Anno 32 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and to amend the said act.

Cap. 2. To continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also to continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. To explain and amend an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the county of Surrey, and the several precincts and liberties of the same; and for extending the powers and provisions of the said act to such part of the eastern half of the hundred of Brixton, in the said county, as is not included in the said act.

Cap. 7. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 8. For taking off the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 10. For granting to his Majesty a subsidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy and additional inland duty.

Cap. 11. To permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland for a limited time.

Cap. 12. To discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland.

Cap. 13. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the parish of Colne, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 14. For the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying, of post fines, which shall be due to the crown, or to grantees thereof under the crown; and for the ease of sheriffs in respect to the same.

Cap. 15. For the better preservation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 16. To continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames, and to prevent putting of rubbish, ashes, dirt, or soil, into the said river, and in the streets, passages, and kennells, in London, and in the suburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such part of the dutchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex; and for allowing a certain quantity of dung, compost, earth, or soil, to be yearly shipped as ballad from the laystalls in London on board any collier or coasting vessel.

Cap. 17. For obviating a doubt with respect to the summoning of persons for offences committed against, or forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excise.

Cap. 18. To continue so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; and to the relief of the officers of the customs in informations upon seizures; and to appropriate certain penalties mentioned in an act made in the last session of parliament, for the due making of bread; and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Cap. 19. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and other purposes in the said act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some provisions with regard to licences for retailing wine; and to preserve the privileges of the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, with respect to licences for retailing wine.

Cap. 20. For enforcing the execution of the laws relating to the militia; and for removing certain difficulties, and preventing inconveniencies, attending, or which may attend, the same.

Cap. 21. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Cap. 22. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the joint stock of three per centum annuities, consolidated by the acts of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, and twenty ninth, years of his present Majesty's reign; and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the sinking fund; and for charging the annuities on single lives, granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, on the produce of the said fund.

Cap. 23. To continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the premium upon masts, yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; and for enlarging the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and also for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attornies or sollicitors, and filing thereof.

Cap. 24. To amend an act made in the last session of parliament, for repealing the duty granted by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty on silver plate, and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate, by permitting the sale of gold or silver plate in small quantities without licence; and by granting a duty instead of the duty now payable upon licences to be taken out by certain dealers in gold or silver plate; and also a duty upon licences to be taken out by pawnbrokers dealing in gold or silver plate, and refiners of gold or silver.

Cap. 25. To explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better prevention of piracies and robberies by crews of private ships of war.

Cap. 26. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securing the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke; and to amend and render more effectual an act of last session of parliament, for applying a sum of money towards fortifying the said harbour.

Cap. 27. For continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 28. For relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 29. For further regulating the power of taking samples of foreign spirituous liquors by the officers of excise; and also for impowering the traders to take such samples before the duties are charged.

Cap. 30. For making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and shores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an act of the last session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; and for relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a bond entered into by him for securing the duties on tobacco imported.

Cap. 32. For the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of cambricks and French lawns.

Cap. 33. To explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; so far as the same relates to the rates and duties on offices and pensions.

Cap. 34. For the better preventing the importation of the woollen manufactures of France into any of the ports in the Levant sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty's subjects; and for the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of raw silk and mohair yarn into this kingdom.

Cap. 35. For augmenting the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, the judges in the courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in Wales.

Cap. 36. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 37. For repairing and widening the high road leading from the town of Mansfield in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Pleasley, Glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hasland, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby, to the town of Chesterfield in the county of Derby.

Cap. 38. For repairing and widening the roads from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Newhaven; and from The Four-Lane-Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne; and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the road leading from Chesterfield, to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston in the county of Derby; and from Selfton, to Annesley Wood-house in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the roads from the east end of the town of Chard, to the south end of West Moor; and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate; and from the west end of Pease Marsh Lane, to Horton Elm; and from Saint Raine Hill, to Ilmister, and from White Cross, to Chillington Down; and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 40. For repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset; and for amending and rendering more effectual several acts for amending several roads from the cities of Gloucester and Bristol, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned, in the counties of Somerset and Gloucester.

Cap. 41. For repairing and widening the road from the cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present turnpike road at the south end of the township of Buxton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 42. For making the river Stort navigable, in the counties of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge in the town of Bishop Stortford, into the river Lee, near a place called The Rye, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the road from Chesterfield to the turnpike road at Hernstone-Lane-Head; and also the road branching from the said road upon the East Moor, through Baslow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said roads again near Wardlow Mires; and also the road leading between the said road and branch from Calver- Bridge, to Bastow Bridge; and also the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven House, to the turnpike road near Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 44. To continue, amend, and make effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the north-west parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east part of the said county; and also for repairing and widening the roads from the Well, in Eastgate in the city of Lincoln, and from the north-west end of Horncastle, and from the Guide Post at the east end of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the roads directed to be repaired by the said act.

Cap. 45. For repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egham, in the county of Surry.

Cap. 47. To amend and explain an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making navigable the river Stroud water, in the county of Gloucester, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county.

Cap. 48. For repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 49. For the better enlightening and cleansing the open places, streets, squares, lanes, courts, and other passages, within the part of the manor and liberty of Norton Folgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the county of Middlesex, which is extraparochial: and regulating the nightly watch and beadles therein.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, in the city of Winchester; and from the said city, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Romsey; and from the said turnpike road, through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 51. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing several roads leading to the city of Bath; and for amending several other roads near the said city.

Cap. 52. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the Hollow Way on the west side of lord Clifford's park gate, where the Exeter turnpike road ends, to a place called Biddaford, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 53. For repairing and widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the town of Derby; and from the guide post in the parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

Cap. 54. For repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 55. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Mold to the town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway; and from the town of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

Cap. 56. For laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a bridge cross the river Tweed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called Little-gate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield; and from Southwell to Oxton; in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 58. For establishing, regulating, and maintaining a nightly watch, and for enlightening the open places and streets, within the town of Guildford in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 59. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying, for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus monies which have formerly arisen by the assessments for raising the land tax in the said town.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 61. For discharging the inhabitants of the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, from the custom of grinding their corn and grain, except malt, at certain water corn mills in the said town, called The School Mills; and for making a proper recompence to the feoffees of such mills.

Cap. 62. For improving the navigation of the river Clyde to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

Cap. 63. To continue and amend two acts, one made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road between the said bridge and Lower Stanton in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 64. For making and completing the navigation of the river Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and part and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to making the said river navigable between the said two places called South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and New Bridge, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 65. For continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to the port and haven of Sunderland, and the river Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said port and haven.

Cap. 66. For amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the new inn in the parish of Winstanstow in the county of Salop; and also the road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said county of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

Cap. 67. For repairing the road from the south end of the south street, in the parish of South Mailing, near the town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge in the parish of Alfriston, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 69. For repairing, amending, and widening the roads from the south west end of Nether Bridge, in the county of Westmorland, by Sizerghfellside, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the town of Millthrop, to Dixies; and from the town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road, at the guide post near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforesaid.

Cap. 70. For repairing and widening the road leading from the east side of Barnesley Common in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guide post, in Barugh, to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the town ship of Cawthorne, in the said county.

Cap. 71. For repairing and widening the high road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the county of York.

Private Acts.

Anno 32 Georgii II.

1. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ecton, in the county of Northampton.

2. An act to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable cut or canal from a certain place in the township of Salford, to or near Worsley Mill, and Middlewood, in the manor of Worsley, and to or near a place called Hollin Ferry, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, meadow, pasture, and waste grounds, in the parish of Honington, in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing the commons and waste grounds, in the townships of Bentley and Arksey, and parish of Arksey, in the county of York.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and meadows, common pasture, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Staunton, in the county of Nottingham.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, meadow, pasture, and waste grounds, in the parish of Preston upon Stower, in the county of Gloucester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields in Great Glen, in the county of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields and grounds within the manor of Fillingham, in the county of Lincoln.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common ground, within the manor and parish of Willoughby, in the county of Warwick.

10. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Cooke esquire, with Susannah Cooper his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act to enable Christopher Codrington esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Bethell, pursuant to the will of Slingsby Bethell esquire, deceased.

12. An act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the surname and arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his wife, and their issue, pursuant to the will of Sir Thomas Bootle knight, deceased.

13. An act to enable Thomas Peckham esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Fowle.

14. An act to enable John Coant gentleman, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Wakelin.

15. An act for naturalizing Casper Schoombart, John Spitta, Gysbert Van Voorst, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Harksen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Laurence Richter.

16. An act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harrison, and Samuel Bernard Graff.

17. An act for naturalizing Phillippis Willem Cassimir Van Straubenzee, esquire.

18. An act for exemplifying or inrolling an indenture of settlement, and the will and codicils of the late earl of Arran, deceased, and making the same evidence as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing one open and common field called Neithrop Field, and the several parcels of land called Bull's Close, The Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Post, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Causeways, and Ley, within the township and liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the parish of Bambury, in the county of Oxford.

20. An act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain articles of agreement for the inclosing and dividing certain commons or waste grounds called Redness and Swinefleet Pastures, in the county of York.

21. An act for vesting divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the will of Evelyn late duke of Kingston, in the present duke of Kingston, in fee simple; and for settling other manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Nottingham, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

22. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed to be made between the most noble John duke of Bedford, and Ambrose Reddall gentleman, Judy his wife, and Elizabeth their only child.

23. An act for vesting part of the estates intailed by the will of the most noble Charles Noel duke of Beaufort, deceased, in trustees to be sold; and for purchasing other estates to be settled to the like uses; and for impowering the guardian and trustees named in the said will, to make leases of the said duke's estates, in the counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the minority of his children.

24. An act for settling the real and leasehold estates of the most honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called marchioness of Carnarvon, wife of the most honourable James Brydges esquire, commonly called marquis of Carnarvon, and late Magaret Nicoll, spinster, an infant, for the benefit of the said marquis and marchioness, and their issue; and for applying part of the personal estate of the said marchioness for the purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for empowering Henry Arthur earl of Powis, and Barbara countess of Powis, to make leases of the estate late of William marquis of Powis, deceased, in the county of Montgomery, for twenty one years, or three lives, at the improved rent.

26. An act for making a partition and division of certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same, for the benefit of the several persons claiming, under his marriage settlement and will, respectively; and also for selling and disposing of timber growing on the estate devised, by his will, for the purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for raising money out of the personal estate of the late duchess of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased, to renew a lease of certain manors and estates in the county of York, in the manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act to enable William Walley and others to sell and convey three undivided fourth parts of a messuage or farm, and several pieces or parcels of land and hereditaments, lying in or near the parish of Hayes, in the county of Kent, unto the right honourable William Pitt, in fee simple, and for investing the purchase-money in other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses and estates, as the said three undivided fourth parts are now subject to; and to enable the trustees named in the will of William Cleaver the elder, deceased, to convey certain pieces or parcels of land, in the parish of Hayes aforesaid, part of the estate devised by the will and codicil of the said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in fee simple, in exchange for part of the said first mentioned lands.

29. An act to repeal an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his sons, to take the surname of Chester, and for carrying an agreement therein mentioned, into execution; and for explaining and altering that agreement, and giving better directions for the carrying the same, so explained and altered, into execution.

30. An act for carrying into execution the articles made on the marriage of Sir Edward Blackett baronet, with dame Anne his wife, by a settlement to be made with, and under, certain variations and provisions, more beneficial for the issue of the said marriage.

31. An act to impower the honourable Edward Bouverie and William Bouverie, respectively, to make leases of Chester's Key and Brewer's Key, and other tenements and buildings, in the city of London, devised by the wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, esquires, deceased.

32. An act to impower certain persons to enfranchise several customary lands and hereditaments, parcel of the several manors of Nicol Forest, Solport and Bewcastle, in the county of Cumberland, late the estates of the honourable Catherine Widrington widow, deceased, directed to be Settled to certain uses, by the will and codicil of the said Catherine Widrington; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for transferring to the guardians of Charles William Molyneux, an infant, a certain power of leasing, contained in the marriage Settlement of Richard late lord viscount Molyneux deceased, during the minority, and for the benefit, of the said infant.

34. An act to exchange lands between Samuel Wegg esquire, and the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Paul, in the city of London.

35. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and entailed on Denys Rolle esquire, and his issue, in him, in fee simple, and for settling other lands and hereditaments in the said county of Devon, of greater value, to the same uses.

36. An act for vesting the manor of Duxford, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Cambridge, part of the settled estate of James Barry esquire, and Elizabeth his wife, in trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop esquire, pursuant to articles, and for settling other estates in the county of York, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the uses of their marriage articles.

37. An act for sale of the inheritance of part of the settled estate of John Caryll esquire, in the county of Sussex, to discharge incumbrances affecting the same.

38. An act to impower William Warburton esquire, to make leases of part of his settled estate in Malvern Chace, for ninety nine years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the same.

39. An Act for sale of part of the settled estates of Thomas Buckley esquire, in the county of Lancaster, for discharging an incumbrance assessing the same, prior to his marriage settlement.

40. An act for giving further time to trustees, therein named, to execute certain trusts vested in them, in and by an act of parliament made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for vesting the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, in trustees, in order to sell the same to protestant purchasers.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordship and liberty of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, called Little Barrington common fields, and a common or waste called The Downs, within the manor of Little Barrington, in the county of Gloucester.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Hoton, in the county of Leicester, and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, open meadows, and common pasture grounds, in the parish of Sileby, in the county of Leicester.

45. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds of, and in, the manor and parish of Harmston, in the county of Lincoln.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing several fields, meadows, pastures, common and waste grounds in the parish of Everton, in the county of Nottingham.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilson, in the manor of Breedon, and county of Leicester, and certain commonable and waste grounds, within the respective liberties thereof.

48. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, in the manor of East Cotham, in the county of York, and extinguishing the right of warren of the lord of the said manor in part of a tract of ground called the Sea Batts, or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and meadows, common pasture, and waste grounds, in the manor of Thistleton, in the county of Rutland.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common county of Northampton.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Oadby, in the county of Leicester, and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open, common, and arable fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, within the manor of Burstall, in the parish of Belgrave, in the county of Leicester.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Coleby, in the county of Lincoln.

54. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and common fields of Desford, in the county of Leicester, and the lands and grounds therein, and also such lands, in the lordship of Peckleton, in the said county, as lie open to the said fields.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and common grounds, in the manor or lordship of Bartin, otherwise Barton in Fabis, in the several parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the county of Nottingham.

56. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish or township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the county of York.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open, arable fields, in the manor of Bishops Waltham, in the county of Southampton.

58. An act to enable Arthur Hill esquire, and Arthur his son, and their issue male, to take the name and arms of Trevor.

59. An act to enable Robert Dobyns esquire, now called Robert Yate, and his first and other sons, and their heirs male, to take and use the surname of Yate, in pursuance of the will of Walter Yate esquire, deceased.

60. An act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring, and John Henry Suhring.

The End of the TABLE.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo secundo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty first day of May, Anno Dom. one seven hundred and fifty four, in the twenty seventh year of the reign of our sovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty third day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, being the sixth session of tins present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to permit the Importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and to amend the said

---

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of salted beef. pork, and butter, from Ireland into this kingdom, hath been found useful and beneficial; and that the time allowed for that pose is near expiring, and it it expedient that the same Should be prolonged: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that It may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made Act ji Geo. s in the last session of parliament, intituled, Am alt to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, which was to continue in force for the term of six months, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall be, and the same is further con-'hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the timw to l+

twen- Dec. jij9.

400 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. r.

[1759.

twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; 'except only with respect to such parts thereof relating to the payment of the duty, and to the recovering of penalties, as are amended, or otherwise provided for by this act.

II. And whereas doubts have arisen whether all kinds of failed pork and hog meat may be imported from Ireland, by virtue of the above recited act; be it therefore declared and enacted by the widhogme'at, auth°rlty aforesaid, That the said act does and shall extend, may be im-and shall be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, to all kinds ported. of salted pork and hog meat imported, or to be imported, into Great Britain from Ireland, during the continuance of the bid ad.

III. And whereas the duty or imposition of one JhiUing and three pence charged and dire sted by the said act to be laid on every hundred weight of salted beef or pork so to be imported from Ireland as aforesaid, is not adequate to, but falls Short of the duty laid upon, and payable for, such quantity of salt as is reqidfite and necessary u be used in curing and salting the same: and whereas the salted bets and pork imported into this kingdom from Ireland, is generally packed up and contained in casks, with the pickle or brine proper far preserving the same*, and the opening the said casks, in order 10 after- tain the net weight of the beef and pork liable to the said duties on importation, would not only be very expenfwe to the revenue, but also a great detriment and loss to the said provisions, and the owner and importer of the same; and that it would be more for the benefit and advantage of the revenue, and also of such owner and importer, that the rates and duties to be paid upon the importation of such beef and pork9 Should be ascertained by, and laid upon, every barrel of the fail commodities so to be imported, according to the rate and proportion herein after mentioned; therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of Beef or rk December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and dur-i/fn pickle*ng the continuance of this act, there shall be paid for every to pay 38. 3d. barrel or calk of salted beef or pork so imported as aforesaid, per barrel, containing thirty two galions, to the proper officer appointed duty5 by the said former act, the sum of three shillings and four pence,

as and for custom or duty for, on, or in respect thereof; and if dried, so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity thereof: and is. 3d. ptr for every hundred weight of salted beef, called dried beef, or dried hundred 0 neats tongues, or dried hog meat, so imported, the sum of one w 5 shilling and three pence, and so in proportion for every greater or lesser quantity thereof, as and for custom or duty for, on, or in respect thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall after the said twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, during the continuance of this act, land any such salted beef, pork, or butter, or any salted beef called dried beef, or dried neats without <duty tonSues» or dried hog meat, imported from Ireland, as afore-paid°to b* said, before payment of the duty laid or directed by this act, forfeited, with the same, together with the calks, vefleis, and package, con-\ tabling

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II.

taming the famey shall be forfeited and lost; and the importer the package; or proprietor of the said commodities shall also forfeit and pay and importer the sum of twenty shillings for every barrel of fych salt^d beef, alj° barrel°S* pork, or butter, and for every hundred weight Of such salted orhundred beef, called dried beef, or dried neats tongues, or dped hogs weight, meat, so imported and landed as aforesaid, and so in proportion,

For every greater or lesser quantity thereof; and that it shall and, Officer of t may be lawful to and for any person or persons (being an, of- cuboids, or i ficer of the customs, or of his Majesty's duties upon salt) to ^avfeiae the take and seize all such commodities as shall be imported and landed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and the Forfeitures ta former act; and that all penalties and forfeitures inflicted and be attributed, ! directed#to be levied by this act, shall bedistributed in manner andrecovered, as by trie said former act, and may be recovered either by the as for- ways and means directed and appointed by the said former act, mcr a # i or may be sued for, recovered, and mitigated, by any of the laws of and relating to the excise.

CAP. II.

An act to continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran.

WHEREAS an act made in the last session of parliament, in- Preamble, re-tituled, An act for continuing certain laws made in the last session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of*'q^oI*corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch; and for pro^ hibiting the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and -to allow the transportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and ilour, to the Isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an act made in the same session; for discontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and, upon corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit, and flour, taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral ships; and to authorize his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the com modifies* aforesaid, 3s may be necessary for the fudentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's allies acting in support of the common cause; and to prohibit the payment of any boiunty upon the exportation of any of the said commodities to be made during the continuance of this -ad, is near expiring: and whereas it is expedient that so much of the said all as relates to the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch \ and afo that the ail made in the thirtieth

402 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. a.

[1759.

aiul to Geo. % year of his Prefint Majesty's reign, intituled An act to pro-

hibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spiriu from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour, which was continued by the said first mentioned'ally Should be further continued 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect The recited parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That clauses in the f0 much of the said adfc made in the last session of parliament, session thC* intituled An act for continuing certain laws made in the loft feffisu9of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corny malt, med, floury brtady biscuit, and flarch\ and for prohibiting the making sf low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other Jen of grainy or from meal or flour \ and to allow the transportation; / wheaty barley, oats, meal, and floury to the Isle of Man, for tht ttfe of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an o3 made in the same fejfon, for difeoritinuing the duties upon com ed flour imported, and upon corn, grainy meed, bready biscuit, and flesr, taken from the enemy \ and to permit the importation of corn sd flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral ships\ and to authorize his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the commodities afsrt-said, as may be necessary for the fujlentation of any forces in the pej of Great Britain, or of those of his Majestfs allies acting in flip-port of the common caute; and to prohibit the payment of any bcmij upon the exportation of any of the said commodity to be made during the continuance of this ally as relates to the continuation of the act made in the preceding session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bif-and in aft 30 cuit, and starch; and also the several clauses in the said first Geo. a. mentioned act contained, for allowing the transportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the Isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there; to authorise his Majesty, by the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the fuflentation of any forces in the pay of Great Bri-tainy or of those of his Majesty's allies, acting in support of the common cause; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty up-further con- on the exportation of any of the said commodities; shall be, tinued to 24. and the same are hereby further continued from the expiration Dec. 1759; thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December, one ihoqfand Unleis the seven hundred and fifty nine; ynless such continuation Ihadl b« abridged by abridged or shortened by any other act to be made in this pre-rai ljaments or sent session of parliament, or unless such continuation shall, dur-by proclama- ing the recess of parliament, be abridged or shortened by his tien, or order Majesty's royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued with © couna. tjlc advice or his privy council, or his Majesty's order or orders in council, to be published in the London Gazette; which proclamation or proclamations, order or orders, his Majesty, during the recess of parliament, and not otherwise, is hereby 1m-powered, with the advice of his privy council, to issue and make.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 1. 40$

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act v> Geo. . Tha, t the said act made in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's continued to reign, intituled, dn act to prohibit, for a limited time* the making z* cc*17591 of low wines and spirits from wheats barley, malt, or any other Jort of grainy or from any meal or floury shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the feve* That from and after the twenty Fourth day of December. one r*1 proton* thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, until the twenty fourth tended tcTpro-day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, hibiring the *the several provisions made by the said act for prohibiting the making of making of Law wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or low wnesand any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour, shall, in like trom manner, extend to the prohibiting of the making of low wines and spirits from bran.

IV. And whereas it would be of geat relief and advantage to the inhabitants of the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, if a sufficient quantity of mealy floury bready and bifcuity was allowed to be transported to the said islands, for the only use of the inhabitants there, ///-stead of the like quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, allowed by the said act made in the last session of parliament to be transported to those

islands 1 be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certain quart-That it shall be lawful, at any time or times before the expira- bread tien of this act, to transport, from the port of Southampton only, or biscuit, may unto the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, for the onlyufc of be transported the inhabitants there, any quantity or quantities of meal, flour, from South-bread, or biscuit, in lieu of the like quantity or quantities of tte^feof°the whtat, malt, or barley, allowed by the said act to be transported inhabitants of to the said istands, so that the whole quantity of wheat, malt, bar- Jersey and Icy, meal, flour, bread, and biscuit, transported to the said istands, Guernsey, before the expiration of this act, doth pot exceed the quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, limited by the said act to be transported to thefaSd islands; and such transportation hereby authoriz- un*c.rcertained and allowed, shall be made under such and the like regula- rc* tiens, penalties, and forfeitures, as the rransportation of wheat, malt, and barley, to the said islands is by the said act madesub-jed; any thing in any former act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, deemed

in order to ascertain the amount of the said transportation, every equal to 1 bu-seventy pounds avoirdupois weight of bread or biscuit, shall be Ihel of wheat, deemed respectively, for the purposes of this act, equal to one&c# bulhcl of wheat, malty or barley.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That J^de^o the the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, and parliament of they are hereby required, to give a full and true account in writ- the quantity ing to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the next session thereof, of all flour, meal, bread, and biscuit, that shall c?ParU# have been exported to each of the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, by virtue or in pursuance of thisd.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. — 8. [1759.

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine. 4l. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VI.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more easy and speudy re cowry of fm all debts within the town and borough tf Southwark, and tie fevered panfhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary.Magdalen Berm^dfey, Christ Church, Sami Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotkerhith, in the county of Surry, and the J ever at precincts and Bherttei of the fame\ and for extending the powers and provisions of the said act to inch part of the eastern hsuf of the hundred of Brixton, in the said countyi as is not included in the said act.

CAP. VII.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employment* within the time limitedby law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of i Geo. i, 13 Car. 1,5 Car. a, 13 Car. 2, 18 Geo. »*, 30 Geo. 2. and 31 Geo. 2. FuYther time to8 Nov. 1759, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify themfdyes, as the said laws direct. Persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. 'Offices &c. already avoided by judgment of a court, and filled up, confirmed. Nooe indemnified where final judgment hath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. VIII.

An act for taking off tbt prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, breads biscuit, and starch.

WHEREAS by an act made in this session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, fora farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also to continue, for a farther time, ' the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from Wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran; it was enacted, That the prohibition of the exportation of corny malt, mealy flour, breads biscuit, andflarchy and lib: wife the prohibition of the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the said commodities, Should be further continued until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ffty niniy unless Jueh continuation Should be abridged or shortened bf any other act to be mode in this present fljfisn of parliament, or in.such

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 9, ^0. 405,

such other manner as by the said act is provided: and whereas it is expedient for the publick service, that the continuance of so much of the said act as relates to the prohibition of the exportation oscorn, malt, meal, flour, breads biscuit, and starch, and of the payment of any\ bounty on the exportation of any of the said commodities, Should be. abridged and ]hortened\ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such The P°rta- continuance shall, from and after the twenty fifth day oft10?corn; March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, cease and: fonally a* determine. lowed,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- unlesshivMa-said. That if, at any time before the twenty fifth day of Dev. iefty by> Pr°-cember, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, his Majesty ordT^irTcouni shall judge it to be most for the benefit and advantage of this cii, fl, assi^kingdom to flop the exportation of the said commodities, it shall the exporta-be lawful for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation, to be issued bon thereof, by the advice of his privy council, or by Iris Majesty's order in until °€C# Council, to be published in the London Gazette, to prohibit and, 759# flop tht exportation of the said commodities, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nfoe \ except only in such cases in which the said commodities Exception, were allowed to be exported during such continuance of the said act of this session of parliament.

CAP. IX.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. X.

An act for granting to his Majesty a subsidy, of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom, and an additional inland duty on coftee and chocolate \ and for raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds9by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy and additional inland duty.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons or Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick. expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies, rates, and duties, herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's nrioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual, and temporal and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of April An additional Ofit thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, there shall bp raised, lubtidy ot i2d.

levied, in the P°uml

granted upoji

4©$

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. [1759.

valued in the books of ijitcsj

and to be le-

certain goods levied, collected, and paid unto and for the use of his MojeAy, and merchan-heirs, and successors, for and upon all tobacco, foreign lin-^iacs import* nens^ fUgar^ and other grocery, as the same is understood in the books of rates, except currants; East India goods, except cosse* and raw silks; foreign, brandy and spirits, except rum of the produce of the British sugar plantations; and paper, which shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, a subsidy poundage of twelve pence in the pound, according to the value or rate respectively set upon each of the said commodities by the several books of rates, or any aCk or acts of parliament relating the reunto; which subsidy shall be paid by the importer of such goods and merchandizes, before die landing thereof, over and above all other duties charged or chargeable thereupon.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority vied and paid aforesaid, That the said subsidy of poundage by this act imposed, into the exche* shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid into his Majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this a A expressed, in such and like

form and manner, and with such allowances, discounts, drawbacks, and exemptions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are as the subsidy prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting* and pay-of 5l. per cent. ing, the subsidy of five pounds per centum, granted by an act Oeo&<L*f m^cn twenty^year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a subsidy rf pound* upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and a lottery, to bt charged on the said subsidy; and for repealing so much vf an off modi in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as enatts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any duty of custom or excise for the lame; or as are contained in or by any other act or acts of parliament by the said a St of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, referred unto, or any of them) and all and every the powers, authorities, yules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, or in any other act or acts of parliament in the said act referred unto, or any of them, for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the subsidies thereby granted, shall bain full force, and be duly observed,

practised, and put in execution, throughout this kingdom, for

raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the subsidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound by "this act granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the Kkc powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

[Prize goods

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the goods and »re to he merchandizes, charged with the subsidy by this act imposed, w.thfhe du-y baveb«n, or, during the continuance of this present war with tie* payabte by Fraace> shall be, taken and brought into any port of this kingdom

-A&io Geo.

407

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. \o.

by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private ships or vessels of war* and shall be condemned as lawful prize, the same shall not be liable to any other or further duty than what they are respectively charged with, by an act made in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes % with refbeft to the bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom; unless the said goods and merchandizes so taken and condemned anteft taken as prize, shall, for home consumption, betaken out of any ware* out of the hous? wherein they are secured under the provisions of the said warehouses aft; in which case, the person or persons so taking out the said ^onruTpVion. goods and merchandizes shall first pay up the subsidy by this F aft granted, as well as all other duties payable to his Majesty thereon.

IV. Provided also, and it is the true intent and meaning of Allowance to this act, that the importers of tobacco shall, upon paying be made to the down the subsidy hereby granted, have the same allowance with, mPortcr °( respect to this subsidy, as they are intitled to by any law now in payw°down force upon tobacco imported; but in case the said subsidy hereby The duty, granted, shall not be paid down as aforesaid, and the said impor-Bond to be ters shall become bound to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, Y, vJ£ 0I> with one or more sufficient sureties, to he approved of by the^tnyto collector of the port where the tobacco shall be imported, with the cunfentof the comptroller of such port, in one or more bond

jot bonds, at the election of the importer, for payment of the said subsidy within eighteen months, to commence at the end of thirty days after the matter's report of the ship, or to commence from the merchant's entry of the goods within those thirty days, which shall first happen; that then the importers shall, in such and the.case, have, and be intitled to, the same allowances and difcqunts, portersto have with respect to the subsidy hereby granted, or for paying the same the usual al-before the bonds become due, as they are at this time intitled to l^ances*& by any law now in force upon bands given for tobacco imported; d"counts* any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is.hereby enacted and declared by Drawback of the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any goods ok the duty a), merchandizes, that have paid the subsidy hereby granted* shall

at any time or times be again exported by any merchant or mer*?tio^o/goods chants, within three years from the importation theaeof, the within 3 years, subsidy by this act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall, without any delay or reward, be paid unto such merchant or merchants who shall export the same, or the security vacated; except for such Eiccc

goods or merchandizes, as by any former act or acts of parlia- x p lon* ment it is declared no drawback shall be paid or allowed upon exportation of.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Drawback of aforesaid, That so much money as shall, from time to time, the duty al-be paid for the duties granted by this or any former act or acts l°w«d on pa-of parliament whatsoever, for any quantities of paper which

408 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. [1759.

in the learned shall be used in printing any books mthe larin* peek, oriental l!?rage*S or lion^lern languages, within the two universities afOxford or ties- UmVC Cdhbridge* or either of them, by percniffion of the vice Chastcel-

lors of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in such manner as is prescribed by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying feme-rod duties upon all soap and paper made w Great Britain, or imparted into the same; and upon chequered and Jlriped linens imported5 end

tlnnf I0< upon cerra*n wlUcees, linens, andfluffs, printed9 pointed* or flawed \ ana< upon several kinds of fiampt vellum, parchment* and paper \ and upon certain printed papers* pamphlets* and advertise-meats, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds* by my of lottery, towards her Majesty's supply; and for luenfng an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain pocks of cards and dice* and for better securing her' Majestys duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise; and for relief of per fans who have not chimed their lottery tickets

in due time, or have left exchequer bills, or lottery tickets \ and far.borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Seas ons-

Company, for thenfe of the publick.

Like draw-

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority back allowed aforesaicV Tharfo much money as shall, from time to time, be on paper used paid for the duties granted by this or any former act or acts of b1 p£lnt, nf parliament whatsoever, for any quantities of paper which shall {earned"an-Cn Prisong any books in the la tin, greek, oriental, or

guages in the northern languages, withifi the universities of Scotland or any of universities of them, i>y permission of the principal of the (feme respectirety, Scotland. shall and may be drawn back and repaid in such manner as is pre&ribed by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Atone, intituled An act for laying faveral duties upon all faapond paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same % and upon chequered md striped linens imported \ and upon certainfelts* ccMicm*

linens* and stuffs, printed, painted* or Pained\ and upon fevered kinds of fiampt vellum* parchment, and [papery and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements* for raising the fan of eighteen hundred ihoufsni pounds, fy west of a lottery, towards her idajefiys supply; and for licensing an additional number of* hackney theirs i and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for m better faturing her Majesty's duties to arise in the officefor theftamp t ties by lianas for marriages and ctherwifa; and for relief of persans

abo have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time* or hive loft exchequer bills* or lottery tickets;and for borrowing money upon flock* pent of thee capital of the South Sea company, for the life of the puilick.

A Drawback

VIII. And be it further enacted by thp authority aforesaid, of 3s. per ' That for every hundred weight of sugar imported into Great weight Id low- afteMne said fifth day of April one thousand seven hon-

on sugar re- dreid and fifty n'ne» a°d refined there (and so in proportion for fined in Great a greater or lefTer quantity) that shall be exported out of this Britain, and kingdom, after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven exported, See. founded and fifty nine, during the continuance of this act, there shall be repaid at the custom-house to the exporterrwithin thirty

e

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. ia 409

days after the demand thereof, the sum of three shillings, over and above the present bounties; oath being first made by the Refiner to refiner that the sugar so exported was produced from brown and make oath, muscovado sugar charged by this act, and that, as he verily behoves, the same was imported from his Majesty's plantations in Amenta, and the duty duty paid at the time of the importation thereof, the exporter making oath that the same was duly ex- Exporter to ported, and his Majesty's searchers also certifying the shipping makeoath. thereof, and all other requisites being performed according to the Searcher to jrefoective books of rates. certify.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Books to be aforesaid, That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the kept for enter-exchequer, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the mo-all the money arising from the said additional subsidy of poundage by thbaSf^of twelve pence in the pound, and paid into the said receipt, y

shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so arising from the said additional subsidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound, and paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall be part of the fund established for the several purposes herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority An additional aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of April one thou- inland duty to fond seven hundred and fifty nine, there shall bexharged, levied, be paid of collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his ,j*r ^on heirs, and successors, for and upon all coffee to be sold in Great co, fcc*

Britain, by wholesale or retail, and upon all chocolate to be

made or fold in Great Britain, an additional inland duty, to be

paid by the respective fellers of such coffee, and by the respective

makers or fellers of such chocolate; that is to say, For and

upon all coffee to be sold in Great Britain, an additional duty of

one shilling per pound weight averdupoise; and in that propor*

tien for a greater or lesser quantity, over and above the present

inland duty, and over and above all customs and duties payable upon the importation thereof; and for and upon all chocolate to

be made dr fold in Great Britain, an additional duty of nine pence on^ocoUtc?*

per pound weight averdupoise; add in that proportion for a

greater or lesser quantity, over and above the present inland duty payable thereupon.

XL. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority The said da-aforesaid, That the said additional inland duties hereby granted ties on coffee to his Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the and chocolate same manner, and under such management, and under such pe- to* l.^v*ed nalties and forfeitures,nd with such poWefs for recovering the tomerin-fame, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former in- land duties land duties payable to his Majesty upon coffee and chocolate are payable there-raised, levied, collected, and paid, as fully, and to all intents and 0A* purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and ?gain enacted, in the body of this present act.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

4io

Coffee lodged in warehouse* on 6 April, 17594 to be charged with the new additional duty j

as alfe the flock in band of coffee and chocolate (except for private use}

90lb. of roasted coffee to be charged after the rate of iulb. of raw coffee. Duty to be paid into the office of excise.

Stock in band of chocolate (except for private use) to be brought to the proper offices in order to be stampt.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c*»a.

[1759.

aforesaid, That alt the coffee which, on the hath day af April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall he ledge<1 or secured in any warehouse or warehouses in pursuance of tbodi-raffions of any former act or adi$ «f parliament io that behalf made, shall be, and is hereby charged with the said additional duty of one (hilliagp/r pound, to be paid in fill* meaner aajthe former inland duty on coffee is directed to he paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That til the coffee and chocolate, lyhfob any, dealer in, or.feiler of, Gnie<,r any dealer in, or maker or feller of, chocolate, in Brttmm (other than.and except fu?h perfaos who make chocolate for their family use, and not for safe, with respost only to their Aock in hand) oraoyperson orperibnsin trustfor him, her, or then* or for his, her, or their use, shall be possessed of, or intemfted in, upon the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and is hereby, charged with the said additional inland duty, of one shilling pound for the said cofce, and nine pence ptr pqund for the said chocolate; and that every ninety pounds weight of roasted coffee, by reason of the common decrease by (hrinkng in the reading thereof, shall be charged after the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds of tawcoSeo; and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity? which fiud additional inland duty for the (lock in hand shall be paid, by the respective fellers of coffee, and such maker* or fellers of chocolate as aforesaid, to the proper officer of entile for the said inland duties, at the office of excise within the limits of which they shall respectjvyly inhabits that it to say. All such duties as shall arise within the litpits of the chief office of excise in I mitt, shall be paid within fourteervdays next after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, and all such duties as shall arise in any other part of Britain, shall be paid within six weeks nexjt after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nipe>

XIV. And it is hereby forth or enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such chocolate as shall, on the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be in the custody or possession of any maker or seller of chocolate, other than such makers as aforesaid, or of toy person or persons in trust, or for the use, of him, her, or them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in Ltnian, shall, with in fourteen days next after the

the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, and all such chocolate as shall, on the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be in the possession of any maker or feller of chocolate (other than such makers as aforesaid) or of any person or persons in trust, or for the.use, of him, her, or them, in any other part of (hill,

within six weeks next after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be brought to the respective offices where the entries for the same shall be, or ought to have been, made, and shall then have same new and additional (lamp, mark, impression, or device, ajKxcd thereon, to denote that it has been

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 411

charged frith the fold additional inland duty; which (lamp, Wrw (lamps to markt impression, or device, and all other (lamps, marks, im- provided pressions, or devices, which shall be made use of to denote the occa' Charging the said additional duties, either on the (lock in hand, 'or any future (lock, the said respective of oif excise, and for the said inland duties, for the time being, are hereby fiire&ed to provide, in such manner as to them shall (cem meet; which stamps, marks, impressions, or devices, or any of them, which m tnay, from time to time, be varied or altered in such manner as altered from the said of shall judge most proper; and if any per- time to time, son or persons whatsoever shall, at any time, counterfeit or forge, T.hc P*nal*7. or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such mark, (lamp, °ngCor so^ing-impression, or device, which shall be made use of in pursuance the same, of this act, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any chocolate with such counterfeit mark, (lamp, impression or device thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall, upon any chocolate which has not been duly entered with the proper officer, and for which or f"* the inland duties has not been duly charged or paid, fix or place ^Xein, any paper or papers having on it or them the impression of such mark or marks, (lamp or damps; or shall, in such paper or papers, inclose such chocolate as shall not have been duly entered with the proper officer, and for which the inland duties have not been duly charged or paid, with intent to defraud his Majesty of his inland duties for and respect of such chocolate; that then every such person or persons so offending therein shall, for every 5ool. and one such offence, forfeit and loie the sum of five hundred pounds, yfar'» impri* and also shall be committed to the next county gaol, there to re- fonm<nt* main for twelve months without bail or mainprise.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- The penalty said, That i£ any person or persons having, on the dud sixth day of secretingor of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, in his or concealing the their custody or posseflton, any (lock or quantity of coffee or of^offee or chocolatechargeable by this act with the said additional inland du- chocolate; ties, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same, or any part thereof, before his Majesty's duties thereupon shall be paid as aforesaid; or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, her, or their said dock of coffee or chocolate; or shall neglect or nefufe^ fen<j; n_ to bring or fend, within the respective times appointed, his, her, the chocolate or their said (lock of chocolate to the respective offices where to be new the entries far the dime shall have been, or ought to have been,

-made, in order to haive such chocolate stamped as aforesaid; or shall, after the find fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun- or vending dred and fifty nine, fell or vend, or offer or expose to sale, any Wj lout of their flock of chocolate, without being first marked or i stamped to denote the payment of the said additional inland duty; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, he, she, or they, so offending, for every such offence, shall for- 10s. per lb. feit the Ann of twenty shillings for every pound weight of such and forfeiture chocolate, and also the chocolate so found after the end of the, he clloco' said fourteen days, or six weeks respectively, without such mark,

4U

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10.: [1759.

stamp, impression, or device thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be seised.

XVI. And whereas the provision by the former law for packing up chocolate in pounds, has not been found sufficient to prevent frauds, and the permitting the sale of chocolate in small quantities not packed up and secured in the manner herein after directed, has tended to encourage the clandestine and fraudulent making and felling thereof; It tile to be ob- be 11 farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all choco-lenred in late which, from and after the fifth day of Aprils one thousand packing up, seven hundred an4 fifty nine, shall be made in Great Britain, shall be packed up, and a (lamp or mark put Upon the same, in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all such makers or proprietors of chocolate, which shall be made in Great Bri-tainy shall, from time to time, and at the respective times and places, when and where they are required to make entries of the chocolate, by or for them respectively made as aforesaid, ^produce all the chocolate contained in such entry, at the respect

brewght to the tivt offices where such entries are or ought to be made, ' to th^ proper offices, respectiv e officers who are, or shall be appointed for the receiv-©n forfeiture ing such entries, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty (hil-°8 Se^ed ^nSs ^or cvcry Poun(* weight of such chocolate which shall not

and stamping Chocolate.

AH chocolate entered, is to be duly

and to up with thread in pa-

then be produced; which chocolate shall be brought, inclosed, paeked, and tied up with thread, in papers, which said papers per# either of shall each of them contain either one pound, or half a pound, onc or a quarter of a pound weight of chocolate, and not more or

a less (at the election of the makers or proprietors) each of which papers so tied up, shall, by an officer appointed, or to be appointed, by the respective commissioners of excise and inland be several l duties for that purpose, or tht major part of them respectively, stampt by the ^ave such a mark, stamp, imfpreffiori, or device, affixed thereon, proper om- as shall be by the said respective of for the time be* cersj

and none to

one naif pound, or a quarter of a pound, which are to

ing, from time to time, devised or appointed for that purpose.

__________ aVIJ. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-

belold in less foresaid, That if any person or persons shall fell chocolate in quantities any less quantity thari a quarter of a pound, or shall fell and 'fa'* undrtCF ^e"ver any chocolate to any person not being at the time of the o apoun, fa]c and delivery thereof duly marked or damped, or not being at that time inclosed, paeked, and tied up with the identical piece of thread which is directed to be used in tying up the Chocolate in a paper, before the same is to have the mark, (lamp, impression, or device, affixed thereon, or shall fell and deliver any chocolate, whereof the thread or stamped label inclosing the same at the time of the sale and delivery thereof, shall have teen broke or opened in any manner whatsoever, every person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence respectively* forfeit twenty pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of tcring the du- the exchequer, a book or bqoks shall be provided and kept, in ties apart from which all the monies arising by the said additional inland duties, others. Upon coffcc an(j chocolate, and paid into the said receipt, shall be

nor without being stampt, and tied up $ and having the original thread and stamp unbroken and unopened; on forfeiture of aol.

Books to be kept For en

1y59.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 1 q. 413

entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so arising from the said additional duties, and paid into the said receipt of exchequer, shall l^e part of the fund established for the several purposes herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho- These duties rity aforesaid, That the several annuities which by this act arePP^Pnated. herein after directed to attend, as well the principal sum of fix |£|!nt millions six hundred thousand pounds, and the additional ca- annuities pital of five pounds to be added to every one hundred pounds chargeable on thereof, as the additional capital which will arise by ten pounds,he mon*cs to be given in and by a lottery ticket to each subscriber, for and ^(Tc^edit of upon every one hundred pounds, advanced and paid towards this act.

the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the subsidies, rates, and duties, composing the fund hereby established for the payment thereof, and the said subsidies, rates, and duties, are fiereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly.

XX. And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved, That towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty in this present session of parliament, the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, be raised by transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum 5 and that an additional capital of fifteen pounds be added to every one hundred pounds advanced; which additional capital shall consist of ten pounds in a lottery ticket given to each subscriber on every one hundred pounds advanced, and of five pounds in like transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum: and where* as pursuant to, and upon the several terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have* in books opened at the bank of Englander that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, and made deposits of fifteen pounds per centum, on the respective sums by them so subscribed^ with the cafbitrs of the bank of England; and whereas several of the said subscribers may have already paid, or may hereafter pay unto the said cashiers, the whole or same further parts of the sums by them respectively subscribed\ previous to the days limited and appointed for the said respective payments; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- Timet of pay-ful to and for all such subscribers who have made deposits with, ntents In re-or payments of further parts to the said cashiers, as afore- spe& of lh* said, to advance and pay, and they are hereby required

advance and pay, unto the said cashier or cashiers of the said fubfaU^to. ^governor and company of the bank of England, the several re- wards annui-mainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed, towards tics, the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, at or before the respedbve times or days, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed on that behalf j that is to say, the further sum of ten pounds per centum*, being part of the sum so regaining, 91* or before' the thirtieth day of Afafcb, in the year

4*4 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. xa [1759.

one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; the further fiun of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh day of April, then next followings the further sum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof on or before thirty first day of May, then next following; the further'sum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of June, then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh day of July, then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum., other part thereof on or before the thirty first day of Augufly then next following; the further sum of ten pounds pir centum, other part thereof, oh or before the twenty eighth day of September, then next following; and the remaining sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty sixth day of October^ then next following.

Contributors

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, making their That all such subscribers or contributors, their executors, ad-XS^ST min^rators> successors, and assigns, paying in the whole, or times limited, any Part t^lc sums ty them respectively subscribed, previous to the days appointed for the respective payments herein before directed, in respect to their proportionable share of the said sum i t be all j millions six hundred thousand pounds, shall be intitled to

imereft for the an allowance of so much money as the interest of the several sums j same, &c. so previously paid, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

annum> shall amount to, from the days on which such previous payments shall have been actually made, to the respective times on which such payments are directed to be made; such allowance to be paid by the said cashier or caftiiers, out of the monies contributed towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed their payments herein before directed to be made.

Annuities to

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bear 31. per That each and every such subscriber or subscribers, contributor conU or contributors, shall be intitled to an annuity after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, for and upon every one hundred pounds by him or them respectively subscribed, advanced, and paid; and also to a like annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, for and upon an additional capital of five pounds, to be added to every one hundred pounds, by such subscriber or subscribers, contributor or contributors respectively, advanced and paid; which said annuities shall commence and be comput-to commence C(j from tfoe fifth^of Januafy, one thousand seven hundred759*5 ^an# an(* nine, an(l shall bc Paitl by half-yearly payments, by even and equal portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

Subscribers,

XXni. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for every 100l. That each and every such subscriber or subscribers, contributor subscribed, in- or contributors, shall, for and upon every one hundred pounds tery ticker 0t" by him or them respectively subscribed, advanced, and paid, be* like wife intitled to one ticket in the lottery, herein after mentioned;

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 415

which said ticket will be equal in value ttv and is to bt

taken and accepted as an addition of ten pounds capital, on every one hundred pounds subscribed, advanced, and paid, as aforesaid, which fucva shall carry an annuity at the rate of three pounds

per centum per annum \ and the said.annuity shall commence and to carry 3L

be computed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven per cent.

hundred and sixty, and shall be paid by half-yearly payments on the fifth day or July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities a- Annuities foresaid, shall be transferable at the bank of England-, subject transferable, nevertheless to such redemption as is hereafter mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cashier to give That the cashier or caflfiers of the governor and company of the rece, Pu bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive any [jj0liey

part of the said contributions, towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor, for all such sums, and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable by indorse- the same made ment thereupon made at any time before the fifth day of January^arguable, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and no lpnger.

XXVI. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall Cashier to give give security to the good liking of any three or more of the com- security \ missioners of the treasury for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the public use, all the -monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed* and to pay in and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies so received, she monre* and account for the same, in the exchequer, according to the !"to the cx- due course thereof. c.iequer.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said cashiei* or cashiers shall, and they are hereby au-, eWptot»c \. thorized and required, upon the payment of twenty five pounds percent. tJ for every one hundred pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, and not give a note before, to give a note or writing signed by him or them to such for the t!e, u contributor or contributors, obliging himself or themselves to J^ deliver to such contributor or contributors, or their assigns, a every iool. ticket in the lottery herein after-mentioned, of the value of ten subscribed. pounds, by way of additional capital, for every one hundred

pounds by them respectively subscribed towards raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds^ for the purposes aforesaid, as soon as the managers and directors to be appointed for preparing and delivering out the said tickets in the said lottery, shall deliver to the said cashier or caflfiers the books comprehending the said tickets.

[Treasury to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the aP^y llic mo* of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the tim? vJce/voV a by

being, the commons.

4». Anno tricesimo secundo GEORGII II. c 10. 759-

being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such Turns of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this, present session of parliament.

Contributors

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, names, &c. to That in the office of the accomptant general of the governor be entered in ancj company of the bank of England for the time being, a book the accompt- or bo°ks toaill be provided and kept, in which the names of the ant general of contributors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the the bank. said respective contributors, their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall and ipay, from time to time, and at all (easonable times, resort to and insped, without any fee or Duplicate charge; and that the said accomptant general shall, on or before thereof to be the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, imotheau- tran^m't an attested duplicate fairly written on paper of the said ditor's office. book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, «ifmm bn*the ^hat ^uch contributors duly paying the whole sum subscribed, dutief o/this at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, a&appropri- and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall ated to pay- have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this act, ment of the to fiave> receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities by this mnnui es. a(c^ granted, in respect of the sum so subscribed out of the monies appropriated by this act for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained; and that the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever.

Contributors

XXXI. Provided always, That in case any such contributors not making who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the gr>dt|inr the^cashiers, any sum or sums of money at the times, and within then the manner before-mentioned, in part of the sum so by them times limited, respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, administra-to forfeit ttieir tors, and assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier depotits. or caffi,erS) the residue of the sums so subscribed, at the times, and in the manner before-mentioned; then, and in every such cale, so much of the respective sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Accomptant

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 8fvccredT for That accomptant general for the bank of England, for

thchurnsnatn-the t, me being, shall, in a book or books to be provided and ed in the cer- kept for that purpose, give credit on or before the first day of tificates j July next, to the faici respective contributors, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, for the principal Aims by them respectively subscribed and paid, and the said additional capital of five pounds per centum by this act allowed

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 417

thereon; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums' with the said additional capital shall be so placed) their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall and may have which may be power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or transferred, proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be provided and kept by the said accomptant general for that purpose; and every principal sum so assigned and transferred, and carry shall carry an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per ant. in-per annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock trans- terest. ferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to a proviso herein after contained for that purpose.

XXXIII. And whereas it is intended that every contributor of the sum of one hundred pounds, towards raising the fetid sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, shall have, and be intitled unto, an additional capital of ten pounds in a lottery ticket; which tickets are to be prepared, and a lottery to be drawny in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted by the authority Manager*and aforesaid, That such persons as the of of his Ma- octo

a's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the^appointed treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the by the trea- ' treasury for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be fury* managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this act directed and appointed by such managers and directors to be done and performed; and that such managers Or directors shall meet together from time to time, at fume publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trusts in them re-posed by this act 5 and that the said managers or directors, or Method of so many of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the major part of them, shall cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns, and upon the innermost of the said three columns there shall be printed sixty six thousand tickets, to be numbered one, 'two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical progression, where the common excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of sixty six thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed sixty six thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or (eries of tickets, of the lame number with those of the other two columns; which tickets shall severally be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, flotirilhes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the number of such ticket, and the present year of our Lord Christ) words to this effect:

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. io> [1759.

THIS ticket will intitle bearer thereof to fix, or to a better (bonce, in a joint stock of, after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, at the bank of England.

Managers to

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said managers examine the and directors, or so many of them as shall be present at such £°?k* of meeting, or the major part of them then prdent, shall carefully deliver them examine all the said bpoks, with the tickets therein j and take to the reseiv- care that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, acoord-ers; ing to the true intent and meaning of this act } and shall deliver

or cause to be delivered the lame books, and every or anjt of them, as they shall be examined, to the said cashier or cashiers, taking from such cashier or cashiers an acknowledgement'in taking re- writing, under his or their hands, importing his or their receipt I

them! or of such book or books, and so many tickets therein, aa shall be

delivered to him or them respoflively; and all and every such ououth d ca^'er w respectively i is and are hereby directed and

deli w ticket* required, upon hispr their receiving the full consideration-mo-to the contri- ney to be contributed on this act, from any person or peridot tutors, contributing, as aforesaid, to, cut out of the said book or books, so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, ' indentwise, one of the tickets in the said extreme columnswhich the said cashier or calhien shall sign with his or their own name or names, and he or they shall permit the contributor, if it bedelired, to write his or her name or mark on the corresponding ticket in the same book i and at the same time the said cashier or cashiers shall deliver to the said contributor the ticket so cut off, which he, she, or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and focuring of the irtterest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall or may have in the said fund.

Receivers to

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, return the ^That the said cashier or cashiers, on or before the first day of remainder of November, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall re-the tickets, deliver to the said managers and directors, at their said office ct place of meeting, all the said books, and therein all the tickets which the said cashier or cashiers shall not have cutout and delivered to the contributors as aforesaid; and that the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present at a meeting, as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the tickets of the said outermost columns, which shall not have been delivered to the contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to be retained and kept, and to be disposed of, as the comanftioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge reafpnabie and fitting.

Tickets of the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said maotgen middle co- and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present 'tolled up and at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the ticket^ of the middk

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. p. icr.

columns in the books, made Out with tbreqcolymns, as afore- fattened with said, which shall be delivered back to them, by or from thefllk» said cashier or calhiejrs as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fad with thread or silk; and the said managers or direct tors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their pre- ?nd nit off fence, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as "^'abox will be there, cause all the said tickets, which are to be so rolled marked with up, and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise through the letter (A) the said oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, into a box, to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and to be locked with seven different locks and keys, to be kept by as Box to be many of the said managers, and sealed with their seals, or the UP* seals of some of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn, asIcac*is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innermost columns of the said bopks, shall remain dill in the books for discovering any mistake or fraud (if any such Should happen to be committee!) contrary to the true meaning of this

B!&.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said managers and directors, or the major part of Book* to be them, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, shall ^coiumns also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other books, in which on each of*every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two columns; which 60, 00> and upon the innermost of those two columns there shall be tickets to be printed sixty six thousand tickets, and upon the outermost of the PrilUC<h said two columns there shall be printed sixty six thousand tickets, all which shall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in live said books shall be joined with some floorish or device, through which the outermost tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that nine thousand three hundred and forty tickets, part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the books last mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned'; and the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressect, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to say. Upon two of them severally, twenty thousand pounds number principal money; upon two of shem severally, five thousand formate pounds principal money; upon two of them severally, three tickets, thousand pounds principal money; upon two of them severally, two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty five of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of thirty of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred and fifty of them severally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of seven hundred of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eight thousand four hundred and twenty seven of them severally, twenty pounds principal

4 i'o

nl to the drawn

tied,

and eut out Indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (£)

Box to be locked i lealed.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. [1759.

money: which principal sums, so to be written, ot^bfeher-wife expressed upon the said fbrtunatfe tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money; to1 be aHowiif, jtb the owner of the nrft drawn ticket, a Ad onethouTand pdtnfds^prin-^to the money, to the owner of the lift drawn 'ticket', xyifet; and lall drawn, above the benefits which may happen to belong \o the two lift mentioned tickets; and together with the sum of*foc-pomids to be paid or allowed for and Upon each blank or unfortbriart ticket of the said lottery, will amount in the whole to the Tprin-cipal sum of six hundred and sixty thousand pounds*tbbe toft-wtomoit*<vcru^nto annuities by virtue of this act, in respect of the said columns to be lottery; and the said managers and directors, or the mijd* part rolled up and of them, who shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, "fnafl cause all the said tickets, contained in the outermost columns of the said last mentioned books, to be, in the prefimeb' of the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, and in the prefcnee of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indent wife through the said flourish of device, hub another box, to be prepared for this purpose, and to marked with the letter (B) which box shall be put into another ftrbnj box, and locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be tilled*UP andccPt ty many or the said managers, and sealed up with thrir ac*seals, or the seals of same of them, until these ticket* ftiallaHo be drawn in the manner and form herein after Mentioned; and that the whole business of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and dealing the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by this act appointed for the drawing the said lottery; and to the end fevery person concerned maybe well allured that tfite counterpart of the same number with his or her ticket is put into the box, marked^vith the letter (A) from whence the same toay be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, Come publick notification in print shall be given of the precise time or times of putting the said tickets info the said boxes, to the end that such adventurers, as shall be' minded to fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afiwe-gin drawing said, That on or before the thirteenth day of November^ bne on 13 Nov. thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, the said managers and759* directors shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets

therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city Of Lmdtn % so that the same may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpose, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the Method to be same day, and shall then and there severally attend this service, observed in and cause the two boxes containing the said tickets, to be feve-drawing, &c. ra!ly taker* out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked pp 5 and tifkct* 'cY'lots in the respective ihwer-

most

Publick notice to be given of times of putting the tickets into the boxes.

421

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10.

mod boxes being in the presence of the said managers and dir rctftors, or such of them.as shall be then present, and of such, adventurers at will be there for the satisfaction of themselves* well fhajken and mingled in each box distinctly; some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the said managers, or the major part of* them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the find numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and oncother indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate, and fifty six thousand six hundred and sixty blank tickets shall be promifeuoufiy put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and it the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket (o drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank \otsf shall appear to, be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they shall be imitled respectively, and two of the said managers shall let their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate tickets, and one more for the lad drawn as aforesaid, shall be compleatly drawn; and as the same cannot be After each performed in one day's time, the said managers or directors shall Hay's drawing, cause the boxes to be locked up and sealed in manner as afore- 10

said, and adjourn till the next day, and so from day to day, and ^d scaled!^ every day /except Sundays, Christmas day, and fall days) and then open the ismet and proceed as above, till the said whole number q( nip? thousand three hundred and forty fortunate tickets, opd one more, shall be compleatly drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered tickets so drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

XXXIX. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what degree they have been so; be it en-a$ed| That 3s fqon 3s the drawing is over, the said managers Numbers of

E C 3 are fortunate

422

tickets, and the Turns, to be printed.

Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers.

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be sworn.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 1O.

[1759.

are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, tcTbause to be primed and published the number of the tickets drawn against e?ch fortunate ticket, and the principal rum written on the same; and if any contention or dispute shall arise in the adjusting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major prart of the said managers, agreeing the rein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this act, or made forth, or to be made forth, upon any former lottery aft, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, ( or offef to dispose of any false, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, cerwficate or certificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or accomptaht general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, or any Contributor or adventurer, or the executors, administrators, and assigns, of any contributor or adventurer upon this act; that thpn every such perforl or persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law. shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers or directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Newgate* or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony according to law.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commission, shall take the oath following*that is to lay,

The oath. A, B do sweat, That I will faithfully execute the trust repefei J. in me j and that will not ufi any indirect art or means, or permit or dire ft any person to use any indirect art or means} to obtain a prize or fortunate lot, for myself or any other person whatsoever \ and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or Jinijler practice to be done by any person whatsoever \ and that I will* to the best of my Judgment, declare to whom any prize y hty or tickety of right does belongs according to the true intcrit and meaning of the act of parliament made in the thirty second year of his Majesty's reign in that behalf

Which said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 423

XLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority Manager, &c* aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by and out of any of theto* P* bY ftipphcs granted in this session of parliament, it shall and ihay ^nenoTtbe be lawful to and for any three or more of the commissioner* of treasury out the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, t6 reward of the lottery the said managers and directors, and the Clerks ind officers6 nioney. be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affais, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expenses as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such man* ner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the High treasurer for the time being, QiaH, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf$ any thing in this contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or any share or shares of c ances> &c# any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a >day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatfe-^verin consideration of the repayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate j or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every Penalty# person and persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid mat* ters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered byadtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall foe for the lame; and «very such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement re- lating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, persons felling That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, dr shares in tick-Shall print or publish any scheme or proposal, for receiving any et8 uf which sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be the JUj-rj not granted for the same, in any ticker or tickers in the said lottery, c*whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually possessed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid in case any ticket, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be in the actual possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every f.such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hun-to or Clt 500' dred pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or

information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster

424

Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable,

and may be sued for in Dublin.

After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates*

Managers to

Sve notice of e time for

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. id.

[1759.

minjltr; ia which ao essoin, protection, or wagtt of law* or more than on* imparlance, shall be allowed} one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuecnjoes, and the other moiety to be paid to toe person or persons who shall sue for the lame; and also shall Huffier three months imprifao-ment without bail or mainprise.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any offence against any of the acts of parliament made in this kingdom* for. preventing private and unlawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the offender shall incur the lake penalty and pi}r\i(hment, to be inflicted in like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom* and that fitch penalties as, by any of the said acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, shall, in Case of offences committed against any of the fakl acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XLV. And to the end that all and every the payments, as.well upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the potions who shall be and become intitled thereunto; be it further«a-acted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be after the drawing of the said lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said tickets, to be givenout as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be signed by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpote.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the/aid managers, as any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-

t*k, mSi the -fury» or l^e treaf"rer for the time being* shall. appoint to tieked, and in rtie said tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for

delivering out and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by advertisement tin-

the certi cates. Sec*

to be printed at\d published in manner as they shall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the said tickets, and delivering out the said certificates, fqr and ip lieu of the same j and every person'? certificate shall be numbered in course, according to their bringing their ticket? to the managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same $ to which purpose, such managers shall enter, or cause to be eptered, iqtQ a bpok or books to be by tering persons them kept for that purpose, the name of every person who shall names, bring any ticket or tickets to be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which shall be so brought by such person or persons, the value ip principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of oqr Lord, when the same was. so brought, which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the said tickets to be exchanged for fqch certificates, for all persons concerned tq peruse j all which certificates shall be signed by the managers so to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be duelled to the accomptam general of the bank of England for the time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted I7 the autlmrity aforesaid,

Th?f

Books to be kept for en-

and the number of their tickets, kc.

Certificates to be signed, See*

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 42$

That the said accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, to whom the said certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall, upon receiving and taking in the said certificates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a Accountant book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpose, f

for the principal sums contained in every such certificate; and f^principaT the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered fumi in the in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, and ad- certificates, tninistrators, shall and may have power to assign or transer the Affigjwents same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other JJYbe^c person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, it> sums, &c. other/books to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant general for that purpose; and the principal sums so assigned or transferred, shall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be dock transferable by this act, according to the powers and authorities herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforesaid; and the said accomptant general of the bank of England Certificates tf for the time being, is hereby authorized and directed to cancel* fi, cdnd1 and file the certificates, as they shall from time to time be re- to ceived and taken in by him, and to give the persons bringing given in lieu in the same a note tinder his hand, testifying the principal money thereof, for which they shall have credit in the said book or books, by xealbn or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and Cancelled as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.1

XLVIII. And for the more easy and sure payment of the chief cv transferrable annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum ftier, and ac*

7r annum; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, comoeant ge.

bat the said governor and company of the bank of England, ner*\» to* and their successors, shall, from time to time, until the said an-

Euittes, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall paying the *e redeemed as aforesaid, appoint and employ one or more fu£» annuities. ficifPt person or persons within their office in the city of London, tp )>e their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other fulneient person within the same office, to be their accomptant general; and that so much of the monies from time to time arif- Treasury to ing into the said receipt of exchequer, from the said subsidies, money rates, and duties, by this act granted and appropriated, as shall for that pur-be sufficient from time to time for payment of the said annuities, P?re to t!ic after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall, by or- said ca^leri der of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be sued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective half-yearly days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per an*

WMy at such times, and in such manner and form, as are by thi$

aft

4*0

who is to account for the same*

Aecomptant

cashier. Annuities deemed a personal estate, &c.

flock

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. io« £1^59,

a A prescribed in that behalf; and that such cafhior or caibien to whom the said money shall, from time to time, be iffoed, Thall, from time to tune, without delay, apply and pay the feast accordingly, and render hit or their account thereof, according to tfye due course of the exchequer.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, generalh^ CX*aecomptant general for the time being ft* all, free

cciptVand pay- rime to rime, "lfped an^ examine all receipt* and payments of ments of the the said cashier or cashiers* and the voucher* relating thereto, is order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or deity 5 and chart a£ persons who shall be intstled to any of the said annuities, ate the rate of three pounds per centum per&enum, and11 perfoes lawfully chiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as-or' a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor Cable to any foreign attachment by the custom of Lornim* or o-thefwife; any law, statirte; or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Annuities

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That deemed a jokit all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this act towards the fed sum of six million* (lx hundred thousenf pounds, on which the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed pne capital and joint stock; and that all persans and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the monies by^bem federally advanced for the purchase of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said stock, and in the said annuities attending the same, at the rate afcre-said; and that the said whole Capital or joint stock, or any-(hare on* interest therein, shall be assignable and transferable as this act directs, and not otherwisei

LI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authorin' aforesaid, That at anytime upon six months notice to be printed in the London Gazette, 2nd fixed upon the Royal Exchange in Lends*, and upon repayment by parliament of thesaidfeimoffixcmliionsfir hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by payments not less than five hundred thousand pounds at onetime, in such manner as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament in that behalf, and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; then, and not till then, such and io much of the said annuities as shall be attending on the principal sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons, (Igni-lied by the speaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this act.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

TlW

and made transferable

Clause of redemption.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 427

That books shall be constantly kept by the said accomptant ge* Transfer

neral for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of books to be

the said aritiuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per kcPt by the

annum, shall at all seasonable times, be entered and registered

which entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that purpose* Method of

and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transferring

transfers; or if such parties be absent, by their respective attor* stock.

nies thereunto lawfully authorized in writing under their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnessfes; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made,

shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that

no other method of afllgning and transferring the said annuities,

or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or

available in law.

LIII. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any (hart Annuities dein the said joint stock of annuities, or estate and interest therein* JjjaWe br may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more Wl*credible witnesses 5 but that no payment shall be made upon any Entry to be such devise, till'lb much of the said will as relates to any share, made of such inslate, or interest, in the said joint stock of annuities, be entered in the in the said office and that in default of such transfer or devise, 'such share, e(tete, or interest, in the said joint stock of annuities, shall go to the executors or administrators j and that no stamp Transfer nor duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers* liable to stamp any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. duties.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Treasury to Uforeftid, That out of the monies arising from the contributions pay all mci-towards raising the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand dent charges pounds, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury* execution of or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to this act* discharge all such incident charges as shall neceflhrily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper, for the service, pains, and labour, of Ihesaid cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions 5 and also shall have power to make and to make out of the fund hereby established, or out of the (Inking fond,0 the TaOiier such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the a°d accompt- service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for re- ant general i teiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the bid UCcomptaht general, for performing the trust repefed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid in rt-^be at the spect to the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of disposal of the the said governor and company, shall be for the use and bene- governor and fit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal ^e^ik °* only. 3

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Bank to con-thority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the tinueacurpo-bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the re-

demp- icdtemeJ, 5cc.

No fee for payment of contribution money.

[Penalty.]

Deficiencie*of the exchequer, &c. bow to be made good.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. [1759.

demption of all or any of their own funds, ia pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation till all the said annuities, after the rare of three pounds per etntum per annum, by this act granted, shall be re* deemed by parliament, according to the proviso herein before contained in that behalf; and elm the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this&,

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of fail Majesty's subje<Sts, for receiving or paying the said contribution monies, or any of them, or for paying the said several annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum great or small, to be made In pursuance of this act, upon pain that any offender or person offending, by talcing or demanding any such fee, re* ward, or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with foil costs of suit; and that all receipts and mues, and all other things directed by this act to be performed in the exchequer, shall be done or performed by the officer there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for the same $ and in case the officers of the exchequer shall take or demand any such fee or reward, or shall misapply or divert any of the monies to be paid into the exchequer upon this act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the true intent of this act, or shall not keep such books, registers, or make entries, and ds and perform all things which by this act they are directed and required to do and perform, every such offender shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of trull whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble eofts of fuk to any contributor or person claiming under him that will (be for the (jirae, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at ftfeflmx- flery wherein nq essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said ion the plaintiff, upon recovery, shall have full coils of suit ^onothifd of which sum shall be paid into the bid receipt of exchequer, for the benefit of hrs Majesty, his heirs, and successors, wad the other two thirds shall be to and for the use of the prosecutor.

LVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority afaccfirid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of the said several subsidies, rates, and duties, hereby granted, for payment of the said several annuities, shall not be sufficient to pay and difeharee the several and respective annuities and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end ifny tst titter of the respective half-yearly daysof payment, at which the 4a me are hereby directed to be paid, then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may b6 fop-plied out ofny of the monies which at any time orpines shall

42*

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. ri.

be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fond as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former a<$t or acts 6f parliament in that behalf) and fiion monies of the said sinking fund, shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly $ and if at any time or times, before any monies of the several subsidies, rates* and duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payments before-mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moAiea of the sinking fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LVHL Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Sinking fund aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be issued out of*he (ink- to be replaced, ing fund* shall, from time to time be replaced, by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Surplus mo-aforesaid, That in case there shall beany surplusor remainder t^ophed.0 of the monies arising by the said several subsidies, rates* and duties, after the said several and respective annuities, and ail arrears thereof, arc satisfied, or money Efficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such overplus or remainder shall, from time to time, he reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as be directed by future or acts of parliament, arty thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any pterion or persons shall, at any time or times, be (bed of prosecuted for any thing by him or them done pr axe* cuted iiv pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may {Head the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence: and if, upon trial, a verdict shall pass for the fjCllcra u*defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or Treble costs* plaintiffs.

CAP. XI.

An act to permit the free importation of cattle frm Ireland for a limited time.

WHEREAS tht permitting the free importation of cattle into prcami>jc<*' Great Britain from Ireland for, a limited Mate, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the samei

That

43

Free importation ot all forts of cattle from Ireland, allowed for 5 years, from i May, 759 5

the lame to be duty free.

Limitation of attions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

[Preamble.]

Frre importation of tallow allowed for 5 years, from 1 May, 1759-

Entry to be made thereof;

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. it. f759.

That from and after the first day of May* 00c thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, the free importation of all forts of cattle into this kingdom from Ireland shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the space of five years from the iaid first day of May* or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament; and that all persons shall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged, from the payment of all lubfidies, custams, rates, duties# or other impositions, and also from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of importing or bringing cattle into this kingdom from Ireland* during the term aforesaid \ any acte or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if auy action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act, and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer a*-gainst the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XII.

An act to discontinue, for a limited time* the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland.

WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited time* the fra importation of tallow from Ireland, may tend to the ease of the publick, and advantage of the revenue* by reducing the price, and encouraging the confvmption of candles in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May* one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any tallow un-manufactured into candles or soap, which shall be imported into this kingdom from Ireland* but that all such tallow shall and may be imported duty free for the space of five years, from the said first day ctf May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament; any former law, Statute, or actor atfsof parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made of all such tallow at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 13, 14. 431

shall be imported, in such manner and form, and expressing the

quantities of such tallow, ts. were tifed and pradfcfed before the

making of this suft; and such tallow shall be landed in the pre- and the fa me

fence of the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed°* landed

for that purpafe \ and if any person or persons upon the tntpor*

tat ion of any tallow from Ireland, shall not observe and perform

the find conditions andcfireclions herein before mentioned, every Penalty.

such person shall be liable to, and pay such and the same duties",

as such tallow would have been liable to if this act had not been made; any thing in this a<S contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That L^m|tation of if any acton or fiiit shall be commenced against any person or anions, persons* for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defend* am for defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the gene* General iftit. srat issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fh*Umd may recover tneble costs* and have the like remedy for the Treble costs. Cameras any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XIII.

An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in, the patifhes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the parish of Colne, in the county of Huntingdon*

CAP. XIV.

An act for the more regular and easy celkding, accounting for, and paying, of post fines, which shall be due to the crown, or to grantees thereof under the crown j and for the ease of sheriffs in respect to the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great trouble and expense arise in the execution of the office of sheriff, by the present method of collecting, accounting for, and paying, of post fines, which become due to the crown, or to grantees or proprietors thereof under the crown, by reason that the persons from whom such post fines aredue, are frequently unknown to She sheriff, and reside out of his county; and thepatifhes, towns, pre-sends, or placer, in which the lands he, whereof the fine was. levied* are frequently mi foamed, whereby the sheriff h unable to Jhtd out she same: and forajmuchas the sheriff of every county, on the puffing his accounts, is obliged Co pay to the crown, before he can obtain t?is quietus, the fevered and respective post fines charged upon him, many of which he is never able to collect in and receive, to his manifest lots and detriment) far remedy whereof, and for the case of sheriffs in the execution of their office, may it please your Majesty that it may'be

43*

prefine, together with nit name, or mark of office \

both fines to be paid toge-

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 14* [1175.

be enabled; and be irenacted by the King's roost excellent n12 c jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That on all and ever Z*1* wr*t pr writs of covenant which, from and after the first day c

on the*back of Trinity term, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, 4hafi b the writ, by sued out for the passing of fines in his Majesty's court of Comm the officer who Pleas at Westminster, the officer or officers, whoseduty it Is to fc it to set the and indorse the prefine payable thereon, shall also at the fan time, set the usual post fine, and indorse the same on the back a the said writ or writs, together with his or their name or names, or mark of office thereto, in the like manner as the same are noi indorsed or stampt at the office called The King's fitver offia\ which said post fine or post fines shall be forthwith paid to tie receiver of prefines at the alienation office, for the time being, the'r to the re- together with the sum of four pence, as his fee for receiving tie prunes at the ^amc> instead, and in lieu, of the foe of four pence charged on alienation of- lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and payable to sheriffc fice, with 4d* bailiffs, and others, on discharging the same, by virtue of the act forti«fee, >*- of the third year of his late majesty King George the First, intito-fine wanted yfo act for the better regulating the office of sheriffis; and/or of-

by a«3 Geo. i."rtaining their feeSj and the feesfor Jiang out their patents and pej

sing their accounts, which said tee of four pence, by the said aid granted, from and after the said first day of Trirnty term, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall cease and determine; and such receiver shall indorse upon the back of every such writ

Receiver to in- or writs of covenant, one particular or certain mark of office, in back of the' manner*ls now used by him on the receipt of prefines at writ, his mark the alienation office, together with the name of such receiver, of office, name, and the sum of money which shall be by him received as the post and sum re- fjnc due thereon; which mark and indorsement of such receiver, shall discharge the manors, lands, tenements, rents, commons, and hereditaments, comprised in the said writ or writs of covenant, and the cognizce or cogniztes named therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer or clerk of the King's fflver office, or his deputy, from and afttf thfe said first day of Trinity term, one thousand seven

mark thefines. hundred and fifty nine, shall continue to enter every such fine or fines upon tecora, fin the way hitherto used in the passing of fines, and make thereof the same entries, and shall put thereon the same indorsements, with the same stamp or mark, and in the like manner, as has hitherto been the constant usage and practice

_____ of the said office in passing of fines; and that no fine, until the

lid until stampt <feme shall be damped and marked with the sum to which the and mark'd post fine amounts as aforesaid in the said King's silver office, vt ah tbs post shall be deemed a fine valid and effectual in law.

III. And whereas no prefine is payable on any writ of covenant whffie the lands and tenements contained therein are under the yearly value of five marks; but a certain sum of fin [hillings and eight pence hath been antiently set and payable to the crown on every such writ of covenant, as and for the Kings licence being granted to the parties tn

Jiub

ceived.

Clerk of the silver office to enter and

Fines not va-

fin,

1759.] Anno b trices 1616 fociindo Georgii II. C*4. 433

such writ cf covenant named to accord? be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Where noprc^ first day of Trinity term* in all cases where tio prefine shall be on thewnt*payable on any Writ of covenant, the officer or officers at the said the officer at alienation office, whose duty it is to set and indorse the prefine on the alienation every writ of covenant on which a prefine is payable, shall set to PjJ*

on every writ of covenant brought to the said alienation office,on which no prefine shall be payable, a pod fine of six shillings on, 1

and eight pence, as hath been antiently usually put, a t the said King's silver office, on every writ of covenant on which no prefine was payable; and shall indorse such pod fine of six shillings and and indorse eight pence on every such writ of covenant, together with his the same, with or their name or names, and mark of office, in the like manner hls "and.e and as it hath been usual to indorse such writs of covenant at the said m^r 0 °1^cc# alienation office; and every such pod fine of six shillings and The said sum eight pence, shall be paid to the said receiver of the said aliena- of 6*. sd. to tien office, before the writ of covenant on which no prefine is j*"4 before payable shall be passed at the said alienation office; and the said Venation receiver, on payment of the said six shillings and eight pence, office.

shall indorse on and mark every such writ of covenant, in like Receiverto in-manner as other writs of covenant are by this adfc before directed dorfe his name to be ind or fed and marked by such said receiver. writ.*°

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, clerk of the

That the officer of clerk of the King's silver office, or his depu- silver office to ty, from and after the said first day of Trinity term, one thousand no

seven hundred and fifty nine, shall not receive any writ or writs^post fine of covenant, unless it shall appear by the mark and indorsement has not been of such receiver as aforesaid, that the pod fine has been paid paid, thereon.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if after the payment of such If the writ pod fine or pod fines as aforesaid, the said writ or writs of co- *11* Prc" venant shall, by the death of any of the parties named therein, th^fe-or for any other cause whatsoever, be prevented or hindered JcraUfficei, from passing through the several other offices, foas the said fine the receiverto or fines is or are not, or cannot be, com plea ted; that then, and repay thepolt in every such case, the said receiver shall repay to the cognizee fine ?°the, or cognizees, in every such writ or writs of covenant, his, her, coSnlzcc*

or their attorney or agent, on their producing and filing with him the said writ or writs of covenant, all and every such sum and sums of money as shall have been before by him received thereon as and for the pod fine or port fines; and such writ or writs of covenant so remaining filed with such receiver, (halt be, and is hereby declared to be a sufficient discharge to such receivers for such sum or sums of money as he shall* so repay as

r'r -, J J Receiverto

aforesaid. enter into re-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cognisance. That every such receiver as aforesaid, before he takes upon him with sureties, the execution of his said office, shall enter into a recognizance for thefaithfid before one of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, to ^office. °an4 his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, with one or more making due surety or sureties, as shall be thought proper by such baron, in payment of

ccivedby hnA.

434 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 14; [1759.

the penal sum of five thousand pounds, conditioned for the due and faithful execution of the said office, and to pay unto every*respective sheriff of every county, city, and town in England*

having a sheriff or sheriffs, or his under sheriff or lawful attorney, on his or their producing to such receiver, bk, clerk or agent, at his publick office, the quietus of the sheriff for whom payment is required, the sum total of the pod fines which shall be contained in such respective quirt us, and wherewith such sheriff shall have been charged in his account in the exchequer; and also to pay unto all and every the lords of liberties, proprietors, or grantees, of pod fines under the crown, or to their lawful bailiffs or attorney, upon their producing respectively unto the said receiver, his clerk or agent, at his publick office, the respective schedules of the foreign apposer, or clerk of the edreats of the said court of exchequer, the several and respective sums of money in such schedules contained, and set over as poll fines to such Sureties to lords, proprietors, or grantees respectively; which said surety or uiitify them- sureties, shall respectively justify him or herself, before the baron reives. taking such recognizance, to be worth the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, over and besides all iuft debts and in cum-brances; and every such recognizance shall, with all convenient speed, after the taking thereof, be transmitted by the baron who mined t<£ and shall take the same to the King's remembrancer of the court of filed in, the exchequer, there to be filed and remain on record; and such rc-courtofexche- ceiver, and his said sureties, shall in all cases be respectively liable 3UW, '..to the amount of such penal sum, to make satisfaction to each

fi^ies^iable, respective sheriff, and also to the respective lords of liberties, in the penalty proprietors, or grantees, for all and every pod fine and pod fines of the recog-.which shall be received by such receiver, his deputy or agent, aance, to the^any levied of any lands, tenements, rents, or heredita-ofC liberties* «nta, within their respective sheriffwicks or libenies; and in proprietors, 'or case of the death or insolvency of any of the said sureties, at any grantees, for time after the entering into such recognizance as aforesaid, then the post fines onc or futtry or sureties in the room or place of him, her. Outlie death, or t^cm, so dying or becoming insolvent as aforesaid, shall, &c. of a sure- within the space of one month then next, enter into such recog-ty, a new one nizaoce as the said surety or sureties so dying or becoming into be provided solvent had entered into, andjudify himself, herself, or them-month.°nC m likemanner as is before directed in this act; indefault of

which the said office shall immediately ceal'e, determine, and be utterly void.

Time of re-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ceiver s atten- That from and aftdr the said fird day of Trinity term, every such dance at office, receiver* his clerk or agent, shall daily (Sundays and holidays ex-and delivery CCpted) attend at the said alienation office, from nine of the clock in the morning, tiH one of the clock in the afternoon, and shall deliver back every such writ of covenant as aforesaid, when the same shall be called for at the said alienation office, during the office hours herein before appointed for such receiver's attendant at the said office, within two days after every such poll fine lluU be paid thereon respectively, unless the last of the said

of the writs.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 14* 435

two days shall happen to be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the next succeeding day.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Receiver to every such receiver as aforesaid shall pay unto every sheriff of any pay the post of the counties, cities, or towns of England, his under sheriff or fines to the lawful attorney, oh his producing- his quietus, the several and re- p? pro* spective sums of money in the said quietus mentioned to have been by him accounted for in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the passing of his accounts as and for post fines of his Majesty's court of Common Pleas at Westminster\ and also in like and to the manner pay unto all and every lords of liberties, proprietors, or 1?rds of Kber* grantees, under the crown, of such host fines, or his or their bai- oenm-liffor lawful attorney, upon their pftducing the schedules of the tees* on pro-" foreign apposer, or clerk of the estreats of the said court of exebe- during the quer, the several and respective sums of money in the said sche- schedules of dules set and allowed to them as post fines; the said receiver de-dueling and retaining to himself^ out of every twenty shillings Receiver to which he shall so pay, the sum of six pence only, (or his trouble deduct 6d.in and attendance on the due execution of this act, and so in pro- the pound, an<| portion for any greater or less sum, and which he is hereby authorized and impowered to dedud and retain to his own life* him. P but neither the said receiver, nor any other person or persons whatsoever, for his or their attendance on such receiver, shall charge or be allowed any fee or reward for or on the account of doing any thing by this act directed, except the said fees to such receiver in this act particularly mentioned and expressed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of That if any person or persons from and after the said first dav of forging the Trinity term, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, mail Jf-mdor mark, make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, forged, or counterfeited, the mark or band of such receiver as aforesaid, whereby such receiver, or any other person or persons,

shall or may be defrauded, or suffer any loss thereby; every person or persons convicted of such offence, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Receirermad#

every such receiver refusing or neglecting to pay such post fines subjecto the to the said respective sheriffs, lords of liberties, proprietors, or grantees under the crown, or their lawful attornies or bailiffs, paying the "0* mall be subject to such order as the barons of the said court of post filesf exchequer of the degree of thecoif shall make for the payment of the same; and the said receiver, and every person or persons* and being who shall be guilty of any wilful default, extortion, or mifde- guilty of any meanor, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved treble damages with full blc damages.* costs, which shall and may be ordered and awarded by the barons of the court of Exchequer, upon application made to, and on due proof thereof made before them, in such summary way and method as to them shall seem meet; provided every fucfi.application Limitation of or prosecution be made within the space of two years next after prgfecutions,

F f 2 any

43$ Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 15. [1759.

Orders of the any such offence shall have been committed, and not otherwise; court inforc- an(j such orcjers Gf the said court of exchequer, so to be made as c*aforesaid, shall have the same force, virtue, and effect, and the

observance thereof shall be inforced by such ways and means, as any other orders of the same court.

Operation of

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority fine* in the aforesaid, That this act shall not any way alter the operation of court of Com- any which after the said first day of Trinity term, one thousand Ste^dby thi*seven hundred and fiftY nine, shall be levied in the court of Caw-aft. J mon Pleas at Westminster, or the course of passing fines in that court, otherwise than in and by this act directed.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, ju-fticcs, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An act for the letter preservation of tie turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS great sums of money have been expended in amending and repairing the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, yet the said roads cannot be kept in sufficient repair, and are in many places become ruinous by the great and excejfwe weights which the number of horses now allowed by lew to draw waggons and other carriages, enable carriers, and other persons using the said roods, to carry upon the same; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day Additional or September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, where tollof s*. per any waggop, wain, cart, or other carriage, is drawn by four or laid oiTa&f more horses, or other beasts of draught, it shall and may be law-waggon*, Sic. fal for all trustees or of appointed, or hereafter to drawn by four be appointed, by any act or acts of parliament, for the repair any highway or highways, in that part of Great Britain cal-e»m o and jC(j in the; r respective districts, or any five or more of

them, or any person or persons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, to demand, receive, and take, and they are hereby required to demand, receive, and take, at all the gates and bars that are or shall be erected for receiving and collecting any toll or duty, before such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any such toll-gate or toll-bar, over and above the tolls or duties already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the sum of five shillings fterfing for each horse, or other bead of draught, drawing any such waggon, wain, cart, of other carriage; which said additional toll or duty hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied upon any person who shall, after demand made thereof, refuse or neg-'; left

437

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 15.

left to pay the same, in such manner as any other toll or duty, payable at the same turnpike-gate or bar, is bylaw to be levied; and the money arising from such additional duty, shall be applied to the repair of the highway where the same shall be col-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 10 8- P?na, tr, That if any person or persons shall take off, orcaufc to be taken fcc.m off, any horse orhorses, or other bead of draught, from any a?oid the ad-carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the said ditionui toll, gates or turnpikes, vfith an intent to avoid paying the said additional toll or duty, each and every person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall forfeit and pay twenty shillings sterling; one half to the informer, and the other halt to be applied to repairing such part or pans of the said road, as the said trustees, of any five or more of them,

shall appoint.

III. And be it farther enacted and declared by the authority Travelling aforesaid, That every person who shall drive any waggon orj"* ftwer other carriage upon any part of any turnpike road, with more of the"* horses than such waggon, or other carriage, (halh on the same road than on (day, pass through any turnpike-bar or gate with, shall be deem- another jiable cd and adjudged to have taken off the said horses, with intentto forfc*t. to avoid paying the said additional toll or duty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, no waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, shall be drawn by more than eight horses, or other beasts of draught, upon any turnpike road, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on pain of forfeiting the sum of five pounds sterling for every such offence; one half to the informer, and the other half to be applied to repairing the road where the offence shall be committed, as the trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- $ach number

said. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be of horses may construed to extend, to restrain the owner or owners of any be used for carriage, or his or their servants, using or drawing with as many horses, or beasts of draught, as shall be necessary for drawing at the trustees' such carriages up any deep hill, as the said trustees, or any five by an order or more of them, within their respective districts, where such Pjir*

steep hills do lie, shall, from time to time, order and direct;

copy of which order and direction, under the hand of the clerk qof

of the said trustees, shall be kept by the person or persons im-order to be powered to levy the said tolls or duties, at the toll gate next ad- lodgedI with jacent to such nills; and shall, without fee or reward, be made ^hetoW^ patent to the owners of such carriages passing the road, or their 9

(cry^nts, requiring to fee the same.

Ff 3.VI, Prp-

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 15. I1759-

Waggon*, Ice.VI, Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

heeh* fore fa id. That nothing, in this act contained shall impose or be

w*construed to impose the bid additional duty on any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, the fellies of the wheels whereof are of the breadth or gage of nine inches, from side to side, at the least; nor on any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, or carrying employed in carrying one tree or piece of timber, one done or °fly °blblfcLk block of marble' or any machine or engine in one piece, which uo'Hiableto cannot be drawn by fewer than four hones*nor on any waggon, additional du- wain, cart, or other carriage, drawn by oxen or neat catde only, ty. or along with two borsea, and no more.

Caniages with

VII. And, for the farther encouraging the using of broad °£the wheels, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha tache«broad, ^rom*ter the fifft day of, one thousand (eves

drawn by 3'hundred and fifty nine, act waggons, wains, and carts, where* horses, to pay of the fellies of the wheels are of the breadth or gage of fix the toll only inches from side to side, at the lead, drawn by three horses, 0 tvo* mares, or geldings, shall only be liable and subject to payment of such toll or duty as is at present imposed, by the aids of parliament already made, upon waggons, wains, and carts, drawn by two horses.

Chaises, coaches, kc.

VIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in tbk ad contained shall be exempted, deemed or construed to extend to any chaise marine, coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, or calsflv.

Trustee* may

IX. And, for the better discovering and dete&in the off end-order wheels ers against this act, it is hereby further enacted, That it fcall to be measur* atul may be lawful to and for the trustees appointed, or to be ed* appointed, by any act or acts of parliament made, or to be

tnade, for the repairing or amending any highway or highways within that part of Great called Scotland, or any five or

more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by writing under their hands, to order the fellies of the wheels of all waggons, wains, carts, and other carriages, which are, or Ought to be, of the breadth orgage herein before directed and prefenbed, to be measured and gaged at any turnpike or toll-gate erected, or to be eroded, upon any part of the highway or- road, in or upon which such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, shall travel, pass, or bedrawn.

Carriages with

X. Provided always, That in case it shall appear to the satis-

wheels reduc. faction of the person or persons appointed to meafane and gage ed, by wear* the said wheels, that the fellies of the wheels of any waggon or thfn'ooeTach carriage, travelling or passing upon any such turnpike

allowed to'toad, were originally, and when first made, of the breadth of pids, 'nine or six inches respectively, and, by long ufageand wearing,

shall have been reduced to, and become of, less breadth or gage;

then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for such waggon or wheel carriage to travel, pass, or be drawn upon any such turnpike road, so as the fellies of all the wheels thereof respectively be not diminished more than one inch of the fall breadth required by this act.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 439

XI. And it is hereby farther enacted and declared, That if PeHbnt bin-any person or persons mall hinder, or attempt tb prevent or pb- <, er'Jg -the, struA, the measuring or gaging the fellies of such wheels, or wheeh?forWt shall use any violence to any person or persons employed or con- j!. sterling, cemed in such measuring or gaging, each and every person so offending, and being convished thereof before the md trustees,

or any five or more of them, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath the said trustees, or any five or mere of them, are hereby impowered to administer, shall forfeit and pay five pounds fterkng? one half to the informer, and the other half to be applied to repaving such part or parts of the said road, as the fiud trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties, not

That all tolls, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, bythisaAim- otherwise di-adfed, if not otherwise directed to be levied by this act, shall be !}?

levied by distress of the offender's goods and chattels, by war- y cant under the hands and foals of any two or more justices of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and the persons distraining for such penalties are Distress may hereby authorized-and impowered to fell the goods or chattels be sold, so distrained, and return the overplus money, if any there be, wpon demand, to the owners of such goods and chattels, after such foils, duties, penalties, or forfeitures, with the reasonable charges of such distress, shall be deducted and paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons ag-That if any person or persons shall think him or themselves grie«d may -aggrieved by any order or other proceedings of the said trustees aPP*

or justices, it (mil and may be lawful for him or them to appeal 2^2*rte*" to the justices of the peace for the county or place where the cause of appeal shall arise, in their general quarter sessions affetnbled, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the matter in dispute, and whoso order therein fttsll be final and ctodufive.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, against anions, any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premifibs, or any of them, every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within one month, after the faA done.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his sent Majesty, for the better regulation of lafiage and ballastage in the river Thames, and to prevent putting of rubbish, ashes, dirt, or foil, into the said river, and in the streets, passages, and kennel, in London, and in the suburbs thereof in Middlesex, in Westminster, and fycb fart of the duteby of Lancaster as is in Middlesex;

Act 6 Geo.

The recited act further continued, except where altered by this act, to «4 June, 1770.

3000 tons of dung, comport, earth, or foil, allow-cd to be yearly fbiDped as ballast, from any part of the river Thames;

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. Gwt6L [1759.

and far allowing a certain quantity of dang, eompvft,

earth, or foiU to be yearly Jhtpped as ballast from the hrj- stalls on London on board any collier or coasting vessel

WHEREAS an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of lastage and balfaftage in the river Thames, which was to sou-tinue in force from the first day of June, one thoujdni feveu hundred and thirty three, for five years, and from thence to the end of the tpen next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his find present Majesty, was further continued for seven years, and from thence to the end of the them next ftssion of parliament; and by an act made in the eighteenth year of the retgnof his said prefinf Majesty, was father continued for eleven years, and firm thence to the end of the then next ftssion of parliament; is near expiring: and whereas the find aft hath greatly tended to the preventing the frauds and ahufts tbmtefore committed by the batiaftmen employed under the master, wardens^ and -if the Trinity House c/ Deptford Strond in the anmty of Kent, and alfi fe the preftrvatkn of the navigation of x&e said river Thames, and the prmoting and encouraging the traieoftbis king* 4om, and for the maintenance and relief of decayed Aomen, their wives, widows, and orphans; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with thetdriee and con-lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the 'laid a St, and all every the powers, authorities, clauses, end previsions therein contained, other thanfuchas are herein after altered or amended, shall be and continue, and the same'is and are hereby continued, in force, from die expiration thereof, until: the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiior of parliament.

II. And, for the explaining and rendering more eftecbo*l the said fuft recked1 aft, and ascertasning the quantities of dung, comport, earth, or foil, which may be shipped, or transported as ballast, be; it therefore further chafed by the authority aforesaid, Thet from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fcytp hundred: and fifty nine, any raafter, owner or ovioers, of any ship or vessel, may ship, transport, and carry, in his or their " ship or ships, vessel or vefleis,ballast, from London, or any part of the river.7"hames, any dung, comport, earth, or foil, or any chalk rubbish, fope ashes, fope waste, flints* tobacco pipe clay, or other clay, or any other goods or commodities^ claimed to be furnished as ballast by the said corporation of Trinity Hotft (subject nevertheless to the payment of the rates and duties, and under the provisoes and restrictions herein after mentioned and Contained concerning the same) so that the whole quantity together of all dung, comport, earth, or foil, which shall be allowed to be shipped and transported for ballast as aforesaid, under the authority of this act, for the use of coasters and

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. i6. 441

colliers, or on any other account or pretence whatsoever, doth not exceed in any one year, to commence and be computed from the first day of June inclusive in every year, the quantity o .^of three thousand tons, over and besides the quantity of two °1(jes l000 thousand tons of dung, compost, earth, or foil, herein after tons from the (pacified and allowed to be shipped or put on board any coasting iayftallsin imps or vessels in the said river Thames, by the lessee or lessees, London» Occupier or occupiers of the laystalls.of the city of london (or rise tittle being, on the condition herein after mentioned; and and of chalk, i>al(b that the whole quantity of chalk and chalk rubbish which a"d chalk shall be shipped and transported as ballast, for the use of coasters '"'obldl3°°° and colliers in the said river Thames, doth not exceed the quan- on*tity of three thousand tons in any one year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid 5 and so Ukewife that the whole quan- an(j^tity of fope allies, and of all other forts of commodities as afore- ithes, laid, claimed to be fumiffied as ballast as aforesaid by the said000 tons* Corporation, and hcepfed by the authority of thisft to be shipped and transported as ballast as aforesaid, for the use of coasters and colliers in the said river, doth not exceed the quantity of two thousand tons in any one year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority Entry to be aforesaid, That before the m after, owner or owners, of any made of all fbipar vessel, shall permit any of the said commodities or things, ptaimed to be furnished as ballast by the said corporation, tq be.or shipped or put on board any such ship or vessel, every such master, 'owner or owners, shall make a due entry at the ballad office of the Trinity Hetfe'm. London, or with the offioer of the said Trinity

House at Gravesend (unless any of the said commodities at things

shall be shipped or put on board any ship or vessel as aforesaid an the last (even days of the month of May in any year, and then every entry thereof shall be made at the office of the Trinity House in London, and not in any other place) of all commodities and things as aforesaid which shall be shipped or.put on board any such ship or vessel as ballast, md. of the name of every such ship or vessel, and of the master, or commander thereof { and alfoj at the time of the making of every such respective eni and 1 d. per try, shall pay to the said corporation for such licence or author ton paid for a rity, one penny for every ton of the said commodities and things licence to the so to be entered as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ".JV That if any master. Owner or owners, or officer of any (hipor ° |/ uiy, 1 vessel, shall ship or put on board, or suffer to be shipped 107 put -

on board, any such ship or vessel, any of the commodities or things herein before-mentioned, specified, and enumerated, before every such entry and payment as aforesaid in respect thereof shall be made; or shall (hipor take on board any such ship er vessel, any greater quantity thereof than what shall befo enter- w-th^pd and paid for as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, every atty formtk-person who shall so offend in the premises, and be thereof con- ing a fraudu.

I vi&Cfi lent entry.

44*

Bricks, tyles, or lime, &c. may be shipped as ballast, duty-free#

Lighters and vends employed in the Dallaftage to be weighed, marked, and numbered, by the officers of the Trinity House

penalty of re* moving, defacing, or Counterfeiting, &c. the marks, 5l.

On fufpicjon of fraud, the lighters may pc reweighed

Anno cricesimo secundo Georgii II. C.t6. [1759.

victed in manner herein after providedr -diracted, Audi, far every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of ftve pounds.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, it shall be lawful for any matter or owner of any ship or vessel, from time to thne, to ship, trarrf-port, and carry, in any such (hipor vessel, as ballsft, from Leaden, or any part of the river Themes, any quantity of bricks, tyles, or lime, or any other merchandreeable commodities and things (other than and except such of the said commOdfaiesand things as are herein before enumerated and specified, and allowed to be taken or carried as batlaft) without paying may thing to the said corporation for the same.

VI. And whereas it is necessdry that the tighten, barges, or

fiis, in which any dung, compojt, earth, or Jail, shall be heeded, in order to be put on board any flhps or vejfiis, for the of <r

colliers in the said rii*er Thames, he weighed, marked, and numbered ', be it further enacted by the tutherity aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, no lighter, barge, or veflM whatsoever, shall beufedor employed by any person or persons, far carrying any dung, compost, earth, or (bit, on board any ship or vessel whatsoever in the fail river 'Thames, for the use of cottiers or colliers there, until every ftch lighter, barge, or -retie!, shall have been fkft weighed, marked, and numbered, by the said corporation of the Trinity House, and at their colts, or by some agent or officer who shall be appointed for that purpafe by them; and the said corporation, their agent or officer, is and are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, at fenfba-able times in the day-time', as they shall see occasion, to weigh every such lighter, barge, or vefftl, which shall he employed in the raid river Thames, for the earring any dung, compost, earth, or foil, on board any coafrer or collier in the said river $ and ftlfo to affix a gjuge math, by peunting the same, or otherwise, in (bme conmkuous place or places, at (he (tern and stem of every such lighter, barge, or vessel, as aforesaid, higher than the same shall fink into the water when loacted, denoting the exact tonage; and also the number of every such lighter, barge, or vessel, in a legible manner, and in large white capital letters and figures: and if any one shall offend in the premisses, or shall remove, alter, deface, or counterfeit, any gauge mark of any such lighter, barge, or vessel, as aforesaid, or the number thereof, which shall be set, painted, or affixed, by the said corporation, their agent or officer, on any such lighter, barge, or vessel every person to offending, and being thereof convicted in the manner herein after directed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said corporation shall have reaion at any time to suspect that the gauge mark of any such lighter, barge, of vessel, hath been removed, altered, or changed, then, and in

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16, 443

such case, it fall be lawful for the &d corporation, their agent or officer, at all times hereafter, at seasonable times in the day-time, and at the costs of the said corporation, to reweigh any such lighter, barge, or vessel (so as that no more than one such lighter, barge, or vessel, Stall be reweighed in any week) and in case upon the reweighing of any such lighter, barge, or vessel, the same shall be found to be of greater tonage than by the mark thereof, such lighter, barge, or vessel, shall be signified or denoted, and ought to be, then the person or persons to whom an<]^such lighter, barge, or vessel, which shall be so found to be of to forfeit $1. greater tonage than aforesaid shall belong, shall, for every such on conviction offence, on being convicted in manner by this act prescribed, of the offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

VIII. And wbtrtas it frequently happens that ships and vesselt

which come within the pert-of London, bring in them large tities of balias, which, for convenience of the masters or rumen of such ships- or vessels, and to save expense, are frequently unloaded and

thrown into the said river Thames, to the great prejudice and fruition of the navigation thereof: now, for preventing such/mnoy-ances for the future; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel, after the said twenty fourth Vessels to unday of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall load their hal> come into the said river with any ballast therein, no part of any iomo such ballast shall be unloacted, put, or thrown, from or out of ground*abo*e any such ship or vessel, into the said river, but all such ballast high water shal] be kid or put, at the expence of the owner or owners or mark mailer, of every such respective ship or vessel, on fotne common wharf or quay near to the said river, or on some ground or place abovhhigh water mark; or otherwise, shall be unload- <*.; nto lighted from every filcb-rdpedive ship or vessel, at the costs of the ersofrheTri-bwner or owners, master or commander, of every such said ship nity House or vessel, into ope or more lighter or lighters belonging, or which shall belong, to the said corporation, which the said corporation are hereby required to furnish and fend, oa any demand for the same being miwie, or left in writing at the fspd ballast office, by or on the behalf of every such owner or owners, or master of any such ship or vessel; and in case the said corporation, on any Trinity House such application or demand as aforesaid, shall refuse, or shall no- to furmfli gled to furnish and fend, sufficient lighter or fighters to take any fighter* ac-ballast from any such ship or vessel, according to the true meaning cord', ngty- °*! of this act, within the space, of three days after any fcich appli-aalt^ 50 cation or demand shall be a made to them for that purpose, then, and in every such case, the said corporation shall forfeit and.pay, for every such refusal or neglect, thq sum of fifty pounds; unless such refusal or neglect shall be occasioned by frosty or tempefty-ous weather, preventing such lighter or lighters from being navigated to take away the same; to be recovered by addon of Application of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's conns tlw penalty, of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, and no more than one imparlance shall be allowed one moiety of which penalty shall be applied to the use of the

444 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. t1759-

poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to the person who shall sue for the same.

be°r^d°6d'And k* lt farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, /#r ton, 1 for That the owner or owners, master or commander, of every ship balUft unload- or vessel, out of which any ballad shall be taken by any lighter ed into their or vessel belonging to the said corporation, shall pay to the said lighters. corporation the sum of six pence per ton, for every ton of ballad which shall be received by the said corporation out of any such ship or vessel, within the space of twenty four hours after any such ballad shall be carried away from, or out of, any such ship or vesselvby the ballad-men, servants, or agents, of the said corporation; which money, when received, shall be applied and disposed of for the use of the poor of the said corporation; and in case of nonpayment thereof, the same may be recovered for the use aforesaid, by action of debt to be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of the said corporation, against any such owner or owners, master or commander, of any such (htp or vessel.

Penalty of un- Am* be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That loading bal- if after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven latt otherwise hundred and fifty nine, any ballad, of any kind or denomination than is direa- whatsoever, shall be unloacted, put, or thrown, out of any ship ed by this act, ^vc{jy^ into t^e river Thames, or be unloacted, laid, or put on 5 \ any (bore, ground, or place, below the high water mark in the

fiiid river, then, and in any such case, the master or commander of every such respective ship or vessel from or out of which any such ballad dull be so unloacted, or put on any such shore, ground, or place, as aforesaid, bn being thereof convicted in the manner by this act prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of five pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and of tin- any P^00 or persons shall, at any time or times after the said loading or twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and throwing fifty nine, unload, put, or throw, into the said river Thames, rubbish, &c. any rubbish, earth, allies, dirt, or foil, from any wharf* quay, wharf3or or3an*c> adjoining or near to the said river Thames, or from or lighter, &c. out of any barge or lighter $ any person so offending, and who into the river, shall be thereof conviefted in manner by this act prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of forty shillings.

XII. And, to the intent that no greater quantity of dung, com-rpofl, earth, or foil, may be delivered or put on board any coajler or.(oilier, as or far ballast, than is allowed of by this afi, and that if

any greater quantity thereof than what it Jo allowed of shall be put on -board any confer or coajlers, difoovery may be made thereof; be it Dung, com- farther eaa&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after post, earth, 'or the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred foil, for bal- and fifty nine, no dung, compost, earth, or foil, shall be deli-laid on board vcret* "ito or put on board any such coaster or collier immedi-some°number- atc*T from laystall, wharf, quay, or other place on shore, p4 and mark- adjoining or near to the said river Thayer, apd that all dung,

COippofi?

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 445

comport, earth, or foil, which, after the salt] twenty fourth day lighter, of June, shall, in pursuance of this act, be delivered or put on J^cede-board any such coaster or collier as or for ballast, shall be taken leered on from the laystall* wharf, quay, or other place on shore, where- board the on the same shall lie, and therefrom shall be carried to every coaiter or such coaster or collier, in and by some lighter, barge, or vessel, colller* which shall be weighed, marked, and numbered, as by this act is directed, and shall be delivered or put on board such coaster or collier from such numbered and marked lighter, barge, or vessel only, and not in any other manner: and if any person or on penalty of persons shall offend in the premisses, he or they, on being the re- 51* of convicted as by this act is direct^ed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; one moiety Application thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the tncrcot. treasurer or treasurers of the said corporation of the Trinity House, for the use of the poor of the said corporation.

XIII. And whereas great quantities of rubbish, earthy sand, afbn, dirt9 filthy and foily are frequently put or thrown into the streets, lanesy and common passages, of the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and of the suburbs of the said city in the county of Middlesex j and also in the streets, lanesy and common passagesy of the city of Westminster, and the liberties thereof; and in such part of the /i-berty of the dutchy <?/Lancaster, as ties in the said county of Middlesex; and scavengers or rakers whose duty it it to cleanse such Jbreets, lanesy and common paffoges, their servants or labourers, and also other persons, do frequently sweep or put rubbishy earth, sand, afhesy dirty filthy and foilinto the kenhclt or channels in the said streets, lanes, and common paffagts, and by means thereof, such rubbish, earth, sandy ashesy dirty filthy or foily or part thereof, are frequently earned or forced down into the said river ^Thames, to the mamfejl prejudice of the said river y and the navigation thereof \ as well as to the annoyance of the docks and wharfs contiguous to the said river: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth Penalty oflay-day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, no lI$ rubb'fb» person or persons shall lay, throw, or put, any rubbish, earth, &c?Vn°anvof sand, ashes, dirt, filth, or foil, in any street, lane, court, com- the streets mon way, or pastage, within the said city of London, or the li- or common berties thereof, or in the suburbs thereof in the said county of ^ot}'

Middlesex \ or in any street, lane, court, common way, or paf- iter'or thel°

1 sage, in the said city of Westminster, or the liberties thereof; or suburbs therein such part of the liberty of the dutchy of Lancaster, as lies in of the county of Middlesex \ other than finch as is or are allowed by law to be laid or heaped up to drain, ready for the respective scavengers or rakers, within their several precincts, to carry away; or sweep, throw, carry, or otherwise put, any rubbish, Qffwe earth, sand, ashes, dirt, filth, or foil, into any kennel or chan- or throwing18 nel, in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof*; or in the any rubbish, suburbs of the said city of London, or the liberties thereof; br^c* in the said city of Westminster, or the liberties thereof; or.in' such afj7 °fth*

part of the lifcJcrty of the dutchy of Lancaster, as lies in the said K nnc

county

4 46

But none arc liable to forfeit for sweeping before their housea immediately after snow, thavj or rain.

Lessees and occupiers of laystalls to inspect the streets and common paf-(ages, and give information of offenders in the premiss;

and on performing thrif duty therein, they areallow-ed to ship an* ijually, as ballad, from any laystalls in London, acoo tons of dung, &c.

Axmortricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. [1759.

county of Middlesex \ other than such as shall be swept away by the respective inhabitants before their respective habitations: and if any one shall offend in the premiflks, and shall be thereof convr&erf in the manner by this act directed, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

XIV. Provided always* and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing before in this act contained shall extend to prevent any inhabitant within the limits herein before mentioned, or his or her servant, from sweeping immediately after snow, thaw, or rain, into any kennel or channel within the limits aforesaid, any ice, snow, dirt, or foil, which by means of any such snow, thaw, or rain, shall be before his or her house or tenement (other than and except rubbish which shall be cast out, thrown, or put, in any such street, lane, orpastage, within the limits aforesaid, from repaired or decayed buildings, or otherwise) or to inflict any penalty on any such inhabitant, or his 01 her servant, in respfcft to his or her so doing

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the lessee or Itffees, occupier or occupiers, for the time being, of the laystalls of the said city of London, and he and they is and are hereby required, either in-person, or by some proper servant to be deputed by him or them, and at his or their charges, to go about and inspetft the several streets, courts, lanes, and common passages, in the said city of London, and the liberties thereof, every day in the year (Sunday* excepted) and to give information from time to time to the mayor of the said city for the time being, or some alderman of the said city, of every person or persons he or they shall at any time discover or detect offending in the premisses, in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, contrary to the intent of this act, so that every person and persons so offending in London, or the liberties thereof, may be proceeded against, as by this act is directed, for every such offence.

XVI. And in case such lessee or lessees* occupier or occupiers* or his or their servant, shall duty* from time to time, make and perform the inspection hereby directed to be made, in London, and the liber-tin thereof according to the intent of this act* and give information against the persons found offending in the said city of London, and the liberties thereof to the mayor of the said city for the time being, or some alderman of the said city 3 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such lessee or lessees, occupier or occupiers, of the said laystalls for the time being, shall and may, between the first day of June* one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, and the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, ship, or cause to be shipped, from any laystall of the said city of London, as and for ballad, but on no other account or pretence whatsoever, on board of any collier, or coasting ship or ships, vessel or vefleis, in the said river, any quantity of dung* comport, earth, or foil, not exceeding two thousand tons in the wholes and aMb, shall and may, after the said first

day

447

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c*i6.

day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty, yearly in every year then following, ship, or cause to be shipped, from any laystall or laystalls of the said city of London^ as and for ballad, but on no other account or pretence whatsoever, on board any r collier or coasting ship, vessel or vessel$, any quantity of dung,

1 compost, earth, or foil, not exceeding two thousand tons.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, Thai such I*aid lessee or lessees,

1 occupier or occupiers, of the said laystalls, or the inspector or inspectors who shall be employed by or under him or them, shall but before

do his or their duty in the premisses, directed and intended by thipping there-this act, and shall yearly, after the said first day of Jwe> one °£ t!, ey are 10 thousand seven hundred and sixty, before the Shipping of any ttocare frwn part of the Aid additional two thousand tons of dung, compost, the mayor, earth, or foil, obtain a testimonial or certificate thereof, under and deliver the the hand of the mayor of the said city of London for the time athe being, and shall deliver such certificate or testimonial at the bal- baUaft office 5 I last office of the said mailer, wardens, and assistants, of the said i Trinity House* before the said first d^y of June in every such year, after the said first day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty and which said additional two thousand tons of the said quan-dung, compost, earth, or foil, shall be besides and exclusive of tny to be ex-i the said three thousand tons allowed by the said herein before re- c'^v[0°n/a|* pited act made in the Aid sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, iowecj by act

1 to be yearly shipped and transported as ballast; but such Aid 6 Geo. i. two thousand additional tons of dung, compost, earth, or foil, by this act allowed to be yearly shipped and transported, as aforesaid, are to be, and shall be, subject and liable to the like bat subject to i penalties, payments, orders, restrictioqs, and regulations, as in ll.ke i and by the said first herein before recited act are enacted and uon*9 declared, concerning dung or compost thereby allowed to be shipped or transported as or for ballast, other than such thereof as are altered or varied by this present act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, justicet, not i That any justice or justices of the peace, of the county, city, being mem-

division, or place, in which any offence as aforesaid for unload- ben of the itog, putting, or throwing any ballast from or out of any ship or vessel into the said river Thames* or for putting, unloacting, or Anders7on i throwing into the said river Thames* any rubbifo, earth, sand, theirovrn view ( asties, filth, dirt, or foil, from any wharf, quay, or bank, adjoin- and knowing to or near the said river, or from or out of any barge orledSc$ lighter, or for putting or throwing any rubbisti, earth. And, afttes, filth, dirt, or foil, in any street, lane, or pal&ge, in the said city of London*, or the liberties thereof, or in the said suburbs of the said city in the said county of Middlesex % or in thje Aid city of Westminster* or the liberties thereof, or in such part of the liberty of the dutchy of Lancaster as Iks in the Aid county of Mid- dltsex, except as herein before is excepted, or sweeping, putting, or throwing the same into any kennel or channel in the Aid city of London, or the liberties thereof, or in the suburbs of the Aid city in the said county of Afuldlesex, or in the city of Westminster* or the liberties thereof, or in such part of the dutchy of Lan-

4+8

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16.

[175$.

tajier as lies in the said county of Middlesex, except as herein before is excepted, by means whereof the same shall or may be carried or forced down any such kennel or channel into the £ud river Thames, shall be committed*, or wherein any such offender or offenders shall be found, such justice or justices (not being a member of the said corporation of the said Trinity House) is and are hereby authorized and required to convict any such offender or offenders on the proper knowledge or view of any (itch and bear all justice or justices \ and every such justice and justices is and art nffliabte by*hereby also authorized and required to hear all the offences pu-pecuniary pc- nifhable by this act by any pecuniary penalties, other than such uaJtic* (except are herein before directed to be recovered by action of debt, J.hcJf"ch arc bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of r^overed°ixi record at Westminster; and upon an information exhibited, or courts of complaint made, in that behalf, so that every such informatioa record) or complaint be exhibited upon oath before such justice or ju-

and upon dices, within seven days after any such offence shall be committed

fnformati4 n* (wh*ch oath such justice or justices is or are hereby impowered ifluTwarr^au an<* required to administer) every such justice or justices is and for appre- are hereby required, within their respective jurisdictions, to issue bending of- a warrant or warrants for the immediate apprehending of the fenders, party or part|C8 accused, and bringing him, her, or them, before any justice or justices, within his or their respectivejurisdi&ioa, to answer the matters of complaint to be contained in such war-which may be rant or warrants; and which warrant or warrants the person executed as and persons to whom the same shall be directed is and are hereby well upon the authorized and impowered to* execute upon the said river flloref* °n Thames* or on any (here adjoining thereto; and for that purpose

they, and every of them, is and are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, at all times in the day lime, to go on board any ship, vessel, boat, or craft, in the said river, for apprehending any such offender or offenders who shall be named in any such offender, when warrant or warrants: and on any such offender or offenders taken, to be being apprehended, he, she, or they shall, with all convenient carried*t>efore ty* be c*med before some justice or justices of the peace, hav-iome justice, ing jurisdiction in the premisses; and every such justice and ju-whoistofum. ftices, within his and their respective jurisdiction, is and are nton witnessei hereby authorized and required to summon witnesses within ju-and'^xarnme' r^hAion of such justice or justices, as shall be desired, on either them on oath, side, and, on their appearance, to examine them on oath (and which oath any such justice and justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) touching the premisses, and thereupon to hear and determine the same* and to give such judgment in the premisses as shall be just, and according to the roean-Penalty onng^this act: and in case the party or parties accused shall be conviction, comicted, upon the proper knowledge or view of the justice may be levied or justices, of any offence cognizable by this act, or upon or by by distress and the oath of any credible witness, or by his, her, or their ownalc' confession, and the penalty thereby incurred or forfeited shall not

immediately be paid on such conviction, the same shall be tc-cove.ed and levied by distress and sale, in the like<mahner as. any

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 449

of the penalties incurred and forfeited by the first-recited act are thereby <hre6fced to be recovered and levied by distress and sale;

and in case sufficient distress cannot be found whereon the same for want maybe recovered and levied, then such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, com- commit thepersonor persons who shall be so convicted to the haule mitted. of corredioitof the county, city, orpiace, where Auch any offender shall be apprehended, there to remain, without bait or main-prize, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until payment shall, before that time, be made, of the pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, or composition shall be made and accepted for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de- Inhabitants dared, That any inhabitant of the parish or place in which deemed com-any offence against this act shall be committed, shall, notwith- wlt* Handing such inhabitancy, be a good and competent witness.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where wit-That if any person who shall be so summoned as a witness or nesses refute to witnesses, as aforesaid, before any justice or justices, shall refuse

or neglect to appear at the time by such summons appointed, m^fd, and no just cause shall be offered for such neglectorrefufal; then

(after proof on oath of such summons having been duly served upon the party or parties* so fumiponed) every such justice warrants are and justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue tobeifluedout hisor their warrant under his hand and teal* or their hands and against them} feds, to bring every such witness or witrtefle* before any justice or justice: and if any such witness or witnesses, on his or.herandwherethey ! appearance, or being brought before airy such justice or justices, re^£eri*°

shall refute to be examined on oath concerning the premisses, ^be y, without offering some just excuse for such refusal, any such justice committed.

or justices, within the limits of his or their respedbu* jurisdiction, may, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands, and teals, commit any person or persons so refusing to be exa-, xnihed to the house of correction of the county, city* pr place, where any such person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than one week, as any such justice or justices shall direct.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Penalty of ( person who shall be summoned to appear and give evidence be- w*tners.

fore a justice or justieds of the peace, concerning any offence cog- th^umnfoni, nizable before him or them by this act, and shall refuse or ne- or refusing to gledi to appear according to such fuKttnOns, or appearing, shall give evidence,

refuse to give evidence, without offering some just cause} to be allow. 4°

ed of by such justice or justices, in excuse for such neglect or refute!, shall, on being convicted thereof by such justice or justices, forfeit and pay for every such neglect or refusal the sum of forty < shillings; to be recovered ai*d levied by distress and sale of the^\>t recover-goods and chattels of the party convicted of any such neglect or ed by distsefs refusal, in like manner asany oftier pecuniary penalty incurred and sale, under this act is hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and and oves that all money so forfeited, shall, when recovered, be paid and for the use of

Vol. XXII. G g applied the poor of the parish}

4|o Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. [1759.

applied for the afe of the poor the parish or place in which am but oath U to such mghd or refusal shall be made; but that no warrant shall toe made of be signed by a justice or justice of the peace for committing to "ithTncnSw, house °> coirediion any person who shall be coavidhed of fadi and want of7' neglect or refusal as aforesaid, until it shall have been, proved, distrda, be- by oath, to the satisfaction of fitch justice or justices, that the mo-fore warrant my forfeited by such nnlsft or nfulal bad not been paid and mrm kTiJwh likewise that no fuficient distress can be found, within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, whereon the meaty feited may be recovered and levied.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any per-back*war-r°n again^ whom*warrant (halt be issued by any justice or js-rantt of ap- ftices before or after cenvidtton as aforesaid, for any ofibnee a-ptrhension or gainst this act, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other'w; here county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the ju-or ood" shall of such person granting fetch warrant or wanamsasafoR-

be out of the $ or if the goods and chattels of any offender convicted of juri&iaion of any offbnee in pursuance of this act, shall be in a different cotm-. the person first jy, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, than when granting the ^say party wa? convicted, or warrant of distvefa granted; it m{ shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace cdt the comfy, riding, division, city, liberty, town, tar place, into which such person shall escape, either before or after oanvidb'on, or where his goods and chattels shall be after such conwdtion; and they and every of them are hereby requited, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of any justice or justices granting fetch warrant or warrants, to indorse his or their name or names on such wanrant; and the same, when ib indoried, shall be a sufficient authority to all peace officers to execute such warrant in such other county, ruling, division, city, town, or place, out of the jurisedl&ion of the person or persons granting and may hear the said warrant: and any justice or justices respectively, an the and determine offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before him thecomplaint, or them within their repetitive jurisdictions, may proceed to hear offender to the an^ determine the complaint in the same manner as if it had justice who originally arose within his or their respective jurisdictions, or granted the may direct the offender or offender* to be carried to the justice original war- or justices who granted the original warrant, to be deak with nat" according to law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be con-< vi<sted in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause every such

conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect foUmning;

Form of con- 7> wit, \ "D E it rememberetTbit en the 5 JD in the year his present Majestfs, A.B. before

of his Majesty's of the peace for the county »j or for the city of (as the safe shall happen to be) for and do adjudge him, her, or

this

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 451

third (as the case shall be) to say and forfeit for the same the fm of

1 Givert ttndet the day and

year aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it farther erfafttd by the authority aforesaid, So Certiorari 1 That no Certiorari, or other writ or process, for removal of any issuable to re-stich conviction, or any proceedings thereon, into any of his move the con- Majesty's Churis of record art fVefimlnfrer, shall be allowed or ciedinm pr°" t granted; and dwt no person who shall be prosecuted under this thereon, i skSf for arty offence committed against the same, and who shall None to be; be thereupon convicted, shall be prosecuted or convicted for any Pr°fc^ted a 1 ftJdr offence by or under any other law whatsoever. for the fwne

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offence, i That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures which shall incur Application of I rfnd become payable under at by throe of this act (the applica- the Pc«alt, e?»

cdtfon whereof to not herein before directed) shall, whenreco- dire^ed^ow*

Covered, go and be applied in manner following 5 that is to say, to be applied.

Where any person or pfeffbns shall be convicted under the authority of this act of the view of any justice or justices, then the whole money forfeited (halt go to the poor of the parish or place wheTe foeh offence shall be committed 5 and where any person or persons (halt be convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or his, her, or their own con-session, for any offence against: this act not done on the river Thames, one moiety of the penalty so forfeited shall go to the poor of the parish or place where any such offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to or for the use of the person or persons on whose information any such offenderor offenders shall be convicted; and where the party or parties shall be convicted for any offence committed against this act on the said river Thames, then one moiety of the penalty forfeited shall go to, and be applied for the benefit of the poor of the said corporation of Trinity House, mA the other moiety thereof to the person or persons on whose information any person shall be convicted for any offence committed against this act on the said river Thames.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby also enacted, justices may That it shall be lawful to and for any justice or justices of the mitigate the peace who shall cohvift any offender or offenders against this P^l^es, aft, from time to time, as he or they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any of the forfeitures or penalties incurred by any such convictron, as any such justice or justices in his or their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigation doth not extend to re- so as not to mit above one moiety of the penalty forfeited by any such con- remit above viction; and on the payment by the person or persons who shall °/lc moiety have been so convicted of the sum to which any such penalty ortbcrcof' forfeiture shall be so lessened or mitigated, the person or persons who shall have been so convicted, shall be acquitted and discharged of, from, and against, the penalty or forfeiture incurred by any such conviction.

452 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. [1759.

Persons

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That gneved, a&a if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves ag-may appeal to grieyed, or remain unsatisfied, in the judgment or determina-the general or tien of any justice or justices as aforesaid, then such person or 2onstCr Pcfsons shall or may, by virtue of this act, Complain or appeal °ns*to the justices of the peace at the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, city, or place, wherein such offence shall be Committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, the determi- and to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal9 and natbioilth[re which determination shall be final, and shall not be rernoveabie Penalties and by Certiorari or otherwise, into any other court; and in case costs a varded, of conviction, to issue a warrant for levying or compelling, by tube levied by the means by this act prescribed, the payment of the penalties distress $ and forfeitures hereby incurred, and the reasonable charges on any such appeal, if such charges at any such sessions shall be a-and for want warded; and in case of nonpayment, to commit the offender offende^to beor °5nc*ers> on whose goods no sufficient distress can be commited? C ma(^cs to the house of correction of the county, city, or place, where any Cctch offender shall be apprehended* there to remain without bail or mainprise, and be kept to hani labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until payment shall, before that time, be made, of the pecuniary penalty or forfeiture incurred, and the reasonable charges of every such appeal, if the same at any such general or general quarter session of the peace, shall be Ordered to be paid, or composition shall be made and accepted for such penalty or forfeiture and charges.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

Comnience- fey ^hat the several clauses, powers, penalties, forfeitures, ment and con*.. f r

tinuance of provisions, and matters, herein before contained, shall confc-

this act, nue in force and be executed from and after the respective commencements thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Limitation of

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, Thai actions. any salt or action shall be brought or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing done or to be done in purAiance o; this act; in every such c$le, the action or suit shall be commenced within six months after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or I place, where the cause of action arises, and not elsewhere; and I the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the General issue. general issue, not guilty, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; ( and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or suit| shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or it the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall becdtfte nonsuited, or suffer a dii-centinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a ver-Shall pais against the plgiqtiflf or plaintiffs* or if* upon demurrer-

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 17. 453

murrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have Treble costs. such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and all judges, justices, and other persons, are to take notice hereof.

CAP. XVII.

An act for obviating a doubt with respect to the summoning of persons for offences committed against, or forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been doubted? where the commissioners of excise and justices of the peace have respectively issued out any summons for the appearance of persons offending against, or for forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excise, or other laws made for col-letting and securing the several other duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, which hath been left at the house or usual place of residence, or with the wife? child, or menial servant of such persons? whether the same Should be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient summons? and as legal and effectual a notice, as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper hands of such person or persons? to whom the same was or were directed: now, in order to put an end to such doubt 5 be it hereby enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Summons less liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every* tl'e such summons, so left as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a good of residence and sufficient summons, and a^ legal and effectual a notice, as of the party, if the same had been actually delivered to the proper hands of deemed legal such persons to whom the same was by name directed. notice.

II. And for the future, it is hereby enacted, That in all cases in ass cafcs rc. relating to the excise, or to any of the other duties, which now rating to, the or hereafter may be under the management of the commission- wile, /um-ers of excise (except where particular provisions and directions are or shall be enacted f for summoning offenders, or for con- right or*demning of seizures made from persons unknown) the leaving assumed name, such summons at the house, workhouse, warehouse, (hop, cel- or left at his lar, vault, or usual place of residence of such person or persons, ^ifidence^ °* directed to such person or persons, by his, her, or their right or WQ

adorned name or names* shall be deemed to be, and is hereby notice, declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice and summons, to Exception: all intents and purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the same shall be designed, and as if the same was directed to the party or parties to and for wfiom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their, proper nauie or names.

1*54 ^159 trfe&no JGfcyncjlp £eo$g*i A j 8. t^-759*

CAP. XV.

«L yf« /<? continue so much of m aS tnqdp in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Mqjqfty* tfs relates ta> tbt further fuwjbtpent of performs going firpted or difg#iff& r* dpfam of tbt laws of ettfioms or ex rife \ and to the rtbtf of the officers of the customs in informations upon fei % uns \ and to appropriate certain penalties mentioned in an a3, made in the last feffiop of pafliaspept, fop tbt due mttkrig; of bntfid v and to regulate the prise apd fijfm thereof i find.to punishpersons who shall adulterate QtpkffW* of* breed-

WHEREAS the law here after mentioned, hath, by

r c. W rience, been found useful, and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act made in the Act jo Geo a. nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

9*An act for the further punishment of persons going armed or disguisti,

in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; and for indemnifying offenders egainst those laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for relief of officers of the customs in informations upon feizurts, which act was to continue in force for the space of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; as relates to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, 2nd to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon feizqrts; which, by an act made in the twenty sixth year or the reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the expirapea thereof until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the-end of the then farther conti. next session of parliament, shall be further continued from the nued to 29 expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September 00c

8 pr. 1764. thousand seven hundred and forty four, and from thence to the

end of the then next session of parliament,

II. And whereas several of the penalties or forfeitures made payable by an act passed in the thirty first year of his prefini; Majesty \ Act 31 Geo. . reign, intituled An act for the due making of bread? and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to puniftl persons who shall adulterate meal, flour or bread; were noth} fitch said mentioned ail appropriated how or to whom the same Should, when paid or recovered, go or be distributed; be it therefore further enacted Distribution of by the authority aforesaid, That such of the penalties or for-priated^penal- ^e, tures which, from and after the twenty fourth day of Juneonc ties and for- thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall incur or become futures under payable by or under the said last mentioned act, or by reason of tue said act; any thing therein contained (as by the said act are not particularly

455

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 19.

i larly dUposed of, or appropriated, how or to whom the same

Should go or be applied) shall, when the same shall be recovered or paid, go* and be distributed, in manner following; that is to Qnt

I say. One moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders shall l^\0 the^ro" I be conviAcd, either by his, her, or their own confession, or by fecutor, where I the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall go the offender I and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform against, Coath

j apd prosecute to conviction, any such offender or offenders; and & fcjf confef- the other moiety thereof, and also all penalties and forfeitures, fan?

which, from the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand and the other I seven hundred and fifty nine, shall incur, be due, or payable,

; under the said last mentioned aA, on the weighing, trying, or on\!Sghing,

I feieure of any bread, by any maeistrate or magistrates, justice or trying, or ju dices, shall go and be applied for the better carrying into exe- seizure of'curion the purposes of the said last mentioned aA, as any such magistrate or magistrates, iuftiee or justices, within his or their jJJc^purposes respective juriCii&ion, shall, from time to time, think fit, and as the magi-i order. \ strate shall

CAP. XIX.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirtieth year 1 ef his present Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bends, and other deeds; and upon newspapers, advertisements, and almanacks \ and upon licences for retailing trine; and other purpefes in the said act mentioned; so far as the same relates to same provisions with regard to licences for retailing, wine; and to preserve the privileges of the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, with respell to licences for retailing wine.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for granting to AA 30 Geo. s. his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying from a certain time the sums of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions by annuities, to be charged on the said rates, duties, and sums of money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation f attornies and solicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing afr- lavits of the execution of contraAs of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contraAs of clerks and apprentices; it was amongst other Recital of a things entitled, That from and after the fifth day of July one thousand cUule in the seven hundred and fifty seven, no person whatsoever, un'efis authorized said act. and enabled, by tatting out such licence as is therein prescribed, subject

45^ Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 19. [1759.

to the payment of such duties as are therein respective'ty charged thereupon, Should fell or utter by retail (that is) by the pint, quart, pottle, or galion, or by any other greater or lesser retail measure, or in bottles, in any left quantity than Should be equal to the measur of the cask or vessel in which the same Should have been or might lawfully be imported, any kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called or reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit for every such off erne, the sum of one hundred pounds: And whereas the said penalty of one hundred pounds tnflifted by the said recited act of the thirtieth year of his present Majeshfs reign, on all persons felling wine, or other liquor tailed or reputed wine, by retail, without a licence, in many instances is found to be attended with great inconvenience, and the greatest circumstances of hardship, and scarce ever to be recovered, on account of the largeness thereof-, and which said penalty the commissioners for management of the said duties are not invested with any power to mitigate: now therefore, be The commis. it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with sioners are im- the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and powered to commons, in this present parliament assembled/and by the an-Seirdifcre- thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tien, the iool. the commissioners for management of the said duties, or any two penalty in the of them, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen the said recited Claude; penalty of one hundred pounds already incurred, or hereafter to be incurred by all or any person or persons whatsoever, by virtue or in consequence of the said recited act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as they in their discretion, shall but the cods think (it; the reasonable costs and charges of the officers and in-ar.d charge* formers, as well in making the discovery, as in the prosecution .*" informa* Of the fame^ being always allowed over and above such mitiga-[ lT £[° c' tien; any thing contained in any former act of parliament to me -i to be allow- contrary notwithstanding.

ed over and a-

II. And whereas doubts and difficulties havearifenon the fendreesied mi aft oft he thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, whether wine

5a 1 n# merchants and other persons applying for a number of tvim licences at

cue time, for enabling divers persons to sell wine by retail, were or are intitled to the benefit of the frjeral discounls, drawbacks, and allowances, usually made and allowed to persons paying for a number of stamps at the same time, amounting to ten pounds; and upwards: Now therefore, for obviating such doubts and difficulties for the future, be it enacted by the authority a foresaid, That no person or persons whatsoever paying for any number of wine licences at

ce* "tcTteal1* Cne anc* ^amc t, mc» or at ^ffc, ent times, shall be intitled to 1 a*any discount, drawback, or allowance whatsoever, for or on account of such payment for any number of wine licences whatsoever; but that the said duty irhposed by the said in part recited act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign on wine licences, shall be paid by all persons applying for the same, clear of all discounts, drawbacks, and allowances whatsoever; any thing contained in any former ad\ of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

1(1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That person or persons whatsoever beertfed, pr to beticensed, by '*vir-

No discount or drawback of the duty

lo*ed on taking out any number thereof.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2o. 457

virtue of the said in part recited act of the thirtieth year of his One licence to present Majest/s reign, to retail wine, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one place, house, (hop, vault, cellar, Retailers to warehouse, or other place, for felling or uttering wine by retail; have the word and that every retailer of wine shall cause the word WINE to be cx'

written or expressed in legible characters, either on a sign hung fans or out, or in some visible place in or near the door in the front of houses, &c. his or her house, (hop, vault, cellar, warehouse, or other place, made use of for the retailing of wine, to denote that such retailer is a dealer in wine, and subject and liable to take 0 pcniUty of out a licence for the retailing thereof; and if any person or iol. persons shall presume to fell or utter wine by retail, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every person so offending (nail, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered in the same manner as the penalty inflicted of persons for felling wine by retail without licence is di- subjc<9t hptp-rected to be recovered; subject nevertheless to the like power of e.vcr mjt*g* mitigation to be exercHed by the of of stamp duties, coimifl^ners as in this act is before reserved and prescribed with regard to the penalty for felling wine by retail without licence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- privileges of rity aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former act of parlia- the two uni-ment, relating to wine licences, shall in any wise be prejudicial verfities refer-to the privileges of the two universities in that part of Greatvcd tothcrA* Britain called England, or either of them, or to the chancellors or schhlars of the same, or their successors, but that they may use and enjoy such privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for enforcing the execution of the laws relating to the militiaj and for removing certain difficulties, and preventing inconveniencies, attetwngy or which may attend, the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain counties, ridings, and places, within that part of Great Britain called England, have made some progress in establishing the militia, according to the regulations and directions of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's retign3 inti- Act 30 Geo. 1. udedy An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England^ and of an act passed in the thirty first year of his Majesty's reign* intitu- and ji Geo. 2. kdy An act to explain, amend, and enforce the said act j but have not yet cotnpleted the same: And whereas, in certain other counties^ The recited ridingsy and places, little progress has been made therein\ his Maje- and this jlys lieutenantr, and the deputy lieutenants9 and all others within such counties y ridingsy and placesy are hereby strictly required speedily and J^d/execu.0 diligently to put the said acts, and ffris act, in execution: And, for non in such removing certain difficulties y and preventing inconveniencic^ at tending y counties, Arc* or which may attends tb* epytut&n $ the said acts\ be it enacted by the Ring's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and bee^diade

COO- therem.

45*

Aon? tricesimo fitcuodoGKOJWii II. c.io.

[1759.

the deputy lieutenants.

SuSdivision

con fern of the lord* spiritual and temporal, and fawwona, in this present parliament assembled, and by thp authority of the A general same. That in every county, riding, and place, within the part meeting to be Of Great Britain aforesaid, it shall be lawful far his hdajeuy's

lieufcsnaot tqgeshcr wkh any two or more deputy lieuleaaats, r^ulating the and on the death or removal, or in the absence, of his Majesty's fuSdivision lieutenant, or the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of meetings of them, at a general meeting to be held after reasonable notice thereof given by his Majesty lieutenant, or by any two deputy lieutenants, to appoint subdivisions of the deputy lieutenants within their respective counties^ ridings, and places, aaid the tipaes and place* for their tirft meetings within the bii futxKvi-fions i and oho to change or alter such fobdivisions* or any sub-meetings may divi^on or subdivisions now appointed therein, whenever they shall find it coavenieru so to do; any thing in theiaid acts, or found convc. either of them, cewtaiaed to the contrary notwithstanding. niem. And be it enacted, That if it Sail happen that there {hah

When a foffi- not appear at any fobdivision meeting, «wfficient number of rifn* "ur"ber deputy lieutenants, and justices of the peace, to ad, the clerk appear at any meet'ng shall, by notice given in writing to all the deputy

subdiviTiwn lieutenants within such fobdivision, appoint another meeting to meeting, the be held within fourteen days, at the same place where fisch meet-clerk ia to ing had been before appointed to he held, giving at kail rive another meet- fast Ot*0C thereof,

ing to be held within i4day> after.

Deputy lieu- JU* And be it enacted, That the deputy lieutenants, or any tenants and three or more of then, or any two deputy lieutenants, together justices are with any one justice of the peace, of any one deputy lieutenant, annually to together with any two justices of the peace, in their several fiib-defLribed by* dhrifions, shall annually ceofe the lifts of such persons in the Act 31 Geo. a. several parishes, tythines, and places, within the lame, as are in to be returned the Aid£t passed in the thirty first year of his Majesty's reign to them so described, to be made, and to be returned to them at their meet-(ion meerineV "'S* hbin the re^xctive subdivisions, on such days, and at sc the times*such places, itspectively, as his Majesty's lieutenant, together and places ap- with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death or pointed at the removal, or in the tbfence, of his Majesty's heutenaat, dny foe*'* meet* t*, ree more deputy lieutenants, food, at« general meeting, and all other appoint; and that in the ordering, making out, and disposing the regula- of, such lifts, and copies thereof, and ulfo in all particulars fab-tiens, provi- sequent to such firii return lb made, so much of the said last- rations of the "'entioned act as relates to the method tobeobserved in retum-said act, subse- ing, amending, and disposing of, the find lifts, and copies quern thereto, thereof, and to the appointing, choosing, summoning, and and required inrolling, the militia men, and their fubnitutes, and admini-° foeveai-^CT, n8 t*ieoat*1 therein directed to be taken, and to the punish-»7j«, are to 'ng persons refusing or negleSing to take the said oath, or to b. duly com- provide fabstitutes, and to the exemption of certain persons plied with, ' from fervirtg in the militia, and to the appointing general meetings, md all fobdivision meetings after the said lira subdivision Zb requWc; meetings, -'and is-by the said Stt required to be observed in the'year

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. 459

year pne thpuf^nd seven hundred and fifty eight; Ibafi be otw Served and executed, either in the whole, or in part, as the cgft shall require, until all the regulations, provisions, and directions, therein and herein contained, and which relate to the purpose* ., aforesaid, be fully completed and performed: and that thereafter the mShodTn the method in the said act, and this act, prescribed for the per* this and the formance of all the particulars here mentioned, shall be annually raid aft pre-observed for and during the continuance thereof. (bribed, is to

IV. And be it enacted, That each person liable to serve in the militia having more than one place of residence, shall be Militia man deemed to be, and shall serve as, a militia man within the having more county, riding, or place, where he shall have been first chosen by

lot. dence to

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the mayors, serve where bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief he was first magistrates and officers, of cities, towns, parishes, tythings, villages, and other places, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, and, in their default or absence, for any one justice of the billet serjeants

peace inhabiting in or near to any suchcity, town, parish, ty- and drum-

thing, village, or place, and for no others, and they are hereby ers "*

required to quarter and billet the serjeants and drummers serving andaie-hou-1

in the militia, in inns, livery (tables, ale-houses, victualling- fCSf &c.

houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail; the occupiers whereof are hereby Convenient

required to provide for such serjeants and drummers, at such lodging* to be

times for which no provision has by law been made for thattound them#

purpose, convenient lodgings only.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the estates re* (Nullifications quisite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers ot officers in of the militia, in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge* shall the, flc E y*be as follows; a deputy lieutenant shall be seised or possessect, for a deputy either in law or equity* for his own use and benefit* in po&ifion lieutenant of a freehold, copyhold, or customory estate for lifo or for same yo°l- P*rim* greater estate, or of an estate for some longterm of years, determinable on onp or more lift or lives, or of an estate for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years, or more, and renewable* over and above all rents and charges payable one of, or in respect of, the same* in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England* IValeor the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds \ a captain shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a hke estate for a captain as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or be tool. per aniu heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, seised or poueffed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of t\yo hundred pounds; a lieutenant or ensign shall be, in like for a i; eute-manper, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the nant or ensign yearly value of fifty pounds; or be heir apparent of a person who 5°1« P*r ann. dull be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds: one half of A moiety ot all which estates respectively shall be situateorarifing within theall cftalcs to said WJe; and in case any person shall act as a deputy lieutenant, aHfineawnt°hin

or the said iste.

4$o Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 21. [1759.

penalty of or officer of the militia, in the said isle, who shall not be re-notqualifi^l flp*vclyqualified as aforesaid, every such person shall be subject and liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as any person is

subject and liable to foraging as a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, within any other part of the said county of Cambridge, not being qualified according to the directions of the said recited acts; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance of the act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall an(j remajnm force, for and during the continuance of the said recited acts, and no longer.

CAP. XXI.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, from the thirty first day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, to the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred - and sixty.

[Preamble.]

Treasury to repay the 1, 33a!. ics. advanced by his Majesty, in pursuance of the add refs from the commons. The money received to be accounted for to the receivers general of the land tax. Treasury, upon certificate that the number of officers and private men required in a regiment or battalion, are inrolled, &c. are to issue warrants to the receivers general for pay of the militia, four months in advance. The rates of pay to the adjutant) to non-commission officers, and private men j to the clerk of the battalion or regiment; apd to the clerks of the general or subdivision meetings: rates for cloathing* Warrant to be delivered to the lieutenant of every county, $: c. where the rqilitia has been already cloathed, for payment of the rates for the additional cloathing, Warrants also tq be issued for making the regular payments and issues, without new certificates from the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants for that purpose. The money to be paid tovthe clerks of the battalions, and four months pay in advance, to be paid within 14. ijavs alter the expiration of every three months. Clerks receipts to be a discharge to the receivers general. Clerk to pay one month's pay in advance to the adjutant, 14 days to the serjeant major and drum major, and two months in advance to each captain for his company. Captain to account yearly to the clerk for the pay of his company, and pay over the balance$ money allowed for contingent expences, excepted) which is also to be accounted for annually, but the balance to be applied to the general use of the battalion. Clerk to retain money to make good his own salary; and discharge the cloathing account. Allowance of 5l. 58. to be paia to thederks of the general meetings, and of il. is. to the clerks of the subdivision meetings, for each meeting. Clerk of the battalion to give security. The bond to be lodged with the receiver general, and on nonperformance of the conditions to be put infilit by him, who is to receive full costs of suit, and 5l. percent, of ybemaney recovered thereon 3 residue to be accounted for to the auditor r, of the exchequer. Clerk of the battalion to render an account to the re-

ceiver general of the monies received and disbursed, with vouchers for the same, and pay over the balance; the said account to be transmitted to the auditor. Lieutenant neglecting to take proper security, or lodge the same with the receiver general, is made answerable for any k>(s of the publick money. Recovery of penalties, Sec. No Ice to be paid for issuing warrants for payment of money.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 22. 461

CAP. XXII.

An act for adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand fev$ri hundred and fifty seven, to the joint flack of three per centum annuities % confclidated by the aits of the twenty fifths twentyeighth, and iwnib ninth, years [of his present Majefl/s reign;and for carrying the fevered duties

therein mentioned to the sinking fund\ and for (barging the annuities on single lives, granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, on the produce of the said fund.

WHEREAS, in pursuanct of an act of parliament made mD

the thirtieth year of his present Majeflfs reign, intituled, plnl} An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon: atf-oGCO<, indenture^, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and/upon news papers, advertjfepients, and almanacks; and upon, licences for retailing wipe^and jupon coals exported to foreign; palts; and.! -

(or applying, foracertaintime, the (urns of money arising: from the surpluspf the duties on licences forretailingipirituous: liquors.; and for raifxhg the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the said rates, duties, and sums of money; and for making perpetual an a<$ njade in the.ftcoiwJ Jeaf of the — ?\*.' reign of, his present Majesty, intjtuled, An act for the fatter regulation ofattorniet and solicitory i, and for enlarging the time for \ '

ItliM affidavits of thejexccution of contca^Sof dcrka to attorniei apdfqlickorsv; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to bqpaid for the indentures and contra&£<of cjcrkaahd appren-; tices; several persons, bodies politick or, ccrpor4te.j hafy.advanced/ and Ignt tb$ sum-of three millions upon Jke credit of tinfiverdl rath, -'-r,duties, and sums of money, by the said Oft granted, frcAkeXpuxchaft /j

of annuities after the rate of three pounds centum pecanntim, 1

transerrable at the bank of England* and redeemable by parliament; and also of annuit ies m single lives, payable af the receipt of the exchequer in respect of the same: and whereas it is thought neussary that the said principal sum of three millions Should be (with thervrfent of the proprietors thereof, to be signifed within the time herein after mentioned) added to, end made a part of, the joint stock of three pounds per centum transferable annuities at the bank of England; and that the charges and expence $ in respect thereoffiould be charged upon, end paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the same and like manner as the annuities aforesaid are paid and payable; and that the several annuities on single lives, payable at the exchequer in respect of theafart said three millions, Should likewise be charged upon, and made payable out of,: the produce of the said sinking fund; and that the several rates, duties, and sums of money, which by the said act were made a fund for payment of the said three pounds per centum annuities, as also ifthe several annuities on single lives, Should be carried to, and made a part of, the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: may it

a

The sum of 3, oooo, ooool. borrowed by virtue of the recited act,

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 22. f 1 9.

therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted > and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majo-fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lonfs spiri^tuil and temporal, and commons* in this preterit parliament aticin-Wed, and by the authority of the same, That from and after, the fifth day of January orte thousand feV£fi hundred add fifty nine, the principal sum of three millions borrowed by virtue of t be dded* before recited act* carrying an intlreft after the rale of by consent of t^ree^ pounds per untum per annum, payable at the bank of Eng-the proprie- land* shall, with the consent of the proprietors as aforesaid, be tors, to the ', L 'v

joint (lock of 3l. per cent, consolidated annuities transferrable at the bank$

added to, and mad! a part of, the joint (lock of three poudds per centum transferrable annuities at the bank of England, cortfo-Hdatod by the act* made iti the twenty fifth, twenty eighth* and twenty ninth, years of his present MajestyV reign, and shall be transferable at the bank of England; and the charge and ex-peaces in respect thereof shall be charged upon, and ped out of, out of thcad t*l° commonly called The Sinking fund, until redemption

sinking fund: thereof by parliament, in the same and like manner as the annuities consolidated as aforesaid are paid and payable; any thing in the said act made in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty* reign to the contrary thereof ki any wise notwithstanding.

And such as

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That shall not enter such proprietors who shall not, on or before the twentieth day their difient of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, figtiify their itccT to beDC ^iflent to ft10*1 consolidation as aforesaid, in books to be opened deemed assent- at the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemed ' and ing thereto, taken to assent thereto* any thing to the contrary thereof in trtf wise notwithstanding.

The life annu-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Whereupon from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, the several annuities ori single lives by the said act granted, payable at the exchequer in respect of the aforesaid three millions, shall be charged upon, and made payable out of, the produce of the said fond commonly called The Sinking Fundi any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thTadfttfonal That all the monies which have arisen since the fifth day of % -stamp duties, nuary one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, or that shall or may hereafter arise, of the produce of the several additional stamp duties on pamphlets and printed papers, the additional duty on coals exported, the surplus on the new duty on licences for retailing wine, and the surplus on the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, which were made a fond for payment of three pounds per centum per annum at the bank of England, wine licences, on three millions borrowed by virtue of the said act made in the and retailing thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, towards the qKmnted fbpply or the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, by a&fo Geo. 3. of the annuities on single lives, payable at the receipt of the exchequer in respect of the same, shall be carried to, and

made

to be also paid out of the sinking fund.

the duty on coals exported, and surplus of the new duty on

*7590 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33.

made a part of, the fund commonly called Tbf Sinking Fund $ Life annuitie* amd the same shall be deemed and taken0 b* part of the said'1, rrt'upon*'to sinking fond, and shall be 1 filled and applied to such uses and putpofea as the fevtrai ewcwfles, surplu fifes, or overplus monies, tund and ap. eompofitig the said sinking fiind, are or may he issued. and applied accord* plied; any thing in the said before recited a<Sl to the contrary "'S'y* thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

/in all to centime Jh'eral lotos therein relating to

the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported, to the encouragement of the flk yiMMf43ureSr\ and for taking off, several duties on chandize exported) and reducing other duties; the premium upon moss, yards, and bewjprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to fhi encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, to the securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; and for enlarging the time for payment »fthe duties omitted to be paid and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or and also

for making affidavits of the execution of articles or con- trails of clerks to attornies or follicitors, and fling the re-

WHEREAS the law? herein after mentioned, which have by preamble.

experience been found ufefld and bntefkiaU are near expiring: may it therefore please your moit excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's trioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual aiul temporal, and commons, in this 'prifent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a clause in an actn

made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act to settle the trade to \ng toadraw-Africa 5 for allowing, during a limited time, a drawback of the back of the duties Upon the exportation of copper bars imported; and duties upon which dause was to continue in force for the term of thirteen ££?* bars> years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of 05*parliament; and which clause, after the expiration thereof, was, by an act* made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a proviso in the last mentioned act* contained. That no drawback should be allowed on the exportation of any copper, but such as had been or Should be imported from the East India and the coast of Barbary only; and which said clause and proviso, by several and the provi- subsequent acts of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late°in* majesty King George the First, and of the fifteenth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, were continued until the twenty fourth day of Juncy one thousand seven hundred

464 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 23. f 175$

and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then further conti- next session of parliament*shall be, and the lame are hereM nued to 14. further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty] June, 1766. fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of piuilament.

Part of aft

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai ? Geo. i.relat- f0 mUch of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of hit c^uragementate maJc^y King George the First, for the encouragement of of the fille ma- die silk manufactures of this kingdom; and (or taking off fcve-oufactures, ral duties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the do-further conti- ties upon beaver skins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs, June n 6S imported; and for importation of all furs of the product of the J*7 British plantations, into this kingdom only; and that the two corporations of assurance, on any suits brought on their policies, shall be liable only to single damages and costs of iuit; as relates to the encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off several duties on merchandizes exported$ which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts made in the Seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, and twenty sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

So much of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the act 1 Geo. That so much of an act made in the second year of the reign of ». &c. as re- hj$ present Majesty, for the better preservation of his Majesty's mhTmTon^ woods in America, and for the encouragement of the importa-roafts, tar, and tien of naval stores from thence; and to encourage the impor-pitch, &c. tation of mails, yards, and bowsprits, from that part of Great continued to Britain called Scotland; as relates to the premiums upon masts, ^4. June, 176 yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine, which was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, for the term of thirteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of his said' Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day erf* December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by anotjier act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty fifth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and

1759 3 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. cr2j.

fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be* and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of Juniy one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. Provided, That no bounty shall be paid upon any tar, Quantity of

unless each barrel shall contain thirty one gallons and one half; tar in each and that the officers who survey such barrel, shall not survey barrelintitled the same, till the water shall be all drawn off, and every barrel ^ef^than filled up with tar* gallons.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ad 5 Geo. a. an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Maje-forencou-lly, for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plan- ragiat? the tations in America, which was to continue in force from thef^ contU twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and nued to* thirty five, until the twenty fifth day of Marche one thousand June, 1766, seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several sub-sequent acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, and twenty fifth years of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliamentj shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act 19 Geo That an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his for securing present Majesty, for the more effectual securing the duties now

payable on foreign-made sail cloth imported into this kingdom; r^cf^hhn-and for charging all foreign-made fails vy^h a duty 3 and for ported. See. explaining a doubt concerning ships being obliged, at their first continued to setting out to sea, to be furnished with one complete set.of fails4 June, 1766* made of British sail cloth; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day ofsuns, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. v

VII. Andy for the relief of persons who through neglect or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several rates and duties upon money give/ty paid, contracted, or agreed for % with or in relation to any clerky apprentice, or servant, who hath been put or placed to or with any wafer or mifrefs, to learn any proftjfun, trade, or employ ment, and to have the indenture or other writing which contains the cove-

articles* contrails,r agreements, relating to tbs service ef any such clerks apprentice,r servant, stamped within the time by the several aits of parliament for those pwfofes respectue-ty limited,r who have neglected or omitted to insert and write h words at length, in any such indenture, if/A/r writings as of ere-y&W respeilivdy* the full sum or sums of money received, 1* atj

wife directly or indirectly given* paid, agreed* or contraBedfar, tutfi <?r in relation to any such clerk* apprentice* ar servant* as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That upon payment on or before the M day of September* one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, of the rates and duties neglected or omitted to be paid upon anj vi ulcuuun money given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in rda-omitted To^bc t*on to any clerk:, apprentice, or servant, as aforesaid, to (bd paid on arti- person or persons to whom the same ought to be paid, the in-cles of inden- denture or other writing by which any such clerk, apprentice, tendering the or ^crvant» was respectively put out as aforesaid, shall, on tk same to be same being tendered at the proper place in the ft amp office stamped. { where the same ought to have been damped) during the timt

of office hours, be damped with the proper damp forthwhi after every such payment and tender of every such respective indenture or writing shall be there made; and every such inden-I de tures n turc> or other wntinS> aforesaid, being so damped, shall be rayment of ° gd°d and available in law and equity, and may be given in evi-the duties, and dence in any court whatsoever 5 and the several clerks, appren-stamping thereof, de-

Further time allowed to i Sept. 1759. for payment of the duties

dared to be Valid, See.

tices, or servants, therein respectively named, shall be capabk of following and exercising their respective intended prosession, trade, employment, or bunness, as fully as if the rates or duties

and the parties acquitted

clause to be published in the Gazette.

so neglected or omitted to have been paid, had been duly paid, and as if the full sum or sums of money received or agreed to be paid as aforesaid, had been inserted and wrote in worth si length in every such indenture, or other writing, as aforesaid respectively; and that all and every person and persons who hath or have incurred any penalty by any such neglect or omission, as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of, from, and agaimt of the penalty. same. thing in any former ato the contrary herea Notice of this notwithstanding: and the Commissioners of his Majesty's damp duty are hereby required, with all convenient speed, after the passing this act, to cause notice of this clause to be published in the London Gazette* in such manner as they shall think fit.

VIII. And whereas some persons have omitted to cause affidavit to be made* and afterwords to be filed in the proper offices, of tit ailual execution of several contrails in writing entered into by them, to serve as clerks to attornies or solicitors, within the time in tubit* the same ought to have been done, and many infants* and others* maj thereby incur certain disabilities: for preventing whereof, and far relieving such persons; be it likewise enacted by the authority ^wed r aforesaid, That every person who hath neglected or omitted to a Sept. 1759, icause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and for making filed, and who on or before the first day of September, one thousand

and filing af- -seven hundred and fifty nine, shall cause one or more affidavit or execution of* ad*vits to* made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner

the

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 24.' 467

the same ought to have been made and filed, in due time, shall contract to

be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and c., crkf

against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in ornief#

or by any act or acts of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such neglect or omission,

in not causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed,

in such manner as the same ought to have been; and every such

affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly

filed, on or before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes, as if made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being far

that purpose, to have been so made and filed.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to amend an act made in the left session of parliament % far repealing the duty granted by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty on fibber plate, and far granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persont dealing in gold or silver tilate, by permitting the fade of gold or silver plate in fmm quantities without licence; and by granting a duty instead of the duty now payable upon licences to be taken out by certain dealers in gold or silver plate: and also a duty upon licences to be taken out by pawnbrokers dealing in gold or silver plate, and refiners of gold or silver.

WH ER E AS by an act made in the last session of parliament, Preamble, ie.

intituled An act for repealing the duty granted by an ail citing cUufe made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, on silver111*x Gc* plate, made, wrought, touched, assayed, or marked in Great*'

Britain; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate$ and for discontinuing all drawbacks upon silver plate exported; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the marking or stamping of gold or silver plate; it was enacted, That in lieu of the duty thereby repealed, there jhoudd, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, a duty of forty shillings for every Ucence to be taken out in manner therein after-mentioned, by each perftm trading in, felling, or vending gold or silver plate, and by the find alt such licences were directed to be taken out annually; and it was also thereby further enacted, That all persons using the trade of felling or vending gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares tomposed of gold or fiber, or any goods or wares in which any gold or silver was or Should be ma-nufallured, and also all persons employed to JeU any gold or silver plate, or any such goods or wares aforesaid, at any auction, or publick foie, or by commission, fhmld respectively be deemed traders in, fillers or venders of, gold or fiber plate, within the intent and meaning of the said all, and Should take out a licence for the same: and whereas so

468 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 24. [1759.

much of the Jaii last recited chase, as directs that every person trad* ing in, fellings or vending gold or silver plate, or any goods or warn composed of gold or silver, or any goods or wares in which any gold er silver was or Jboula be manufactured, Should take out a licence for that purpose, has keen found detrimental to the toy and cutlery trades of this kingdom: and your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, tk commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, are therefore defrosts that all persons may be permitted to trade in, fell, or vend esj goods or wares in which the gold or silver shall not exceed the reflective quantities heroin after mentioned, without being obliged to tats out a licence for that purpose, and in lieu thereof, to grant eento ym Majesty a ditty upon such licences as are herein after mentioned; and therefore do mod. numbly befeoch your Majesty thatit may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majestr, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflexnbled, Traders in orant* ty t^c authority of the same, That from and after the fifth venders of! day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, no per-(mail gold and son or persons whatsoever shall be subject or liable to take om tilver wares, any licence for or in respect of his, her, or their trading in, from taking vending, or felling, any quantity of gold not exceeding two oat a licence penny weights in any one separate and distinct ware or piece of for the lame; goods, orany quantity of silver not exceeding five penny weights in any one separate and distinct ware or piece of goods; but that all persons may, from time to time, after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, trade in, vend, or fell, any ware or piece of goods, in which the golder silver shall not exceed the respective quantities aforesaid, without being subject in respect thereof to any penalty for not having taken out a licence, or paid the duty granted by the said auSk'made in the last session of parliament; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, in order to make good any deficiency which may happen is the produce of the find, duty, by reason of the exemption aforesaid; but such as be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall trade in, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou fin; or vend larger seven hundred and fifty nine, be paid unto his Majesty, his heb, iSSbMm- anc* successors, a duty of five pounds for every licence to be brokers, and taken out by each trader in, vender or feller of, gold or silver refiners, to plate, or of any goods or wares in which any gold or silver is or take out a li- shall be manufactured, who shall trade in, vend, or feJJ, any which the P*ccc of or goods, or any ware in which the gold or Glare to pay^l.vcr diall be of the respective weights herein after mentioned, or of any greater weight, and by all pawnbrokers trading in, vending, or felling, gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or silver is or shall be manufactured, and all refiners of gold or silver, qJianti*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That $ver wires°r from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven shall subject hundred and fifty nine, no person or persons.Whatsoever, who now, the traders or at any. time or times hereafter, doih, do, or shall trade in, vend or sell, any gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which in, or vender* amy gold or silver is or shall be manufactured, shall presume by thereof, to him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons jake out a whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or Alcence* their benefit, either publickly or privately, to trade-in, vend or sell, any piece of plate or goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quantity of silver shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, unless he, she, or they, shall have first paid a duty of five pounds for a licence, which shall have been taken out in the manner required by the said act made in the last session of parliament; and every person who shall so trade in, vend or sell, any such piece of plate or goods, or ware as aforesaid, shall pay the like duty of five pounds for every licence -which shall be taken out in each year, in pursuance of the said act, instead and in lieu of the duty of forty shillings thereby granted; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any person or persons trading in, vend-ol. penalty* ing, or felling gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in for nt taking which any gold or silver is or shall be manufactured, shall, after ^JeeUCh^the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty9nine, presume or offer to trade in, vend or sell, any such piece of plate or goods, or any such wareasaforesaid, without first taking out a licence, for which the said duty of five pounds shall have been paid, and renewing the same licence, and making the like and renewing payment yearly as aforesaid, he, she, ' or they, shall respectively same year-forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the futn ot twenty y' pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaief. Pawnbroker!, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand and refiners, seven hundred and fifty nine, no pawnbroker or pawnbrokers deemed trad-Shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other venders of person or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, gjj^nd silver for his, her, or their benefit, either publickly or privately, to wares, trade in, vend or sell, any gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or silver is or shall be manufactured; nor shall any person or persons presume, either by him, her, or and liable to themselves, or by any other person or persons whatsoever em-take aliccncc> ployed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, to life or practice the trade or business of a refiner of gold or silver, without first taking out a licence, in such manner as persons using the trade of felling or vending gold or silver plate are, by the said act made in the last session of parliament, required to take out licences; and every such pawnbroker, and also every such refiner of gold or silver, shall take out a fresh licence in every year, renew the in such manner as persons using the trade of felling or vending amcycary«geld or silver plate, are by the said act required to do: and for the more effectual enforcing the taking out of the said lkences, and recovery of the duty herein after directed to be from' time to rime paid Upbn the taking out thereof, every such pawnbroker ^nd refiner of gold or silver nespectively shall; be: d±emfed, for the

470

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 24* [1759.

purposes of this act, to use the trade of fclliqg or vending gold or silver plate; any thing in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and every such pawnbroker as aforesaid, and also every such refiner of gold or silver, shall respect-for which 5L ively pay a duty or five pounds for every licence which shall be is to be paid; taken out by each such pawnbroker or refiner; and which said duty of five pounds shall be paid in each year at the times whea such licences are taken out, and to such person or persons* and ip such manner, as the duty of forty shillings granted by the said act is thereby directed to be paid: and i£after the said fifth day of July, one thouGuid seven hundred and fifty nine* any pawnbroker shall presume or offer to trade in, vend or sell* any gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or silver is or shall be manufactured; or if any person shall presume or offer to use or practice the trade or business of a refiner of gold or silver, and such pawnbroker or person refjpeftivdy shall not have first taken out a licence, for which the said duty of five pounds shall have been paid, or shall not have renewed.- the same licence, and made such payment yearly as aforesaid;

forJSting10U §*» pawnbroker and person ttuU respectively, for era?

such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

Licences taken Proved always, and be it further enacted by the auibo-out under the rity aforesaid, That if, at any time or times, any person or performer act, fons who shall have taken out a licence in the manner prescribed upon payment by the said former act, and have paid, in re(pest thereof, the tionaf sum of duty of forty shillings, shall, before the expiration of such tl. to be good Brorcc, produce the same, and pay the further sum of three for the Tub. pounds to any person or persons authorized by virtue of the said former act to grant licences (all which persons are hereby required to accept such payment, and to indorse a memorandum thereof, without fee or reward, upon the licence so produced) every person paying such additional sum of three pounds may, and is hereby impowered, from the time of the payment thereof, and during the continuance of the remainder of the term of the said licence, to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or silver is or shall be manutaftured; or to use or practice the trade or bufinefi of a refiner of gold or silver, in such manner as any other person who dial) have paid the duty of five pounds upon the ongi-nal granting of any licence is by this act impowered to do; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That persons in p?rtn£rship, and carrying on their trade or bufmeis in one house, (hop, or tenement only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence in anyone year for the carrying on such trade or business: and that no licence which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize or impower any person or persons to whom the same may be granted, and who dull fell gold or silver plate in (hops, to trade in, fell, or vend, such gold or silver plate in any other (hop or place, except in such houses or places thereunto belonging,; wherein he, she, or they shall inhabit and dwell at

for 1 Tiding term thereof.

Persons in farther/hip, carrying on trade or business in one house only, Arc. not liable to take out more than one licence* Licence to serve but for on- shop or, house.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 24. 47, 1

the time of granting such licence, or in booths or stalls at fairs booths and or markets. stalls at fair*

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, excepted!* That all profecudons for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed against this act, shall and may forfeitureim be heard and determined, and such penalties and forfeitures re* £ recovered covered, levied, and applied, and in case of want of sufficient and applied, distress whereon to levy the same, the offender shall be imprison-«by the act ed, in such and the same manner, and with the same powers - 3'G^,-and authorities, as are prescribed, given, and appointed, in the M pre cn*said act made in the last session of parliament w*th respect to pro* locutions for, and the recovering, levying, and applying of, the penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed against the said act, and to the imprisonment of the party or parties offending until satisfaction shall be made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Mitigation of several penalties and forfeitures of twenty pounds, created and ^"dtie*. ittflided by the said recited act, and this present act, may be mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be mitigated by any law or laws of excise} any thing in the said recited act, or this present act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be

all the monies which shall arise by the duty hereby directed to Chequer be paid upon licences (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer attogether

with the monies arising by the duty on licences granted by the said act made in the last session of parliament; and shall be ap- and to be applied to such uses and purposes, and in such mauner, as the P1'*?1 a*'jle

monies arising by the duty granted by the said act are thereby the former act

made applicable, and to and for no other use or purpose what- are directed.

soever.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The recited the said act made in the last session of parliament (except such a^> exceP*.parts thereof as are varied or altered by this act) shall continue by VhbVa, in full force and effect, and the provisions and powers therein continued and contained (except as aforesaid) shall extend, and are hereby ex- enforced, tended to, and shall operate and be executed, with respect to this act, and to all matters and things to be done in pursuance thereof, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said provisions and powers were, with such variations and alterations, herein especially repeated and re-enacted j any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

Clai)fe in a & »9 Geo. a.

So much of the recited clciuse, as direct the admiralty, upon application, and security given. to€jrant com: i iffions

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. [1759.

CAP. XXV.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, and for tit better prevention of piracies and robberies by crews of private ships of war.

WHEREAS repeated complaints have of late been made $ divers outragious acts of piracy and robbery, committed«board great numbers of ships, more particularly by the crews of JmoH ships, vessels, or boats, being, or pretending to be, English prive-teers: and whereas it is of the utmof importance to the honour of this nation, to detest and bring to justice persons who (in violation of the laws of nations in general, and of this kingdom in particular) bant been, or shall be, guilty of futh piracies and robberies: and u/berees by a clause in an act of parliament passed in the twenty ninth year if the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the request of any owner or owners of any ship or vessel, giving such bail and security as have I*been usually taken upon granting commijfms or letters of marque (except only for the payment of the tenths of the value of prisus tuhtib shall be taken, so the lord 'high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being) eause to be iffii-ed forth, in the usual manner, one or more commission or commissims to any person or persons whom such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or, in case of death, successvuely commanders of such ship or vessel, for the attacking, surprizing, feinting, and taking, by and with such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortress upon the land, or on any ship or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms. Ports of war, or merchandize, belonging to, or possessed by, any of his Majesty's enemies, in any sea, creek, haven, or river: ami whereas it is apprehended that most of the acts of piracy and robbery complained of as aforesaid, have arisen from the obligation on the find lord high admiral, or the faii of for executing the office of lord high admiral, at such request as aforesaid, to grant such commissions to the commanders of all ships or vessels, of what bur that jo-ever, without dislinftion: to remedy which inconveniency; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, so much of the said reci£d clause in the above-mentioned

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. 47$

of parliament, passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord^high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, at the request of any owner or owner? of any ship or vessel giving such bail and security as therein is mentioned, to cause to be issued forth, in the usual manner, one or more commission or commissions to any person or persons whom such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or, in case of death, succeslivdv commanders of such ship or vessel, for the purposes in the said recited clause mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby declared and enacted to be absolutely repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for grant com-executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the naiffion*, upon time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall, from and bail and (ecu. after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and rity as is bere-fifty nine, at the request of any owner or Owners of any ship or after-men-vessel, giving such bail and security as is herein after-mentioned and boned, expressed, cause to be issued forth one or more commission or commissions to any person or persons whom such owner or owners shall notfiinate to be commander, or, in case of death, successively commanders of such ship or vessel, for the attacking, surprizi ng, seizing, and taking, by and with such ship or ycflfel, or with the crew thereof, any place qr fortress upon the land, or any ship or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandize, belonging to, or possessed by, any of his Majesty's enemies, upon the land, or in any sea, creek, haven, or river $ and ttyat such ship or ships, Pr*ze* to be-vessel or vefleis, or any goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, ^cfbedl^id^d and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, and aniong, tjhec apparel, so to be taken, by or with such private owner or owners owners and ship or vessel, according to such last mentioned commission or captors, as commissions (being first adjudged lawfql prize in any of his Ma- /J*al1 b*a&recd jesty's courts of admiralty) shall wholly and entirely belong to,con c, n} and be divided between and among, the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and the several persons which shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such shares and proportions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of Hich ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be intitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neU ther his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other person, commissioned by, or claiming, under his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captor of such prize ship or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores rf war, and merchandizes, and this v: per- '

474 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. [1759.

reserving only persons claiming under him or them, shall be intitled to any part dmie?8 or ^arc (except as to the customsnd duties mention-

payable by act^xn ^lc act of the twenty ninth year of his Majesty's 2/ Geo. 1. reign) any custom, Statute, or other law to the contrary notwith-

foVtbef Hf. Provided neverthelessf, and it is hpreby. further enacted, granted to That no such commission as aforesaid shall be iffqed forth or velleis, in Eu- granted to any person qi persons by virtue of this act, upless the loo^on "bur- d*ip or vc^c'or 4*5* same shall be granted, in Europe shall then, 10 guns, he of the burthen of one hundred tons, and carry ten carnage and 40 men} guns, being three pounders, and forty men at the lead 5 or 1m-less the lord high admiral, qr commissioners for executing the

unless the ad-

Admiralty n ay revoke

millions;

revocation to take place, viz.

If the vessel be in the channel; or northern

fcass

uUnk^the °ce ^ign admiral, or any three or more of them, or

owners giv- any person or persons by him or them impowered and appoint-

ing bail and security as herein after mentioned.

ed, shall, in their discretion, think fit to grant the same to any ship or vessel of inferior force or burthen, the owner or ownen of such ship or vessel giving such bail and security as is herein after mentioned and expressed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of

fntVrewm* Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any order or orders in writing under his or their hand or hands, any commission or commissions which hath, have been, or shall be, issued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or shall be, nominated commander or commanders of any ship or vessel, either by virtue of the said act of f which no- twenty n*nth year the reign of his present Majesty, or this tice is to be present a^i*.

forthwith sent V. Provided nevertheless, That the secretary of the admiralty to the ship's for the time being shall, with all convenient speed, after any owners, a- anj every such commission shall be so revoked, cauie notice U5s.t8* or UrC" thereof in writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners, Times limited or agent or agents, or surety or sureties, or some one of them, for order of of the (bip or vessel named or described in such order of revocation: and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the chanel, the said order of revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said commission, at the expiration of twenty day9 from and after such notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if notice shall be actually given in writing by the (ecretary of the admiralty to the captain or commander thereof; and in case such ship or vef-if to the south M shall be in the northern seas, at the expiration of thirty days; bf Cape Fini. and in case such ship or vessel shall be to the southward of Cape °J.in Fmjlerre, or in the Mediterranean, at the expiration of six weeks; wnean; lUr"n ca^c ^ch d*P or Ve^ shall be in North America, or the in NorthAme- JP*fl Indies, at the expiration of three months; and in case such rica, the West ship or vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the expiration of fix Indies, or East months: and any comiqander or commanders, owner or own-Complaint ersi agent or agents, surety or sureties, of any such ship or vef-may be made &!> whereof such commission or cp^uniffions issued or to be if-to the King in sued forth as aforesaid shall be so revoked, may complain thereof

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25, 475

to his Majesty in couoeil, within thirty days next after the fe- council of cretary of the admiralty for the time being shall cause notice fich revoca-thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the determination of his council.s Majesty in council, touching every such complaint, shall be determination final. to be final;

VI. Provided always, That in case any such order of revoca- and if the or-tien shall be superseded, such commission shall be deemed and der shall be taken to have continued in force: and all prizes taken by virtue fop«rfeded, thereof shall belong to, and be the property of, such owners and toTand captors, in such manner as the same would have been in case good, such order of revocation had not been made.

VII. Provided allb. That no person shall be liable to be pu- Non*1, able to

niftied for doing, before he shall have received personal notice before person-of such order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might al notice re. have lawfully done under the authority of such commission, in ceivedof such case such order of revocation had not been made. order of re-

VIII. And be it ftirther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ufo^i'baii and That before the granting or iflbing of any commission in pur- security to be fuance of this act, such bail and security mail be taken as have taken; been usual upon the granting or issuing of commissions for private ships of war; and that, previous to the taking of such bail the parties and security, the persons who propose to be bound, and give ^a, heir qua-such security, shall Severally make oath before the judge of the ideation; high court of admiralty of England, or his surrogate, or other person or persons by such judge, or surrogate, Tawftilly commissioned, that, at the time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more money than the sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just debts: and moreover, the marshal of the said high court of admiralty for the and the mar. time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons so commifli- foal satisfying oned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make thefofficiency diligent enquiry into, and Satisfy himself or themselves of, the thereof. 1 Sufficiency of such bail and security, and make a report thereof to the said judge, or his surrogate, before any such commission shall be granted or issued.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons apply- from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred wg_for com* and fifty nihe, all and every person and persons who shall apply maV°"pplica-to the said lord high admiral, or the commissioners for execut- tien in writing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, in order ing, to obtain any commission to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this act, shall make every such application in writing, and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact description ofn£ forth a the ship or vessel for which such commission is requested, speci- th^veffc^&c lying the burthen of such ship or vessel, and the number and nature of the guns on beard the same, to what place belonging, and the name or names of the principal owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and the number of men intended to be put on the particu-board the same (all which particulars shall be inserted in every 'ars. commission to be granted or iflbed in pursuance of this act) and the'commis'n that every commander of a private ship or vesselof war, for which fion;

476 Anno tricesimo secundo GkorGH It. €. £5. [1759.

a commission shall be granted or issued in pursuance of this act, which com- shall produce such commission to the collector, customer, or "i^uccd to* ^eare^er» for ^mc being, of his Majesty's customs, residing the collector at* or belonging to, the port from whence, such ship or vessel or other offi- shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of cer of the port, such collector, customer, orsearcher; and the said collector, nfine*the (hi*' cu^omer> iarcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, andfee howP> as fQ(m thereafter a* conveniently may be, without fee or far (he agrees, reward, insped and examine such ship or vessel, so as to ascer-in all reipeds tain the burthen thereof, and the number of men, and number with the said an(j nature of the gUns on board the same: and if such ship or and Vnhe'a- ve^e* A*all thereupon be found to be of such burthen, and be grees thereto, manned and armed according to the tenor of the description in-or be of a ferted in such commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater bur* g-t-force then or force than shall be mentioned in such commission, then or ur en, fuci^ collector^ customer, orsearcher, or his or their lawful dels to grant puty or deputies, shall, and he or they is and are hereby retjui-whichmaHCbe r€c* immediately upon therequest of the commander of such fftip a cleai ance to or ve^ to give a certificate thereof in writing under his or their such veil'd* hand or hands gratis, to facb commander; which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance, before such private ship or vessel shall be permitted to fail from that port; and if the com-Penalty of de- mander of any ship or vessel for which any commission shall parting with- have been granted or issued in pursuance of this act, shall depart anceUCh °*' w*rb such or vesse^om such port or clearance, before he hath received such certificate, or shall depart from any such or with a^port, or proceed upon a cruize, with a force inferior to the force force inferior (pacified in such commission, or required by this act; in every fiedi^the0 ca^€* commission for such ship or vessel shall from thence-commission. forth be absolutely null and void; and the 00mmander so offending, being convicted thereof before ?ny court of admiralty, shall be imprisoned without bail or mainprize, for such spaceas the said court shall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

Collector, &c. granting a false certificate.

to forfeit his office, and 1001.

Recovery and

application

thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector, customer, or searcher of his Majesty's customs, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate for any ship or vessel which shall not be c the burthen and force specified in the commission granted to the commander or commanders thereof, or of greater burthen and force than shall be mentioned inn such commission, he shall, for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any ofitee in the customs, and shall ahb forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who will foe for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the streasurer for the time being lathe corporation for the relief ami

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2 477

support of lick, maimed, and disabled seamen, and of the widows and children of such as shall be kilied, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants service, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the out-ports In which a corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the purposes aforesaid, then the moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation so established.

XL. Provided always, That the number of tons so to be cer- Tonage to be tified, be ascertained according to the'rules laid down by an act ascertained ac-paised in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen cording to the jfnne, intituled An act for making a convenient dock or bason at pl£Cnb" Liverpool, for the securttj of all flaps trading to or from the said 3 Ann*. port of Liverpool.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, privateers a. That in case at any time or times after the first day of June, one greeingfoi the thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, any commander or com- ransom of roanders of any private ship or ships, or vessel or vefleis, of war, priz|? duly commissioned by virtue of the said act of the twenty ninth c* year of his Majesty's reign, or this act, shall agree with the comr mander or commanders, or other person or persons, of or her longing to any neutral or other ship or ships, vessel or vessels (except those of his Majesty's declared enemies) for the ransom of any such neutral or other ship or ships, vessel or vefleis, or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as prize, and shall, in pur- amj discharg-fuance of any such agreement or agreements, actually quit, feting them with-at liberty, or difehange, any such prke or prizes, instead of°ut bringing bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his Ma- mto jesty's dominions; that then all and every of the commanderp and commanders of such private ship or ships, or vessel or vessels of war, who shall so agree for any such ransom (except as aforesaid) and shall quit, set at liberty, or discharge, any, such prize or prizes in manner aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and deemed guilty taken to be guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery; and he, they, and every of them, being duly convicted thereof in the manner and onfifea-herein before-mentioned, shall have and futfer such pains of tien of goods, death, loss of lands, goods, and chattels, aspirates, felons, and See. robbers upon the Teas, ought to have and fufter according to the laws now in being.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it of-lvatC8rs shall be lawful for the commander of any private ship of war, may take con. upon the capture of any neutral ship or vessel which by any law traband goods or treaty shall be liable only to the forfeiture of such contraband from goods as shall be on board thereof, to receive such goods from Jrit^confrnt such ship or vessel, in case the commander thereof is willing to of the com. deliver the lame; and the commander of such private ship of mander* and war may thereupon quit, set at liberty, or discharge, such ncu- <ct the vessel* tral ship or vessel; any thing herein before contained to the con- at 1 cr, ly' trary notwithstanding: and if any person or persons shall purloin

4^8 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. [1759.

Penalty of cm- loin or embezzle any such contraband goods before condemns-bez.ziing the tien thereof, every Rich person shall be subject to such pains a, nc* and forfeitures as are inflicted by law upon persons purloining

or embezzling goods out of any captured ship.

All papers,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&hf, &c. found on That from and after the first day of June, one thousand levee S, PtrX hundred and fifty nine, all books, papers, and writings, found brought into in any ship or vessel taken as prize, shall, without delay, be the registry of brought into the registry of the court or admiralty wherein such the admiralty} ship or vessel may be proceeded against, in order to condemna-but such only tien 5 but that such only of the said books, papers, and writings, as shall be shall be made use of and transiated, as shall be agreed or mfift-thffUghh n % ^upon^?T0^0rs several parties, captors, or claim-

proctors^o be ants> orn ca^e no c^aims by the captor or register, to be translated and necessary for ascertaining the property of foci! ship or vessel, and made use of, the cargo thereof.

&c-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cwnt of ^om aiK* a^tcr^ day one thousand seven

admiralty, hundred and fifty nine, no judge, register, or deputy register, j marlha!, or deputy marihal, or any other officer whatsoever, of or belonging to any court of admiralty or vice admiralty m Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of his MajestyY colonies or or advocate, plantations in America, or elsewhere, nor any person or persons &C 1* fthhL pradfifing either a* advocate, proctor, or otherwise, in any such any waysin- court or COUIts> be concerned or imerected, direCUy or in-tcrested in pri- directly, as owner, part owner* sharer, or adventurer, in any vatcers \ private ship or ships, or veil*! or vessels, of war whatsoever, having any commission or commissions as aforesaid: and in case any such judge, register, deputy register, marihal, deputy mtr-(hal, or other officer, advocate, or proctor whatsoever, shall, notwithstanding this act, be dheftly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid; such judge, register, deputy register, or marihal, deputy marshal, Or otlter officer respectively, shall, for such offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an on forfeiture information or an indictment) absolutely forfeit his office and of his employ- employment in and belonging to any such court of admiralty or ioo?'^vice a(bniralty, of what kind or nature soever such office or em-

100*ploymetit may happen to be, and shall also forfeit and pay to

the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the sum of one and advocate, hundred pounds; and every such advocate or proCtor respective-&C'rfi 'y fot such last mentioned offence (being thereof lawfully praaifing in"1 convicted in mantlet aforesaid) be from thenceforth abfohitely the said courts, disqualified, and rendered for ever incapable of pfaCHfing cither as an advocate or proCtor in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty or vice admiralty wheresoever.

Register and

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mar dials of That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven qualified from hundred and fifty nine, no register or deputy register, nor any acting as ad- marshal or deputy marihal, of or belonging to any of his Ma-vocates or jesty'9 said courts of admiralty or vice admiralty whatsoever, proctors, shall, either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or

479 1759] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25.

by any agent or agents, or other person or persons what foe ver, act or be concerned in aty manner, either as an advocate or prodtor, in any cause, matter, or business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such court or courts of admiralty or vice admiralty, to which such register, deputy register, marihal, or deputy marihal, shall then belong; and that every register, de-

n register, marshal, or deputy iriarihal, who shall be guilty

ich offencfe (being thereof lawfully coftvicted, either upon on forfeiture an information or indictment) shall from thenceforth absolutely of their re forfeit his respective office and employment of register, deputy fp*&iveofii-register, tnarmal, or deputy mfcrihal, ita and belonging to the cc*' same court.

XVII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission* That all and every commission and commissions which have heretofore been issued forth or granted in pursuance of the aforesakl ad o^fcffeUof f parliament made and passed in the twenty ninth year of his pre^ fcrjor force" sent Majesty's reigtv, to the commander or commanders of any and burthen, private ship or ships, or vessel or vefleis, of war, in Europe, such than this act ship or (hipi, vessel or vefleis, not being respectively of the bur- aWovv$> then of one hundred tons, and carrying each ten carriage guns, being three pounders, and forty men at the lead (except focn such*

ships or vessels of an inferior burthen or force whole commiflN by the

ons shall be t'dfpriVively confirmed by any order in writing un- admiralty j der the hand or hands Of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissidHers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Grcaft Britain, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed) shall, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be null and void 5 and the same, and every are revoked, of them, is and are hereby accordingly enacted and declared to and declared be absolutely revoked and made null and void, to all intents V0K*' and purposes whatsoever. Confirmation

XVIII. Provided always, That every such confirmation of of commiu any commission as aforesaid, shall be made and granted without fions to be fee or reward. granted with-

XIX. And, to the end that the owners of such ships or vessels, where the not being under fifty, or above one hundred, tons, whose commijfms commifiiuns are by this act made void, which, since the twenty seventh day of of inferior May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, have conjiantly served vefftKare va* as private ships of war to the time of such revocation, may not be in - nation rCV°- jurtd thereby, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may His Majesty to be lawful for his Majesty, under his royal sign manual, to ap- appoint per-point such person or persons as his Majesty Shall think fit to re- son» to adjust ceive and adjust the claims of such owners, for any loss or da-{j* £whers" mage they may respectively sustain by reason of the revocation for damages of any of the said commissions hereby made void; and the sums anci the sums which shall by such person or persons, so appointed by his Ma- certified by jesty, be certified to be due on such chums, shall be paid out of them, to be " the next aids to be granted in parliament.

XX. Andy for the more fpoedy bringing of offenders to justice, and ne^to prevent the inconveniences occafimd by want of frequently holding

a

A session of the court of admiralty to be held in March and

tiens of piracy, &c.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2# [1759.

a session of admiralty for the trial of offences committed on the high seas; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of Jttney one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, a session of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, for the trial of offences committed upon the high seas wkhin thz October yearly, jurisdiction of the admiralty of England shall be held twice at the lead in every year; that is to say. In the several months of March and October in each year, at Justice Hall in the Old Briley^London; except at such times as the sessions of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery for the city of London and county of Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held; or in such other place, within that part of Great Britain called England, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by any letter, or order in writing, under their hands, directed to the judge 0* the high court of admiralty m England for the time being, appoint.

Commissioner*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the court. That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven and jufbees of hundred and fifty nine, it shall and may be lawful, not only to

TOwcredCtoim"anc* ^or any one or more comtn^oners for the time be-

take informa- ing, named in the commission of Oyer and Terminer for the trying of offences committed within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more of the justices of the peace for the time being of any county, riding, division, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, and they are herebyrespectively authorized and impowered, from time to time, to take any information or informations of any witness orwitnesses in writing upon oath, touching any piracy, felony, or robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the sea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or jurisdiction; and thereupon (if such commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, shall fee cause) by any warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to cause the person or persons accused in such information or informations to be apprehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place ibe offenders \ wherein the same information or informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due couife of law.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said of, or justices of the peace, who shall cause any such person or persons to be committed as i$ last mentioned, shall, and he or they is or are hereby respectively required, at the same, time, to oblige all and every such other person or persons whom such commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, shall judge necessary to prosecute and give evidence against the person or persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into one or more recognizance qr recognisances $0 his Majesty, in a (Efficient penalty, for his, her, or their

and, if they fee cause, to apprehend and commit

arul to oblige the prok^u-tors and evi* dences to enter into recog nizances, to appear and prosecute;

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. 481

their appearing at the then next feflioo of Oyer and Terminet, and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England, thereto prosecute and give evidence against the person or persons who shall be committed as aforesaid: and if any per-.- f,

son shall refuse to enter into such recognisance to prosecute or ^oconimit*2*give evidence, as shall be required, he, she, or they, so refuting, them.

shall be committed by any such commissioner or of, justice or justices, to the gaol of the county or place in which the person so refuting shall be, until the next sessions of admiralty shall be held, or such person shall enter into such recognisance as shall be required as aforesaid; which recognizance or recogni-

Recognizances

zances, together with the information or informations taken, and ihforma-

touching the offence or offences wherewith the person or personst, ons be

to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commil- ^he^egifter of*

fioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, be-the court, to

fore whom the same shall be taken, shall, and they are hereby be laid before

respectively required, to transmit, with all convenient speed, tohe judge* and the register for the time being of the high court of admiralty of the records

England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the lame court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The marshal, That the marshal of the admiralty for the time being, and his Sheriffs, and deputy or deputies, and all sheriffs, bailiffs, Rewards, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, keepers of gaols and prisons, obey and exet and all other officers whatsoever, for keeping of the peace (as cute all prewell within liberties as without) shall, and they, and every of cept* and or them, are hereby respectively authorized and required, from ders time to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey all such justices! precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as shall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given to them, or any of them respectively, by any one or more of the said of named in the commission of Oyer and Terminer, or justices of the peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, touching any of the matters or things herein contained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where an ap-That in case any appeal shall be interposed from a sentence peal shall bz given in any admiralty court, concerning any goods and effeAs interpoled which may hereafter befeifed or taken as prize, in pursuande ofrora lhc ^en" the aforesaid aA of parliament of the twenty ninth year of his court, °con-C Majesty's reign, or of this act; that then, and in fuen case, the cerning goods judge of such court of admiralty shall and may, at the request, taken a» prize, cods, and charges, either of the captor or claimant, or of the

claimant only, in cases where the privilege isreferved in favour 1 of the claimant by any treaty or treaties subsisting between his Majesty and foreign powers, make an order to have such capture the capture appraised, unless the parties shall otherwise agree upon the value ma>' bc aP- thereof, and an inventory taken, and then take security for the security; full value thereof, and thereupon cause such capture to be deli- giVen, he de- vered to the party giving such security, in like manner as, by the hveted to the

; Voi.xxii. ii said p^n

and if there ihaH be any difficulty or objection to the giving or taking security, the judge may order the goods to be landed, and sold by auction,

and the money to be de-polited in the bank, See.

If security be given by the claimants, judge to give the capture a pass.

Act to be in force during the present war with France.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 26, 27. [1759.

said former act, such judge ought or could have done, before sentence given, notwithstanding such appeal: and if there shall beany difficulty or objection to the giving or taking of security, the said judge shall, at the request of either of the oarties, order such goods and effects to be entered, landed, and told by publick auction, as prize goods noware* under the care and custody of the proper officers of the customrs, and under the direction and inspection of such persons as shall be appointed by the claimants and captors; and the monies arising by such lale shall be deposited in the bank of England, or in some publick securities, and in the names of such trustees as the captors and claimants shall jointly appoint, and the court shall approve, for the ofeand benefit of the parties who shall be adjudged to be intitled thereto: and if such security shall be given by the claimants, then it is hereby also enacted, That such judge shall give such capture a pass, to prevent it's being taken again by his Majesty's fobjefts in it's destined voyage.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force during the present war with France, and no longer.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securine the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke; and to amend and render more effectual an act of last session of parliament, for applying a sum of money towards fortifying the said harbour.

Preamble, reciting a clause in aft- 31 Geo. to, ooool. to be issued out of the supplies granted for the year 1759, towards fortifying the harbour of Milford. Commissioners for putting this act in execution. Fortifications to be erected on the places heie mentioned, under direction of the matter general and other officers of the ordnance. Commissioners impowered to appoint and pay secretaries, and other proper officers under them. Account of the application of the monies to be laid before parliament. Charges of obtaining this act to be first paid out of the monies granted.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for continuing, and making more effectual, an act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, An act more

citing 19 effectually to prevent the muds and abuses committed in the Geo. s. admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of fyeftum-

fier,

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27. 48$

titty and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto,

nd the federal parrishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary U Ban, and such pan of the parish of Saint Andrew, HoWorny as lies in the county of Middlesex; it was enacted, That frm and after the twenty fourth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there fhoUld be erected and continued within the city and liberty of Westminster, one publick office, to be called by the name of The land coal meters oftke for the city and liberty of Wefimtn-fiery and which Should^ from time to time, be managed by two persons to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and to be called and known by the nartie of The principal land coal meters for the city and liberty of Westminster; and divers fees, rules, orderly pmeriy authorities, penalties, punishments, forfeituresf and provisionsr were thereby given y granted, made, efiabhjhedy prescribed, and dire Hedy to be levied and infiifted respectively, for the better enforcing and carrying the said act into execution for the purposes therein mentioned y and Which were to continue and be in force for three yearly from the twenty fourth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty fiXy and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and it was1 thereby*ammgfi other things, enactei and

provided, That if the driver of any cart loaded with coals, or any person belonging thereto, or employed therewith yshould delivery orfiuf- fer to be delivered or taken from fitch carty any coals under his care, otherwise than to of for the use of the owner or owners thereof\ and Should be convicted of such offence, he shouldy for every such offencef forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and it was thereby further enacted and provided, That if any person or persons Should be dissatisfied withy or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the measure of any coaliy under or by virtue of the said at1, the same coals shouldy either upon acquainting the feller of such coahy or the carman driving or leading the famey at any time during the delivery thereof and before the carman Should be discharged thereof by the consumery or his, hery or their, agent or agents, be remeasured either in the presence of a sea coal meter, from the sea coal meten office in the city of London, or one of the metersy or their agents, appointed in pursuance of the said act, for which there Should be paid four pence for every chaldron, and no more\ and in case the coals so to be re-measured, Should not amount to the measure for which they were originally fold and measured, the fellers of such coals are thereby respectively made liable to the penalties and punishments thereby infiisted, to be recovered and applied in manner therein mentioned, and thaty from and after notice Should have been given in writing of any such dissatisfaction or grievance as aforesaid, to the seller of such coals, or to the carman leading or driving t he Jame, and whilfi such coals Should so remain in their or either of their pojpffion or power, such filler or carman, in whose possession or power such coals Should be at the time of fiuch notice, Should not leave or depart from the cart in which such coals Should have been laden, but that he and they Should remain with the famey and take all possible care both of the coals and carty till a meter or metersy appointed in pursuance of the said act, could be procured to re-measure such coals; and they are thereby respectively requiredy from time to time, with all

Carter, &c. fraudulently delivering, or suffering coal to be taken from his cart,

484. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27. [1759.

convenient speed, on notice for that purpose to be delivered or left at the said office in writing in any of the office hours, to attend for that purpose: And whereas the said act of parliament (having by experience been found useful and beneficial within the city and liberty of Westminster, and the other places and limits therein mentioned) wasy by three subsequent acts, one of the twenty third, another of the twenty fourth, and another of the thirty first year of the reign of his present Jlfajessy, further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine: And whereas it would be oj great service to the inhabitants of the city and liberty of Westminster, and the said fevera I parts and places of the county of Middlesex* that the said oft should\ under certain restrictions, be further continued; and in case proper provisions were made for obviating mischiefs and abuses which were not foreseen, and not sufficiently provided for by tkt said former act) the same would befill of greater benefit anftadvantage t$ the said inhabitants, and more effectually answer the purposes thereby intended: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the driver of any cart loaded with coals, or any person belonging thereto, or employed therewith, shall deliver, or suffer to be delivered or taken from such cart, any coals under his care, otherwise than to or for the use of the owner or owners thereof, and shall be lawfully con-tobe publickly victed in such manner as in the said act is mentioned; he shall, commuted for for every offence, be publickly whipt, or committed to the

months house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize 3 months.

And if coals And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any person

upon remea- or persons shall be dissatisfied with, or think himself or herfelt furement, shall aggrieved by or in the measure of any coals, under or by virtue fall Short of of t^e fgjj former act, and such coals shall be remeasured in they^wcrc^ori- Pursuance or under the authority of the said acts, and shall, ginally fold upon such remeasuring, fall Short of, and be deficient of, the and measured true quantity or measure, at or for which the same were originally. contracted for, fold, and measured; then, and in such case, So the principal coal meter or coal meters shall, for every bushel pay 4.0s. for which the said coals so to be remeasured shall fall Short of or be every bushe! deficient in the true quantity or measure so originally contracted wanting of the for^ arKj measured, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shill-meaure. ings; to be recovered and applied in such and the same manner as the pecuniary penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by the first mentioned act, are thereby ordered, directed, and appointed, to be levied, recovered, and applied respectively.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any labouring coal meter shall deliver a ticket to any person or persons for any quantity of coals, without having been present at, and seen the measuring of, the whole quantity thereof specified and expressed in such ticket, in every such case the principal coal meters shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; to be recovered and applied

Labouring coal meter delivering tickets for coals, which lie was not present at the measuring of.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27. 485

plied in such manner as the pecuniary penalties, inflicted and to commit-directed to be levied by the first-mentioned act, are thereby or- f^bour for* o dered, directed, and appointed, to be levied, recovered, and jaySj an(j j*. applied, respectively: and every labouring coal meter so offend- capacited ing, upon complaint thereof made unto any one or more justice a.°d the prin-or justices of the peace for the city and liberty of Westminster, or toor- for the said county of Middlesex, and, upon due proof made to 1 5*his or their satisfaction, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding thirty days; and shall be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a labouring coal meter under this act.

IV. And whereas by an act payed in the third year of his present Clause in a ft Majesty's reign, it was therein enacted, That all coals Should be 3 Geo. 2. tarried to the respective buyers, within the limits therein mentioned^ in linen facksy sealed and marked with white paint in oil at Guildhall, London, or at the exchequer office at Westminster, by the proper officer there; which sacks shall be full four feet and two inches in lengthy and fix and twenty inches in breadth, after they shall be made: And whereas it has been found by experience that these dimensions have not been quite sufficienty by reason of the great Jbrinking of the fads from wety and other causes; be it therefore enacted, That from and after tha twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, all sacks made use of for the carriage Sacks to be of coals within the limits mentioned in the aforesaid act, shall In^hci be full four feet four inches in length, and full twenty six inches Incj^broad* In breadth, after they are made; nor shall any of less dimensions be sealed and marked at the above mentioned offices: And if any person or persons dealing in or felling coals within the limits 4°s'P*nalt}ron aforesaid, shall use, or cause to be used, sacks of any less cjin)en-(ions than the dimensions herein before directed, every such (long. person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such manner as the pecuniary penalties, inflicted and directed to b$ levied by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, are thereby directed and appointed to be levied, recovered, gnd applied, respectively.

V. Andy for the more effectually preventing any frauds by jalfe admeasurement of coals; it is hereby further enacted, That if any labouring person employed as a labouring coal meter shall suffer any coal coal meter'sacks to be made use of for the carriage of coal$, being less than fackj! of full four feet in length, and full two feet in breadth, withinfide [hanhere a?"* the sack, or shall neglect to attend and perform his duty at the lowed, or neg-wharfs, as in the said act of the nineteenth year of his present giecting his Majesty's reign is directed, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings; to be recovered, levied, and ap- ^o\\cuioa plied, in such and the like manner as the pecuniary penalties thereof, inflicted and directed to be levied by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, arc thereby directed and appointed to be levied, recovered, and applied, respectively.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, 'J'hat such justice or justices, upon justices as aforesaid, upon every such complaint so to him or them application I i 3 madeaudcoxnplair*t.

486 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. ?7# [1759.

in any of the made in the cases before-mentioned, is and are hereby author-Sd* t r*ze<* an^ required to call and summon the parties before him or mon an^exa- them, and to hear and examine every such complaint upon oath, mine the par- or upon affirmation of such witness or witnesses as shall be of the ties i people called Quakers (an<f which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is anS are hereby respectively impowered pmd required andupoiy>roof to administer and take) and upon due proof Of such offence as of the offence, aforesaid to his or their satisfaction to grant a warrant or war-offender111*ants tinder his or their hand and fe'al, or hands and seals, for the commitment of such offender or offenders to the house of correction, there to remain and be dealt with as aforesaid. Provisions re-

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by

lating to the the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement for* admeasure-

fee for the

of this act, none of the provisions made by the said former act ment^f coals the n*neteent^ Year the reign of his present Majesty, or by the admeasurement at the buyer's desire.

The powers.

or puni foment;his Present act, relating to the payment of any sum or Aims of of dealers or money for or on account of the admeasurement or inspection of carters, to the admeasurement of coals, or to the punishment of any dealer such casesVnn coa^s» or caster>on account of fending, carrying, or leacting, 1y^ where a" coa*s ^rom any w^arf or place within the limits aforesaid, shall meter shall take place and be in force, except in such cases only where the have attended buyer of such coals shall have signified, by notice in writing to x one of the principal coal meters, or one of the labouring coal meters, his or her desire to have the attendance of a coaJ meter to inspect the admeasurement of his or her coals, and where a coal meter shall, pursuant to such notice, attend and actually inspect the admeasurement of the whole quantity of such coals j any thing contained in the said recited act, or this act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ancuwwc.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That ic.^TV^Ge#. ^e said act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and continued by the subsequent acts herein before-mentioned and referred to, and all the powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters, and things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, e ce t where P^hcd, inserted, and contained in and by the said acts re-autred by this fp?dtively, qr any of them, which are now in force (other than act, so far forth as the same, or any of them respectively, are varied,

altered, explained, rendered unnecessary, or otherwise provided ^or by the forpe of lhis present act\) shall be exercised, practised, u mor e ufeds enforced, and put in execution, during the continuance, and for the purposes of this present act, in as full, extensive, and beneficial manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly expressect, and again enacted in the body bf this present act: and bient andcon- a that this act shall take effect, continue, and be in force, tinuance of from the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, for and during the further term of fevea years then next ensuing, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament $ and shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken

to be in force during the continuance of this act.

Commencement and continuance of this act.

---

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 487

[Publick act.]

taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons suffer by the oppression of inferior officers in the execution of process for debt, and the exaction of jaylors to whom such debtors are committed: for remedy whereof, it may be reasonable not only to enforce the execution of the laws now in being against such oppressions and exactions, more especially several clauses in a statute made at a parliament held in the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second

[Act 22 & 23 Car. 2.]

(intituled An act for the relief and release of poor distressed prisoners for debt) but likewise to make some further provisions for the ease and relief of debtors who shall be willing to satisfy their creditors to the utmost of their power; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Officer may not carry his prisoner to any tavern or other publick house, without his consent;]

That no sheriff, under sheriff, bailiff, serjeant at mace, or other officer or minister whatsoever, shall at any time or times hereafter convey or carry, or cause to be conveyed or carried, any person or persons by him or them arrested, or being in his or their custody by virtue or colour of any action, writ, process, or attachment, to any tavern, ale-house, or other publick victualling or drinking house, or to the private house of any such officer or minister, of any tenant or relation of his, without the free and voluntary consent of the person or persons so arrested or in custody;

[nor charge him for liquor or other things, other than such as he shall freely and particularly call for; nor demand for caption or attendance, any other than his legal fee;]

nor charge any such person or persons with any sum of money for any wine, beer, ale, victuals, tobacco, or any other liquor or things whatsoever, or other save what he, she, or they, shall call for of his, her, or their own free accord; nor shall cause or procure him, her, or them, to call or pay for any such liquor or things, except what he, she, or they, shall particularly and freely ask for; nor shall demand, take, or receive, or cause to be demanded, taken, or received, directly or indirectly, any other or greater sum or sums of money than is or shall be by law allowed to be taken or demanded for any arrest or taking, or for detaining, or waiting till the person or persons so arrested or in custody shall have given an appearance or bail, as the case shall require, or agreed with the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution he, she, or they shall be taken or arrested, or until he, she, or they, shall be sent to the proper gaol belonging to the county, riding, division, city, town,

488 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

[nor exact any gratuity money;]

or place, where such arrest or taking shall be; nor shall exact or take any gratuity, or money, for keeping the person or persons so arrested or in custody out of gaol or prison;

[nor carry his prisoner to gaol within 24 hours after his arrest, unless he shall refuse to be carried to some safe house of his own appointment within some city or town, if arrested there, or within 3 miles thereof.]

nor shall carry any such person to any gaol or prison within four and twenty hours from the time of such arrest, unless such person or persons, so arrested, shall refuse to be carried to some safe and convenient dwelling house of his, her, or their own nomination or appointment, within a city, borough, corporation, or market town, in case such person or persons shall be there arrested; or within three miles from the place where such arrest shall be made, if the same shall be de out of any city, borough, corporation, or market town, so as such dwelling house be not the house of the person arrested, and be within the county, riding, division, or liberty, in which the person under arrest was arrested; and then, and in such case, it shall be lawful to and for any such sheriff, or other officer or minister, to convey or carry the person or persons so arrested, and refusing to be carried to such safe and convenient dwelling house as aforesaid, to such gaol or prison as he, she, or they, may be sent to, by virtue of the action, writ, or process, against him, her, or them.

[Nor may officer take for the lodging, diet, and other expences of such prisoner, more than shall be allowed, in such cases, by an order of the justices on their general or quarter sessions, which order they are required to make with all expedition;]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no sheriff, under sheriff, bailiff, serjeant at mace, or other officer or person, shall, any time or times hereafter, take or receive any other or greater sum or sums for one or lodging, or for a day's diet, or other expences of any person or persons under arrest, on any writ, action, attachment, or process, other than what shall be allowed as reasonable in such cases by some order or orders already made, or which shall hereafter be made, by the justices of the peace at some general or quarter sessions which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, where such arrest or taking shall be, who are hereby authorized and required, with all convenient expedition, to make some standing order or orders for ascertaining such charges and expences, within their respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns, and jurisdictions, if the same hath or have not already been there made; and if any such order or orders hath or have been there already made, such justices for the time being, at their respective general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required to vary or alter the same, from time to time, as they shall see occasion;

[a copy where of is to be hung up in some conspicuous part of the sessions house, or other proper place.]

and also are hereby required to cause a copy of every such order, and of every variation or alteration thereof, signed by the clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, or place, respectively, to be put and kept up in some conspicuous place in the sessions house, or other house, or some other proper place, of every such county, riding, division, city, town, or place, as such justices shall order, so as the same may be there seen and examined as occasion may require.

[Sheriffs, and the secondaries]

III. And, to the intent that no person may suffer by reason of his ignorance of the provisions made by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every sheriff, under

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 489

[of the compters, to deliver printed copies of these clauses to bailiffs and other officers employed in the execution of writes &c. and make it part of the condition of the bond to be given by them, that they shall shew and deliver a copy of the said clauses to the prisoner, if carried to a public house, and permit him or his friend to read over the same, before any liquor or victuals be brought or called for.]

sheriff, and bailiff of any liberty, and also the respective secondaries and clerks sitters in the respective compters in London, and all other persons instructed with the execution of process, or who shall enter any actions, or make any warrant or warrants, or any writ or process, in order to have the same executed, shall deliver a printed copy of the several clauses contained in this act relating to bailiffs, serjeants, and other officers and persons who shall be employed under them respectively to execute any writ, process, or attachment, or who shall arrest any person on any action which shall be entered, or otherwise, within their respective sheriffwicks or jurisdictions, to every such bailiff, serjeant, officer, and other person, and shall make it part of the condition of every security or bond which shall be given or made to any such sheriff or under sheriff, or bailiff of any liberty, by any bailiff, serjeant at mace, or other officer or person, who shall be employed or instructed to execute such writ or process as aforesaid under him, them, or any of them, that every such bailiff, serjeant at mace, or officer, and other person respectively, shall and will shew and deliver a copy of the said clauses to every person he shall arrest by virtue of any process, action, writ, or attachment, or under any warrant made out thereon, and carry or go with to any publick or other house where any liquor shall be sold; and also shall and will permit every such person who shall be so arrested, or any friend of him or her, to read over the same clauses, before any liquor, meat, or victuals, shall be, at any such publick or other house, called for, or brought to, any such person who shall be so under arrest there;

---

[Officer offending in the premises, besides the

and in case any bailiff, serjeant at mace, or other officer*the

or person, shall, in any respect, oflfend in the premisses, every premisses, be-such offence, besides the breach of the condition of every such tides the security bond, shall be accounted and deemed a misdemeanor in breach ofoo-the execution of the process or action on which any such person was arrested, and shall be punishable as such by virtue of ed for a mif-this ademeanor.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sheriff* and That every sheriff, under sheriff, bailiff of any liberty, gaoler and £aol?V0 keeper of any prison or gaol, and other person and persons, to m

whose custody or keeping any one hath been, or hereafter shall fend f0r, or be, arrested, taken, committed, or charged in execution, by vir- have brought tue of any writ, process, or atftion, or attachment, shall, at allto them, vic-times hereafter, permit and suffer every such person and persons, fj^hat F during his, her, and their respective continuance under arrest or piace they*in custody, or in execution for any debt, damages, costs, or con- shall thin* fit j tempt, at his, her, and their free will and pleasure, to fend for, or have brought to him, her, or them, at seasonable times in the day time, any beer, ale, vicftuals, or other necessary food, from what place he, she, or they shall think fit, or can have the same; ^tQ have and also to have and use such bedding, linen, and other necef- and use such fary things, as he, she, or they shall have occasion for and think bedding and fit, or shall be supplied with, during his, her, or their continu-linen, &c. a* ance under any such arrest or commitment, without purloining or detaining the same, or any part thereof, or inforcing or requiring

plied with,

Ago Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c8. £17&

without pur-

him, her, or them, to pay for the bavingor using the re-loiuing onde-^or putting any manner of restraint or difficulty upon him* oflor'^lieiife ber> or t^iem> inhe using thereof, or relating thereto; and no them to pay 5 such prisoner or prisoners shall pay any thing in respctjfc therefor the (aroe. of to any such sheriff, under sheriff, bailiff of any liberty, gaoler, keeper, or other penon as aforesaid.

The L. C. Ju.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar fticei of the Lord chief justice of the court of King's Bench, the lord chief Confinon^0 'justice of the court of Common Picas, and the lord chief baron of Pleas, and Ex- the court of exchequer, for the time being, or any two of them, chequer,ith together with the mayor and two of the aldermen, or with throe the mayor of tj}C aldermen of the city of London without the mayor for the dermein of" ^mcfor a°d in respe^ of the gaols and prisons within the Xondon, for said city of London; and the said lordschief justices, and lord the prifwvs chief baron, or any two of them, with three justices of the pe^ce within the of t[ie counties of Middlesex and Surry respectively, for and in rc-suid the L C.Pe<^ of the gaols and prisons in the said counties of Af: ddlejis Indices, and and Surry respectively j are hereby respectively required, vri± L. C. Baron, all convenient fpced, to meet, from time to time, at such plact with three as they shall think fit and appoint, and there to settle and establishz pcacCcforMid-ta^e the rates and fees which shall be allowed to be taken bj dldtxandSur any gaoler or keeper in London, or in the several counties of Md-ry, lor the dlcfex and Surry, where the same hath not been already establish-prisons in the ecj. and where the same hath been already established, they are tojnce^and* hereby respectively authorized to meet together as aforesaid, and vary the same from time to time as they shall see occasion; and the justices of the peace of every -other county, riding, division, city, and place, for and in respect of the gaols and prisons in each other respective county, riding, division, city, town, and place, are hereby respectively authorized and required, at any general or quarter session of the peace to be held for such county, riding, division, city, town, or place respectively, with all convc-tle and eftaMifh a table of the respective rates

settle a table of the fees to be taken by the respective gaoler* there oii

and to vary the same as

occasion" r" nienfspeed, to settl and justices at and fees, which shall be allowed to be takep by any gaoler or their general keeper, within their respective jurisdictions, where the same hath or quarter not been already settled and established, and where the same ha h wace\o^been already settled and established, then to vary and alter the make liketa same, from time to time, as there shall be occasion; and that bles of fees to the respective tables of such fees which shall be so made, varied, tak^n by or a*tcr^» or in respectc of the several gaols and prisons with-withmtheirn t^c City London, and counties of Middlesex and Surry afore-respective ju- shall be signed, from time to time, by the said lords chief rifdiftions. jviftices, and lord chief baron? or two of them, and the mayor Tables of the and two aldermen of the said city of London, or by three alder-don Middlesex

men^c*ty London without the mayor, and by three

and Surry Justices of Peace of the counties of Middlesex and Surry gpois, to be 7 respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, by whom the % nod by the same shall be respectively made, varied, or altered; and that the tables of such fees, which shall be made, or altered, or varied, the for or in respect of the rest of the said gaols and prisons, shall,

those for other from time to time, be signed by three or more of the justices of places to be the

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 491

the peace who shall so make or vary, or alter, the same, at any signed by 3 such general or quarter session of the peace as ^fprefiiid, and shall iu*8 |>c afterwards reviewed and confirmed, or moderated, within that jjons part of Great Britain called England, by the judges of assize, and and to be re-lf within the principality of Walts, or county palatine of Cht/ler, viewed, con* by the justices of greit sessions respectively, at the next assizes, fir"5cd, fQ^ K or great sessions, which shall be held in the respective counties, (£e ]udge*of within their several circuits next after the making, or varying, pr assize, or ju-altering of any such table of fees; andhe femje shall be after- ftice* of wards signed by the respective judges of assize, or justices of great ^?n8* wi^ sessions, who mall respectively review, confirm, or moderate the qjctfive qir-fame, and three or more justices of the peace of such respoctive cuitj, county, riding, division, city, town, or place, under their respect and be after-tive hands, for and in respect of the respective gaols and prisons % ^led within their respective circuits, counties, riding, divisioqys, ci- cm* ties, towns, or jurisdictions.

VI. And be it al(b enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Jertfor the proper rules and orders for the better government of the respetf- better go-ive gaols and prifops in that part of Great Britain called Eng- vernment of land, and of the prisoners wjho are or shall be therein, where the gaols, and, such rules and orders have not ahjeady been made, shall, with JJ^f^ all convenient speed, be made by the several courts in Westmin- made by the Jler Hall, for and in re(pc& of the several gaols or prisons be- respective longing to such courts respectively -f and by the said lords chief courts in justices, and lord chief baron, or any two or more of them, to- the

gether with the mayor and two aldermen of the said city of Lon- gao^ t£[ong. don, or three or more aldermen of the said city of London with- me to such put the said mayor, for and ip respect of the gaols and prisons courts*within the said city of London; and by the said lords chief justices, ^Tuitioe* and lord chief baron, or any two of them, for the time being, and L. C*ku together with three or more justices of the peace, for and in re- ron, with the spedt of the gaols and prisons within the said counties of Middlesex

mayor and

and Surry; and by three or more justices of the peace of each f^tho^th* county, riding, or division, city, borough, town corporate, or hTlxmdon1;

place, for and in respect of the gaols and prisons within their re- and by the* peftive counties, ridings, division?, cities, boroughs, townsL* J*itices corporate, or places, at some general or quarter sessions, as afore-'and L* ?* Ba' said; and the same shall afterwards be reviewed, and may bf j^S(Ccs0f the altered, if thought necessary, by the judge or judges of affile, or peace, for justjfe or justices of great sessions respectively, at the next affixesthofe*n Mid* or great sessions which shall be held by them respectively, with- Middlesex apd in their several circuits, after the making or altering of any such and by 3 ]u-rules or orders; and where any rules or order? for regulating or dices of the governing any such gaols or prisons have already been made, or peace, for hereafter shall be made, the lame may, at all times hereafter, betholc, n any enlarged, altered, or amended, as there shall be occasion, by the &cicr countyf respective courts in Westminster Hall, and other the persons for These to be she time being respectively authorized by this act to make and afterwards realter the same: and after every making, enlarging, altering, or and amending thereof, all such rules or orders so enlarged, altered, ^ja^b jugtcr*

pr amended, shall be signed by the judges of each jrespective court judges of af-

in fixe, and ju-

492 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

(licet of great in Westminster Hall^ where any such rules or orders shall be madej sessions re- enlarged, altered, or amended, for and in respect of the prisons and Pr^oners belonging to the said courts respectively; and in enlarged, al- resp& to the other gaols or prisons, or the prisoners therein, by teredfora- the respective persons, for the time being, hereby before autho-mended as rized to make, and review, or alter, such rules or orders, with-occSon^n t^ie^r re^Pe<^lve jurisdictions, as aforesaid: and duplicates d and tobe du- every ta^e°* ^ces which shall be made, enlarged, altered, H fiened. or varied, and of all rules or orders which shall be hereafter mack Duplicates of for regulating any gaol or prison in pursuance of this act, belong-d taWes^fn£to^re*Pe<^vc courts in Westminster Hall, shall be en-fe"* tobe 0t terC(^ anc* enrolled on record in every such respective court, bj enrolled, and the proper officer thereof, without any fee to be paid for the same; entered upon and a like duplicate of every such table of fees, rules, or ord<p, record in the which shall befo made, varied, altered, or amended, and which proper courts* shall concern or relate to any other gaol or prison, or the prisoners therein, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall, from time to time, with all convenient speed after the making or altering, enlarging or varying thereof, be transmited to the respective clerks of the peace of the several counties, ridings, divisions, cities, or places, in or for which the same shall be ntade, altered, enlarged, or varied, and shall be by every such respective derk of the peace, entered or registered on the rolls thcrtoATbe t*, c respc<^ve sessions without fee; and every such clerk of hung up in all the peace shall cause another copy thereof to be hung up in the courts of af- court where every assize? great sessions, or quarter sessions of the great peace, for every such county, riding, division, city, or place re-quarter* fcif- spectively, within his jurisdiction, shall be held, there to remain honsj " and be inspected as occasion shall require; and shall also cauie and transmit- another copy thereof to be transmitted to every gaoler or keeper ted to the re- Of any prison, within the jurisdiction of any such, respective clerfc spective gaol- Of the peace; and every such gaoler or keeper shall forthwith, and kept hung after the receipt of any such table of fees, rules, or orders, cause up in some 6 the same to be hung up in some open or publick room or place, publick room and in a conspicuous manner, in his gaol or prison; and it shall fonaCh bencumbcnt on every such gaoler or keeper, to take care that the same shall, from time to time, be kept up there, and preserved, so as that the prisoners in his gaol or prison may have free and easy resort thereto, at seasonable times in the day time, as occasion shall require, without paying any thing for the same.

Courts in Westminster

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several courts of record in Westminster Hall aforesaid Hall to enquire hereafter, in every Michaelmas term, appoint some day in

er % ch*a-- term> to inquire whether such table of fees, and such rules blcs of fees or orders, as aforesaid, are hung up, and remain publick, and and orders easy to be resorted to, in the several prisons to the said courts re-are duly hung spe<$lively belonging, and whether the same be dqly complied pKed'with, 111" and observed; and shall cause eight days notice to be given

and to give in every such Michaelmas term, to the prisoners in every of the notice to the respective prisons belonging to (he said respective courts in Westminster Hall

the^?Clea^ of the time appointed For such inquiry, and shall t ie time ap- in.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 493

inform themselves touching the same in the best manner they po^d for can, and supply and redress whatever they shall find neglected or such in<luiry* transgressed. T,

VIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That justices of af-the judges and justices of assize, gaol delivery, and great sessions size, &c.to as aforesaid respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, make a like shall, at all assizes and sessions of gaol delivery and great sessions, mclu, rys

as aforesaid, which shall hereafter be held by them, make enquiry whether such table of fees, and rules or orders, as aforesaid, are hung up, and remain publick, to be resorted to in the several gaols or prisons within their respective jurisdictions, and JJd r^ef8 whether the same be duly complied with, and observed: and what shall be shall inform themselves touching the same in the bed manner necessary*they can, and supply and redress whatever they shall find neg- a£d charge leded or transgressed relating thereto, and shall expressly give in juJLg[omake charge to every grand jury impanelled and sworn before them Injuries respectively, to make enquiries concerning the same. therein.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Courts at

the several courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, Westminster, judges of assize, and justices of great sessions, and justices of the justices

peace within their respective jurisdictions, and all of of peace, and for charitable uses, do, from time to time, use their best endea- of yours and diligence to examine after and discover the several for charitable gifts, legacies, and bequests, bestowed or given for the benefit

or advantage of the poor prisoners in the several gaols or prisons quireconcera-within their respective jurisdictions; and they are hereby feve- ing bequests rally authorized, within their respective jurisdictions, to fend for, to poor pri-and cause to be brought before them respectively, any deeds, [°n^sd for wills, writings, books of account, and papers, as they shall re- a° ycpapers ceive information of to be in the custody of any person within and persons their respective jurisdictions, and to concern the premisses; and that may give also may summon, and cause to come before them respectively, there-any person or persons whom they shall have any just reason toap- in* prehend may be able to make any discovery concerning the same; and they are hereby authorized, within their respective jurisdictions, to examine any such person or persons on oath, in order to get at a true discovery thereof, and to order and settle the pay- and to settle ment, recovery, and receipt of any such gifts, legacies, or be- the payment, quests, when so discovered and ascertained, in such easy and ex- ^dpTof such peditious manner and way as shall bethought proper by them re- bequests. spectively, that the prisoners for the future may not be defrauded, but may, without delay, receive the full benefit of all such gifts, legacies, and bequests, according to the true intent of the respective donors thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Table of be-a list or table of such gifts, legacies, and bequests, for the bene- nefaflions to fit of the prisoners in every gaol or prison respectively, as afore- be transmitted said, shall, after every settling thereof, be transmitted by the per-°» ad regj-fons hereby authorized to settle the same, unto the clerks of the Clerks of the peace of the respective counties or places, and shall be registered pcacCj by them respectively, in the manner tables of fees and orders are herein

and a\fo to the gaolers of the prisons tO' which the same relate, and be hung up in Tome publick prate of such prisons.

Where gaolers, bailiffs, or others, shall be guilty of extortion, or other abufet, the court, See. upon petition of the prisoner, is to examine into the farte in a summary way j

and make such order thereupon, for

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 26.

herein befone directed to be raftered by them without any fee to be pa&cbr tho facile; a Ad that a Kft or table of such gifts, legacies, and bequests, shall be fairly written send transmitted, by order of such peffons as aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper of every gaol or prison to which the gifts, charities, or bequests, therein contaftiekftdate, and forthwith after the receipt thereof, shall be hung up by the gaoler or keeper, who shall reactive the same, in a conspicuous mfcArier m fomtf pubKck ptaee m his gaol or prison, and where the prisoners in such gaol or prison may have free and easy rfefort thereto, as occasion may require, without fee; and it shall be the duty of every such gaoler or keeper, to take care that every fudh lift or table of gifts which shall be transmitted to any such gaol or prison, or a true? copy thereof, shall, from time to time thereafter, be kept huftg up as aforesaid in his respective gaol or prison.

XI. And, for the more speedy fumshing gaolers, bailiff's, and others, employed in the execution of process, for extottion, or other abuses in their respective offices and places, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the petition, in term time, of any prisoner or person being, or having been, under arrest or in custody, complaining of any exaction or extortion by any gaoler, bailiff, or other Officer or person, < ini or employed in the keeping or taking care of any gaol or prison, or other place, where any such prisoner or person under, or having been under, arrest or in custody, by any process or adHon, is or shall have beeh carried or in respect of the arresting or apprehending any person or persons, by virtue of any process, kdfion, or warrant, or of any other abuse whatsoever committed or dbne in their respective offices or places, unto any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, from whence the process issued, by which any person who shall so petition was arrested, or under whose power or jurisdiction any such gaol, prison, or place, is; or in Vacation time, to any judge of any such courts at Westminster, from whence any such process so issued; or to the judges or assize, or justices of great sessions, in their respective circuits; or to the judge or judges of any other court of record, where any prisoner or person being, or having been, under at+eft or in custody, Was arrested or in custody by process issued out of, or action entered in, ahy such other court of record within that part of Great Britain called England; and if within the principality of Wales, or county palatine of Chester, then to the justices at same great sessions to be holden for the county in the principality of Wales, or for the county palatine of Chester, where any such prisoner or person being, or having been, under arrest or in custody, was arrested or in custody, in the said principality of Wales, or county palatine of Chester; every such court, judges of assize, and justices of great sessions, and judge and judges of all inferior courts of record, are hereby authorized and* required respectively, within their several jurisdictions, to hear and determine the same in a summary way, and to make such order thereupon for redressing the abuses which shall, by any such petition, be complained of, and for punishing

Ili Ox-

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 26. 495

such officer or person complained against, and for making redressing the reparation to the party or parties i -.tired, as they shall think a^1l<iQ, i^n<Jhe just, together with the full costs of every such complaint; and offender, 8 at all orders and determinations which shall be thereupon made, they shall by any of the said courts, or any of the said judges, justices of thi'ik just; assize, justices of great sessions, judge or judges of any such inferior court as aforesaid respectively, in such summary way as is c°^ td herein prescribed, shall have the lame effect, force, and virtue, order*, and obedience thereunto may be inforced by the respective courts, judges, justices of assize, justices of great sessions, judge or judges of any such inferior court, by attachment, or in any other manner, as other orders of the said respective courts, judges, justices of assize and great sessions, judge or judges of inferior courts of record, may be inforced.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Qao|crt^ ta^e That no gaoler or keeper of any goal, or prison, or other per- no other fees son thereto belonging, shall demand, take, or receive, directly than what or indirectly, of any prisoner or prisoners, for debt, damages, Piall bca]{°w-costs, of contempt, any other or greater fee or fees whatsoever }"CatcVtaWen" for his, her, or their commitment, or coming into gaol, cham- Of fccs.

her relit there, release or discharge, than what shall be mentioned of allowed in the lift or table of fees which is or shall be settled, inrolled, and registered as aforesaid; and that every and (beriffs sheriff, under sheriff, bailiff of any liberty, bailiff, serjeant at anc! othfr rtiace, gaoler, and other officer and person as aforesaid, who shall in any wise offend against this act, shall, for every such Jim to offence against this present act (over and above such penalties or forfeit jol. punishments as he or they shall be liable unto by the laws now (cxcUifive of in force) forfeit and pay to the party thereby aggrieved the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with treble costs of suit, by party aggriev-action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma- td. jesty's courts of record at Westminster \ wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And, for the ease and relief of prisoners who shall be charged in execution for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred pounds, and who shall be willing to satisfy their respective creditors ff far as they are able, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Debtor charg-fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, «d exteu-if any person or persons shall be charged in execution for any ^r^nys sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of jJoTexceeding one hundred pounds, or on which execution or executions there 1001. &c.

shall at any time remain due, as shall be made appear by oath, a sum or (urns of money, not amounting to above the said sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be minded to deliver up to his, her, or their creditor or creditors who shall so charge him, her, or them, in execution, all his, her, or their estate and effects, for or towards the satisfaction of the debt or debts wherewith he, she, or they, shall so stand charged; it shall and may may exhibit a be lawful to and for any such prisoner, before the end of the first pewtion to the

term C0U1 b

496 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

term which shall be next after any such prisoner shall be chargd in execution by his creditor or creditors, to exhibit a petition td any court of law, from Whence the process ffliied upon whic1 any such prisoner was or were taken agd charged in execution as aforesaid, or to the court into which any such prisoner (hal be removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall be charged in custodj, and shall remain in the prison thereof, certifying the cause or causes of his, her, or their imprisonment; and not only letting forth, in every such petition, a just and true account of all th; real and personal estate which he, she, or they so petitioning, or any person or persons in trust for him, her, or them, is, was, Tonal estate at or were intitled to at the time of his, her, or their so petition-^VcharW inS> anc* Incumbrances and charges (if any there be) af-

fedin^ any such real or personal estate of the person or perform

so petitioning, but also a just and true account of all the real and personal estate which any such prisoner or prisoners, or any person or persons in trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, was or were interested in, or intitled to, at th: time of his, her, or their first imprisonment, in the action ia which such person is charged in execution, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, to the bed of the belief ot every such prisoner or prisoners and so far as his, her, or their respective knowledge extends concerning the same; and like-wife a just and true account of all securities wherein any part of the estates of any such prisoner or prisoners consists, and of all the deeds, evidences, writings, books, bonds, notes, and papers, concerning the same, or relating the reto*and the names and places of abode of the witnesses to all securities, bonds, or notes, and where they are to be respectively met with, so far as his, her, or their knowledge extends concerning the same: and before any such petition from any such prisoner or prisoners shall be received by any such court, every such prisoner or prisoners shall give or leave, or cause to be given or left, unto or for all and every the creditor or creditors at whose fuitany such prisoner or prisoners shall stand charged in execution as aforesaid, or his, her or their executors or administrators, and at his, her, or creditor, or his their usual place of abode, or to or for his, her, or their at-attomey, attomey or agent last employed in any such action, suit, cause or causes, in case any such creditor or creditors, his, her* or their executors or administrators, cannot be met with, but not otherwise, fourteen days at least before any such petition shall be presented and received, a notice in writing, signed with the proper name or mark of every such prisoner or prisoners, importing the rein, That such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, doth or do intend to petition the court from whence the process issued, upon which he, she, or they stand charged in execution, 6r into the prison to which any such prisoner shall have been removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall stand charged in execution on any judgement, recovered on any bill or declaration filed or with a copy of delivered in any such court; and also setting forth in every such the schedule notice or writing, a true copy of the account or schedule, in-

certifying therein the causes of his imprisonment, with a schedule of his real and per-

affecting the same,

and also the itate of his effects at the time of his first imprisonment.

and the securities, bonds, notes, and books, relating thereto, with the names and places of abode of the witnesses.

14 days previous notice of such intended petition to be given to the

ley,

whose suit he is charged in execution s

he intends to

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 497

eluding the whole refcl and personal estate of the person or per- deliver into fons so designing to petition, which he, she, or they doth or do courcv intend to deliver into any such court (other than and except the necessary wearing apparel and bedding of the prisoner or prisoners and his, her, or their family, and the tods or instruinents of his, her, or their trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds Affidavit of in value in the whole) and an affidavit of the due service of every the due fer. such notice shall be delivered with every such petition, at the VIC of time of presenting thereof, and openly read in the court to delivered at which any such petition shall be addressed: and if such court the same time shall thereupon be satisfied of the regularity of every such notice, with the peti-such petition shall be received, and such court shall thereupon, tlon into by order or rule of the same court, cause the prisoner or

rca<Topenly 1

prisoners so petitioning to be brought up to such court, on some and a rule to certain day in such order or rule to be specified, and the credi- be made, upon for, or several creditors, at whose suit any such prisoner or pri- recei ving the foners shall stand charged in execution, as aforesaid, his, her, * t{£ or their executors or administrators, to be summoned to appear prisoner into personally, or by his, her, or their attorney, in such court, at court, and some certain day to be (perilled in such rule or order for that purpose: and if any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or^creditor, prisoners, who shall be so summoned, his or her executors or an(j the cre-administrators, shall appear in person, or by his, her, or their at- dhor appear-tomey; or if any such creditor or creditors, his or her executors inS ?r no* aP* or administrators, shall refuse or negleri to appear in person, or P*aring the re* by his, her, or their attorney; then upon affidavit of the due oath being service of such rule or order on him, her, or them, or his, made of the her, or their attorney, if any such creditor or creditors, his, due service of her, or their executors or administrators, Cannot be met with, court to such court shall, in a summary way examine into the matter of examine into every such petition, and hear what can or shall be alledged on the matter of either side, for or against the discharge of any such prisoner or the? petition in prisoners who shall so petition; and upon such examination,summary every such court is hereby required to administer or tender to and admini-the prisoner or prisoners respectively who shall so petition, and fter the oath give such previous notice thereof as herein before is directed, following to an oath to the effect following: that is to say, tht Prisoner*

[The oath.]

I A.B. do swear, in tht presence of Almighty God, That the account by me fit forth in my petition presented to this honourable courts doth contain a full and true account of the real and personal estate, debts, credits, and effefis whatsoever, which /, or any in trust for me, at the time of my firfe imprisonment in this aRion, or at any time same, had, or was in any respeR intitled to, in possesseon, reversion, or remainder (except the wearing apparel and bedding of or for me and my family, and the tools or instruments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole) and also an account bow much of my real and personal estate, debts, credits, or effects, hath fence been disposed ofy released, or iifehargedy and how, to whomy and on what confederation, and for what purpose, and how much thereof /, or any person or persons tn trufl for me, have, or, at

498 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c.a8. [1759.

the time of my presenting my fiAd petition to this honourable court, bad, or which 1 am or was, or any person in trust for me, or far my kfe, is any ways interested in, or intitled to, in possessi*ny rettrr-fion, remainder, or expetlaney, and also a true account of all deeds, writings, books, papers, securities, bonds, and notes, relating thereto, and where the same respectively now are, to the befi of my knowledge and belief, and what charges are now afftfling the real efate I am now seised of, or intitled to (if any such prisoner or prisoners shall be then seised of any real estate) and that I have not, at any time before or since my imprisonment, directly or indirectly, fold, leased, assigned, mortgaged, pawned, or otherwise disposed of or made over in trust for myself, or otherwise than is mentioned in fitch account, any part of my meffaages, lands, tenements, estatesy goods, flock, money, debts, or other real or personal estate, whereby to have or accept any benefit, advantage, or profit, to myfe f or my family, or with any view, aesign, or intent, to deceive, injure, or defraud, any of my creditors to whom I am indebted.

So help me God.

[Court may

And in case any prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid shall, in open thereupon or- court, take the said oath, such court in which any such oath as ment to be aforesaid shall be taken, may then immediately order the mef-made, on the (uages, lands, tenements, goods, and effects, contained in such back of the account, or so much of them as may be sufficient to satisfy the petition, of debt or debts wherewith any such prisoner or prisoners shall eftatVamUf! ^anc* charged in execution, and the fees due to the warden, feds, and # marshal, or keeper of the gaol or prison from which any ibch conveyed to prisoner was brought, to be, by a Short indorsement on the the creditor, back of such petition, and to be signed by the prisoner, assigned and conveyed to the creditor or creditors who shall hare charged any such prisoner in execution (if more than one) his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, for the benefit of him, her, or them, who shall have so charged any such the same to be prisoner in execution (subject nevertheless to all prior incum-subject to brances affecting the same) and the estate, interest, or property,

of all messuages, lands, goods, debts, estates, and effects,

which shall belong to any such prisoner, shall, by such assignment and conveyance as aforesaid, be vested in the person or persons to whom such assignment and conveyance shall be made, according to the estate and interest such prisoner or prisoners Creditor may had therein respectively; and the creditor or creditors to whom thereupon y any such assignment and conveyance shall be made, shall and take possession, may take poueflion of, and sue in his, her, or their name or and sue in like names for the recovery thereof, in like manner as assignees of JT^neesof5 af* of of bankrupts can or may sue for the recovery of of the estates and effects of bankrupts which shall be assigned and of bankrupts; conveyed to them \ and no release of any such prisoner or pri-and no release foners, his or her executors or administrators, or any trustee, er t subsequent ^or him, her, or them, subsequent to such assignment and con-toVuch assign- veyance, shall be pleadable, or be allowed of in bar of any ac-ment, may tien or suit which shall be commenced by any such assignee or be pleaded in assignees

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 499

nflignees of iny such prisoner or prisoners, for the recovery ofbar of any any of his, her, or their estate or effects; and upon every such assignment and conveyance being executed bjf any such prisoner t0make or prisoners, he, she, or they, shall be discharged out of custody a rule for dif-by rule or order of such court, which shall be petitioned by any charge of the such prisoner; and such rule or order being produced to, and a;

copy thereof being left with, any such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, of any prison as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient warrant to him to discharge every such prisoner or prisoners, if charged in execution, or detained for the causes mentioned in his, her, or their respective petition, and no other: and every such (he- and the (be-riff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required, on having such or- riff or gaoler, der produced to him, and a copy thereof left with him, to dif- served charge and set at liberty forthwith, every such prisoner and pri- nJereof^to^set foners who shall be ordered as aforesaid to be so discharged, the prisoner at without taking any fee, or detaining him, her, or them, in re- liberty, spect of any demand of any such sheriff, warden, marftial, gaoler, or keeper, for or in respect of chamber relit or lodging, or otherwise; or for or in respect of any fees theretofore claimed, or due to any such sheriff,; goaler, or keeper, or any employed by or under him or them: and no such sheriff, gaoler, or keep- Shen-ff not^er, shall afterwards be liable to any action of escape, or other to suit or information on that account, or for what he shall do in of escape pursuance of this act; and the person or persons to whom the thereupon, estate and effects of any such prisoner or prisoners shall be af- Assignee to signed and conveyed, (nail, with all convenient speed, fell and make frle of dispose of the estates and effects of every such prisoner which esse^fof^the shall be lb assigned and conyeyed, and shall divide the net pro- prisoner, duce of all such estates and effects amongst the creditors of every and make«such prisoner and prisoners, if more than one, who shall have dividend ac-charged any such prisoner in execution, before the time of such raonelf the" prisoner s petition to be discharged shall have been presented, other credi-rateably and in proportion to their respective debts 5 but in case tors, the person or persons at whose suit any such prisoner or prison- But jf tb? ers flood charged in execution as aforesaid, shall not be satisfied sets difoe-with the truth of any such prisoner's oath, and shall either per- Heving the Tonally, or by his, her, or their attorney* if he, she, or they prisoner4! cannot personally attend, and proof shall be made thereof taoath> the satisfaction of any such court as aforesaid, desire further time to inform him, her, or themselves of the matters contained flier tfm7lbr" therein, any such court may remand any such prisoner or prisoners,

information

and direct him, her, or them, and the person or persons the court is to dissatisfied as aforesaid with such oath, to appear either in per- remand the Ton, or by his, her, or their attorney, on fpme other day to^"urther^ appointed by such said court, some time at furthest within thed°ya ur ier first week of the term next following the time of such examination, but sooner, if any such court shall so think fit 5 and all

Objections to

objections which shall be made as to the insufficiency in point oftbcor form against any prisoner's schedule of his estates and effects, [obemndcia shall be only made the first time, any such prisoner shall be t^e brought up; and if at such second day which shall be appointed,

the prisoner is brought up.

Boo

Creditor not appearing the iccond dan or not making a farther discovery 5 Court to make a rule for discharge of the phibner j

unless the creditor inlist upon his detention.

and covenant to allow him as. +d. per week;

but upon failure, at any time in the payment thereof, the prisoner, upon application to the court, to be dischargedj

upon executing such assignment and conveyance as aforesaid. Prisoner refuting to take the oath, or being detected otfdfity therein, or refuting to execute an alignment, &c. of his e-Jstate, to be continued in execution.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

the creditor or creditors dissatisfied with such oath shall makr default in appearing, either in person, or by his, her, or rber attorney, ttr in case he, she* dr they shall appear, if he, she, or they shall be unable to discover any estate or effects of the prisoner omitted in the account set forth in such his or her pet-tien; then, and in any such case, such court shall, by rule 01 order thereof, immediately cause the said prisoner or prifooeo to be discharged, upon such prisoner or prisoners executing (u& assignment and conveyance of his or her estates and effects, e manner as alignments and conveyances of prisoners estates and effects are herein before directed to be made, unless such cre£-for or creditors who shall have charged any such prisoner or prisoners in execution as aforesaid, his, her, or their executor? or administrators, doth or do insist upon such prisoner or prisoners being detained in prison, and shall agree, by writing signed with his, her, or their name or names, mark or marks, e: under the hand of his, her, or their attorney, in case any foe? creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators shall be out of England, to pay and allow weekly a sum doe exceeding two shillings and four pence, as any such court shall think fit, unto the said prisoner, to be paid every Monde) is every week, so long as any such prisoner shall continue in pnfcr in execution at the suit of any such creditor or creditors; and in every such case, every such prisoner and prisoners shall be remanded back to the pnlon or gaol from whence he, she, or they was or were so brought up, there to continue in execution; but if any failure shall, at any time, be made in the payment of the weekly sum which shall be ordered by any such court to be paid to any such prisoner, such prisoner, upon application in term time to the court where the suit in which any such prisoner shall be charged in execution was commenced, or shall have bees carried on, or in the prison of which court any such prisoner shall stand committed on any Habeas Corpus, or in vacation box, to any judge of any such court, may, by the order of any such court, or judge, be discharged out of custody on every such execution, proof being made before such court, or judge, on oath, of the nonpayment, for any week, of the sum of money ordered and agreed to be weekly paid; but every such prisoner and prisoners, before he, she, or they shall be so discharged qut of custody by any such rule or order, shall execute an assignment and conveyance of his, her, or their estates and effects, in manner herein before directed: and if any prisoner who shall petition or apply for his or her discharge under this act, shall refills to take the said bath herein before directed to be taken, or taking the same, shall afterwards be detected before any such court, or judge, of falsity (herein, or shall refuse to execute such assignment and conveyance of his, her, or their estates and effects as aforesaid, as herein before is required to be made by him, her, or them respectively, he, she, or they shall be presently remanded and continue in execution.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 501

[Where more

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where more creditors than one shall charge any prisoner or prisoners^an

in execution, and shall desire to have such prisoner or prisoners the prisoner's detained in prison, each and every such creditor and creditors detention, shall only respectively pay such weekly sum of money, not ex- they are to pay ceeding one milling and six pence a week, on every Monday in ilina CaTn nots every week, to or for such respective prisoner, as the court be- ^d^per^eek! fore whom any such prisoner or prisoners shall be brought up to be discharged shall, at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, on such note for payment of the weekly sum ordered to be paid being given, direct or appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoner That from and after the said fifteenth day of June, one thousand charged«seven hundred and fifty nine, where any prisoner or prisoners countyand*1 shall be charged in execution in any county gaol, or in any other other gaols, gaol or prison above the space of twenty miles distant from diilant from Westminster Hall\ or the court or courts out of which the

Westminster,

execution or executions shall be issued out against any such prison- [^manner1 er or prisoners, then upon petition being made by any such

by petition,

prisoner or prisoners to the court from whence any such execution and affidavit against any such prisoner or prisoners issued, or in the prison of which court any such prisoner shall be and stand charged in execution, in the like form and manner as the petitions herein before-mentioned of prisoners are directed to be made, and on an affidavit to the purport as affidavits are herein before directed to be made in the case of prisoners in gaol not above twenty miles distant from the court out of which the execution against such prisoner issued, being made and left with such petition, and the court such court (on being satisfied with the truth of such affidavit) is to make a rule hereby authorized and required to make a rule or order to cause the prisoner or prisoners, so petitioning, to be brought to the brought up to next assizes which shall be holden for the county or place where the next he, she, or they, shall be imprisoned, if the same shall be with- affixes* &c. in that part of Great Britain called England; and if within the principality of Wales, or county palatine of Chester, then to cause such prisoner or prisoners to be brought to the next great sessions to be holden for the county in lVa!es> or county palatine of Chester, in which any such prisoner or prisoners shall be imprisoned j and the expence of bringing every such prisoner to 1*. per mile any such assizes, not exceeding one shilling a mile, shall be paid r* P*w to the gaoler, keeper, or officer, who shall bring any such prisoner

hU Spences f

to any such assizes or great sessions, in obedience to any out of the*such rule or order as aforesaid served on him, out of every such prisoner's prisoner's estate or effects, if the same shall be sufficient to pay cl*atc > such expence; and if not, then such expence shall be paid byorbythe the treasurer of the county, riding, division, or place, in which treasurer of any such prisoner shall be imprisoned, out of the flock of the the county, county, riding, division, or place, as the same shall be allowed, directed, or ordered, by any such court from which any such execution shall have been issued against any such prisoner or pri-foi\cr$, or in the prison of which any such prisoner shall be, by

ed on them;

and upon affidavit made

got Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 6, aft.

[1759.

one or more of the judge or judges of assize, justice or juffiet Creditors to of great sessions: and the creditor, or several creditors, hit, be summoned, her, or their executors or administrators, at yrtiofe suit any fed prisoner or prisoners shall stand charged in execution as afcr^ laid, shall, by rule or order of the court from whence the process issued, be summoned to appear at the said next affixes or great sessions, if such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their ex* and a copy of ccutors or administrators, can be met with; and if not, the the rule serv- the attorney last employed for such creditor or creditors shall be summoned to appear there; and a copy of every such rake order shall be served on every of such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, or be left at his, be. or their dwelling house or usual place of abode, or with his, be. or their attorney last employed as aforesaid, fourteen days t lead before the holding of any such assizes or great feffioci; and on an affidavit of such service thereof being laid before# of such service, judge or judges of aflixe, justice or justices of great sessions 3 the court to aforesaid, such judge or judges of assize, justice or justices of grtz appoint a time sessions respectively, on being satisfied with the truth of such sfi* the matter^of ^av*l> is anc* are hereby required to appoint a time for hearing the the petition; matter upon every such petition as aforesaid, on some certain dr and time, on the crown side of every such court or great feflio& and the credi* during such affizesor great sessions; and upon the appearance the* J-appeanng of the creditor or creditors who shall be summoned in pursuanoeu t or jhjs his, her, or their executors or administrators, or z default of the appearance, either in person or by attorney, c: the party or parties who shall have been summoned so to appear, then on proof of his, her, or their being duly served with the notice hereby required to be given, and a copy of the account of the real and personal estate of the prisoner or prisonen deliring to be discharged being comprised to such notice, an: also of the rule of such court for his, her, or their appearances such aflizesor great sessions, having been duly fervedas herein be* fore is directed, the judge or judges of such assizes or great feflio&s proceedtVcre- respectively, as the case shall happen to be, shall there, ini in in a sum summary way, examine into the matter of every such petition,

mary way; and hear what can or shall be alledged, on either side, fora

against the discharge of the prisoner or prisoners so petitioning; and upon every such examination, such judge and judges of at*

fixe and great sessions respectively, or any one of them, is and

and administer are hereby impowered and required respectively, within thet the oath to respective jurisdictions, to administer or tender to evefy feds the prisoner; prisoner, thp same oath as herein before is directed and appointed to be taken by any prisoner, before the judges of the cocn and make such 9ut whtoh the process, upon which any such prisoner was order in the taken in execution, issued; and such said jucjge or judges ei assize, justice or justices of great sessions respectively, or arty ore of them, is and are hereby respectively authorized and require! to make such order in the prepiifles as to him or them shall fee meet, and to proceed in the same manner concerning the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners in any prison wi^tbip thek .'*rt

thereto, or not,

Proof being made of their being duly served with the notice, and copy of the schedule of the prisoner's estate, the court to

premisses as shall seem meet, and proceed as aforesaid concerning the prisoner's discharge.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 503

respective jurisdictions, and to give the time judgement, relief, and directions relating thereto, as any court out of which any process shall ifltie against any such prisoner as aforesaid, is here* in before impowered and directed to do: and every order which shall be made in the premisses by any such judge or judges of Order to (land

assize or great sessions, shall be as valid and effectual as if th*g°°<l»and be

same had been made in the court out of which the process issued u^011

on which any such prisoner was charged in execution j and there same, shall be made a record of the proceedings at such assizes or great sessions, as the case shall happen to be, and a copy thereof shall, from thence, be transmitted to the court from whence the execution against the prisoner or prisoners discharged, issued, or was awarded, signed by the judge or judges of assize or great sessions, to be a record of the said court, and to be kept as such amongst the other records thereof.

XVI. And whereas it sometimes happens that persons who are prisoners in execution in gaol for debt or damagesr will rather spend their substance in prison^ than discover and deliver up the same towards satisfying their creditors their just debts, or so much thereof as such substance will extend to pay; be it therefore further enacted, That prisoner re* if any prisoner now committed to any prison or gaol, and charg- fusing to deli* ed in execution for any debt or damages not exceeding the sum v^r UP hl* of one hundred pounds, besides costs of suit, shall not, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven tisfy his cre-hundred and fifty nine, make satisfaction to the creditor or ere- ditors, ditors, his, her, or their, executors or administrators, at whose suit any such prisoner shall be so charged in execution for such debt or damages, and the costs of such suit; or if any prisoner, who after the said fifteenth day of June, one thousand sevenhun-dred and fifty nine, shall be committed or charged in execution in any^prison or gaol, for any debt or damages not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, besides costs of suit, shall not, within three months next after every such prisoner, after the? laid fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be committed or charged in execution as aforesaid, nuke satisfaction to his, her, or their, creditor or creditors, who shall charge any such prisoner in execution as aforesaid, his, her, or their, executors or administrators, for such debt, damages, and costs; then, and in any of the said cases, any such^cl7uchly creditor or creditors, his, her, or their, executors or admini- prisoner to be strators, is and are hereby authorized and impowered to require brought up*every/-such respective prisoner or prisoners, on giving twenty and deliver in-days notice in writing to him or her respectively, that such cre-> scheXVe of ditor or creditors, his, her, or their, executors or administrators; jji8 efhte and design to compel any such prisoner to give in to the court at law, effects, and from which the writ or process issued on which any such pri- theincum-foner is or shall be chargedin execution as aforesaid, or into t^e^[anthCe8^" court in the.prison of which any such prisoner hath been or shall 0cath?C# be removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall remain, or be charged in giving the * execution, within the first seven days of the term which shall next prisoner % o gnfuethe expiration of the said twenty days, in refj>c<ft to any

504 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

prisoner charged in any of the prisons belonging to any of the courts in IVsJlminftir Hall; and at the second court which shall be held by any such other court of record after the expiration of the said twenty days, in respect to any prisoner charged in any prison belonging to any such other court; and where any such prisoner is or shall be charged in execution, in any county gad, or other gaol or prison, above the space of twenty miles distant from tVeJimnJlen Hall, or the court or courts out of which the writ or process on which any such prisoner is or shall be (b charged in execution issued, or shall iliac; then to give in, upon oath, at the assizes or great sessions as aforesaid, and on the crown side thereof, which shall be held for the county or place in the prison of which any such prisoner shall be, next after the expiration of such twenty days from the time of giving any such notice as aforesaid to any such prisoner, a true account in writing, and to be signed with the proper name or mark of every such prisoner, of all the real and personal eflateof such prisoner, and of all incumbrances affecting the same, to the belt of the in order that knowledge and belief of such prisoner, in order that the estate an(* C^S ^uck P^foner may be divested out of him or her, dnrcft^outbeanc* ay» by the court, judge or judges, justice or justices, as of him, and aforesaid, be ordered to be assigned and conveyed, in manner assigned and and for the purposes herein after declared: and every such cre-convcycd as ditor or creditors, as aforesaid, who shall require any such pri-tbrested.* f°ner to^brought up as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid. Like notice to shall also cive twenty days like notice in writing, of such his, be given of ster, or their intention, to require any fufch prisoner to be such intention brought up as aforesaid, to discover and deliver up his or her e-creditori*&atc as afore^a^» to11 and every other creditor and creditors of every such prisoner, at whose suit any such prisoner shall be detained or charged in custody in any such gaol or prison, if such prisoner shall be there detained in custody, or charged in execution, at the suit of any other creditor or creditors besides the creditor or creditors giving such notice as aforesaid, if such other creditor or creditors can be found out or met with, and if not, then to the several attornies last employed in the respective actions or suits, in which any such prisoner or prisoners shall De so detained or charged in custody by any such other creditor and also to the 9r creditors of such prisoner; and shall likewise give a like no-(hcrift and tice in writing to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or keeper of the gaoler, gaol or prison in which any such prisoner or prisoners shall be detained in custody, or committed or charged in execution as aforesaid, of such his or her intention to have any such prison-requiringr brought up, and to require such sheriff or sheriffs, gaokr them to bring or gaolers, respectively, to bring up every such prisoner aocord-up such pri- ipgly: and every such notice which shall be so given to any such sheriff or sheriff, gaoler or gaolers, shall be so given to him or them respectively, twenty days at lead before the time appointed for any such prisoner to be so brought up; and thereupon every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, respodive-ly, to whom any such notice as aforesaid shall be so given, shall, at the cods of such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their, executors

loner;

who is to be brought accordingly at the costs of thf creditors;

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 8. 505

or administrators, cause every such prisoner to be brought, as by such notice in writing shall be required, to such court, assizes, or great sessions as aforesaid, together with a copy or*copy causes of his or her respective detainer or detainers there; and hwdetamer« if any such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, on any such notice in writing being given to him or them as aforesaid, &*& °r_ and tender being made to him or them, by or on the behalf of the"

any such creditor or creditors aforesaid, of reasonable charges, promflfei, after not exceeding one shilling a mile, to bring up the prisoner or ope aotice prisoners required as aforesaid to be so brought up to any such glv court, assizes, or great sessions as aforesaid, shall neglect torefufe J^JfonaWe so bring the re the prisoner or prisoners so required to be brought charges, there as aforesaid, and at the time he or she shall be so required to be brought there, together with a copy of his, her, or their detainer or detainers in any such gaol or prison; every such (he- forfe5t sol. to riff and sheriffs, gaoler and keeper, who (halt so offend in the the party ag. premisses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum grieyed, of twenty pounds, to be recovered by the party aggrieved by action of debt, bill, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if any such offence shall be committed out of the said principality of JVaki9 or county palatine of Chester; and if any such offence shall be committed in the principality of IVdti, or county palatine of Chtjier9 then in some with treble court of record in the said principality of Wales, or county pa- costs of salt, latine of Chester, within the jurisdiction of which any such offence shall be so committed, together with treble costs ot suit.

prisoner, upon

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, proof of due That every prisoner charged, or who shall be charged, in exe- notice as, cution as aforesaid, and who, in pursuance of this act, shall, at riven

the desire of any of his, her, or their creditor or creditors, his him, is tode-her, or their executors or administrators, be brought up to any liver in, upon such court, affixes, orgreat sessions, as aforesaid, shall, on proof oath> to^being the re first made of such notices as are herein before directed drie^f his

to be given having been given, deliver in there in open court, estate.and ef-iipon oath, within the time herein before for that purpose pre- fefts, and sign. feribed, a full, true, and just account, disclosure, and discovery, by in writing, of the whole of his or her real and personal estate, and of all books, papers, writings, and securities, relating thereto, and also of all incumbrances then affecting the same, and the respective times when made, to the belt of his or her knowledge and belief (other than and except the necessary wearing apparel, and bedding of such prisoner, and his or her family, and the necessary tools or in&ruments of his or her respective trade or calling, not exceeding the value often pounds in the whole) which

: delivering in of any j every such prisoner shall be assigned and conveyed by such prisoner trutt. for the respectively, by a Short endorsement on the back of every such Q^tors '

account as shall be so delivered in, to such person or persons as

the court, judge or judges, justice or justices, in which, or to whom, any such account shall be so given in, (halt order or direct.

506 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

red, in trust, and for the benefit of the creditor or creditors whe shall have required any such prisoner to be brought up as aforesaid, and of such other creditor or creditors (if any) of every such respective prisoner at whole suit or suits any such prisoner shall be charged in custody, or in execution, in any such prison or gaol, and who shall, by any memorandum or writing to be signed by such creditor or creditors respectively, before any such ebey agreeing conveyance or assignment shall be made, content to any such to hit di£ prisoner's being discharged out of gaol or prison, at Ins, her, or charge, ^_ their suit or suits, and also agree to take or accept a proportion-^pfoportiM- dividend of such prisoner's estateand effects, with the credi-aWeivUJ*nd for or creditors who shall have required any such prisoner to be of his effects 5 brought up as aforesaid; and if there shall be no other creditor but if any or creditors as aforesaid of such prisoner, or there beirtg any mme t^reto, ^uc*1*such ot^cr cre^'for or creditors as aforesaid shall not then the same' agree in writing todischarge such prisoner, and accept such proto be in trust, portionable dividend as aforesaid of the estate and effects of any for thecredi- such prisoner; then in trust for the creditor or creditors only qu^Jthe" require any such prisoner to be brought up for the

prisoner to bePurP°^e aforesaid: and by such alignment and conveyance 2* brought up aforesaid, all the prisoner's estate and effects shall be veiled ia for the pur- the creditor or creditors to whom the same shall be assigned and ^erohw re- mft 38 aforesaid; and if any overplus shall

Overplus re- wuu, vtu>MU l, uu aj remain

roaimng after any so*h prisoner's estate, after payment of the debt, or da-all charges, to mages, and costs, which shall be due to any creditor or creditors l^e paid to the respectively at whose suit or suits any such prisoner as aforesaid prisoner, shall, in of this act, be discharged out of gaol or pri-

son, on delivering up his or her estate ami effects as aforesaid, and all reasonable charges expended in or by means of getting in of such estate or effects, the same shall be paid to such prisoner, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns: and

Prisoner com- uP°n every such discovery, assignment, and conveyance, being plying, to the made and executed by any such prisoner, to the satisfaction at satisfaction of the court, judge or judges of assize, justice or justices of great befaatiiber ^eons> before whom the same shall be respectively made, every ty} r' such prisoner, and prisoners shall, by such court, judge or judges

justice or justices, be discharged, and set at liberty, in the a&kmnd charges, at the suit of the creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, who shall require any such prisoner to be so brought up, and also in the actions and charges of every other creditor of any such prisoner, his, her, or their executors or administrators, who shall sign any such confirm as aforesaid, for any such.prisoner $ discharge, with the same benefit of making use of such his or her discharge, as is herein before provided for prisoners seeking, and who shall obtain, their discharge, under the provisions contained in the former part of this act; and no greater fee than two shillings and six pence in pwingforhit the whole, shall be paid or taken for any such discharge, by all or'*?r8r*ei any officer or officers of any such courts, afT>ze$, or great fef- (tons.; and no stamp shall be necessary on any such assignmem

and conveyance as aforesaid, or apy rule, or order, which shall

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 507

be made for any such discharge; but all the future effects oFFoturedftfts every such prisoner (other than except the necessary wearing pare!, and bidding, of such prisoner, and his or her family, and the necessary tools or instruments of his or her respective trade or calling) shall be and remain liable to satisfy his or her debts, if the same shall not be fully paid from his or her estate which shall be assigned and conveyed as aforesaid; and no advantage shall be had or taken in any action or suit which shall be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors,

the

or administrators, for that the cause of action did not accrue fotute of within six years next before the commencing of any such action limitation, or suit, unless such prisoner was intitled to take such advantage before he or she flood charged in custodyby virtue of the origi- '^before he nal suit or action; and in any such, case the lame may be pleaded food charged by any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, oradminiflra-incustodyon tors: and if any prisoner charged, or who shall be charged, in*b.c onguwl execution, in any prison or gaol, and who shall be required as prisoner net-aforesaid to be brought up to any such court, assizes, or great leaing or sessions as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in and sub-refitting ro. ferihe such just and true account of his or her whole estate and deliver* effects in any such court, or at any such assizes, or great sessions "

as aforesaid, as the case may happen to be, within the time herein efo&s, before limited or appointed for the doing thereof, or within sixty days then next following, without offering and making appear some just excuse for every such negJedt or refusal, to be allowed of by the court, judge or judges of assize, justice or ju-fticcs of great sessions as aforesaid, or who shall refuse to assignorto make at or convey his or her estate and effects, according to the order of any such court, judge or judges, justice or justices is aforesaid; ^f*ncc he or she so offending in any of the said cases, and who shall be*convicted of any such offence upon any indictment found against him or her, shall thereupon have judgment for transportation pronounced against him or her, and shall be transported, according to the laws made and now in force for transportation oft0* felons, to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in for 7

r/V(7, for the term of seven years: and if any such prisoner fliajland delivering deliver in any false or untrue account of his or her estate or ef-in a false ac-fedts, or shall designedly conceal, and not insert in the accountcounV he or she shall deliver in and subscribe as aforesaid, any books*papers, securities, or writings, relating to his or her estate and effects, with intent to defraud his Or her creditor or creditors, and shall be thereof convicted on any indictment found againstt0 fufor the him or her in respect thereof; be or fne fb offending, and being pains and convicted as aforesaid thereof, shall suffer the pains and penal-penalties of tics which by law are to be inflicted on any person convicted of wilful Perjur>* wilful perjury.

[Personi convicted of per-

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who shall take any oath as by this act is required to be taken, shall, upon any Indictment iury to*for perjury, be convicted by his, her, or their own connection, ma*' or by verdict of twelve lawful men; the person foeoqpldtfed shall 9

50? Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. [1759.

Pliable suffer the pains and forfeitures which by law are to be inflicted on any person convicted of wilful perjury; and shall likewise n0v0> and be liable to be taken on any process de novo9 and charged in exe-charged in cution for the said debt, in the same manner as if he or she had cJec«tk>n for not been discharged, or not taken or charged in execution before, and never an<* never a^tcr have the benefit of this act; any thing have the bene- herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. fit of this act.

XIX. Provided likewise* and it is hereby further enacted, Iftte^f°n- That if the effects of any prisoner or prisoners, which shall be ^lnotfatisfy assigned an^ conyeyed in pursuance of this act, shall not extend his debt, and to Satisfy the whole debt due to the creditors as aforesaid of the warden's prisoner who shall be so discharged, and the fees due to the war-fees, &c. Jen, marshal, or gaoler, from any such prisoner; then such ncc^ve only a warden, marshal, or gaoler, shall only receive a proportional divi-proportional dend from such prisoner's estate, in respect of such fees, pro rcta dividend with with the other creditors as aforesaid of such prisoner or prisoners. the other

XX. Provided further, and be it hereby also enacted, That Prisonerdif- t*lc Pr*f°ner or prisoners who shall be so discharged by virtue of charged not* this act, shall never after be arrested for the same debt or debts; liable to arrest, nor shall any allion of debt be brought against him, her, or or action, for them, on any such judgment, unless he, she, or they shall, unlel^Domda-un^cr l^8 act* he convicted of wilful perjury; but riotwith-ed of perjury5* landing any discharge obtained by virtue of this act for the per-but the judge-son of any such prisoner or prisoners, the judgment obtained to r.e* against every such prisoner and prisoners shall continue and remain ^ei^cut^n force> and execution may at any time be taken out thereon may be had against the lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, goods thereon against or chattels, of any such prisoner or prisoners, other than and his estate and except the necessary wearing apparel, and bedding for him, her, effects- or themselves and family, and the necessary tools for the use of his, her, or their trade or occupation, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole, as if he, she, or they had never been before arrested, taken in execution, and released out of prison, by virtue of, or under this act.

A Sign ccs may

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, compound That any assignee or assignees to whom, by virtue of this with the ere- the estate or cffe6ls of any prisoner or prisoners discharged by this discharge of a<*1* b aligned, is and are hereby impowered to make com-their debts; position with any debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable part of any debt due, as can, upon any such composition, be gotten, in full discharge of such debt or f account; and alfp to submit any difference or dispute concerning

disputesTe- any Part of arW &ch prisoner's estate or effects, or by reason or hiring to the rpeaps of any matter, cause, or thing relating thereto, or to such prisoner's prisoner or prisoners, or in respect of any debt claimed to be due 10 prisoner or prisoners, to the final end and determination to arbitration arbitrators to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and &c, 1 the party or parties with whom any such difference shall be; and

if such arbitrators cannot agree in the 6me, then to submit the same to this determination of any umpire to be chosen by them.

95

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 509

or otherwise to settle and agree the matte* in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as such assignee or assignees shall think fit, and can agree; and the same shall be binding* as well the same to be to all other of the said prisoner or prisoners creditors as aforesaid, bioding to who shall have charged him, her, or them, in custody or exe- creditor* and cution, as also to every such prisoner and prisoners and every Affile* in-such assignee and assignees is and are indemnified for what he or demnified they shall fairly, and without any fraudulent design, do in the therein, premisses, according to the direction of this act.

XXII. And % to the intent the estate and effefls of such prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this all may be truly and fairly applied; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

; That it shall be lawful for the respective courts at Westminster, on complaint: from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or to court of any prisoners was or were charged in execution, and whose estate and insufficiency,

effects in pursuance of this act shall have been assigned as by this fraud» mifma- act is directed, or where any such prisoner shall have been charged ot^UbeSL; in execution by process issued out of any other court, it shall be viour of the

lawful for the judges of the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, assignees, and Exchequer, or any one of them, from time to time, on the petition of any creditor of such prisoner or prisoners who had charged any such prisoner in execution, or of such prisoner or prisoners, to any such court, or any judge thereof, complaining*of any insufficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any such assignee or assignees, to order the respective

parties concerned to attend such court or judge on the matter of the parties to 1 every such petition, at same certain time in such order to be bc ordered to mentioned; and every such court at Westminster, and also every coumhereon-judge thereof, on hearing the parties concerned therein, is aQtj tjlc court*

hereby authorized to make such order, and give such direction's make such'in the premisses, either for the removal or displacing such aflfg- order therein nee or assignees, and appointing any new or other assignee or assignees in the place or (lead of such assignee or assignees so to n 1

1 be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, jufi, or equitable management or distribution of the said estate and effects, for the benefit of the respective creditors as aforesaid of such prisoner or prisoners, as any of the said courts at Westminster^ or judges there, °n removal respectively shall think fit; and ip case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any prflbner's new assignee or assignees, the eftgte or effects of such prisoner or estate and prisoners shall from thenceforth be divefied out of the assignee effects to be or assignees so removed or displaced, and he veiled in, and de- jC?cd-ian^ livered over to, the new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, ^new W and for the like intents and purposes, as the same were before assignees. vested in the former assignee or assignees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all and every case and cases where mutual credit shall have been given between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged under thigact* been given, and any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, before the delivery of any schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath, as by this act

£io

the assignees may only date the account, and demand the balance.

None intitled to the benefit of this act, who have taken, or shall take, the benefit of any act of insolvency $ tmless compelled by a creditor to deliver up hit estate and effects.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 29. [1759.

ft is herein before directed; then, and in every such case, the respective assignee or assignees of such prisoner or prisoners shall have power, and is and are hereby required, on his or their part or parts, to (late and allow an account between them; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested by any alignment which shall be made in pursuance of this act, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to have been due to him, her, or them respectively, and to bejufth coming to him, her, or them, on or for the balance of such account wheh truly dated.

---

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons who hath or have already taken, or shall hereafter take, the benefit of any act for the relief of insolvent debtors, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, or be deemed to be within the meaning hereof, so as to gain any discharge, unless compelled by any creditor to discover and deliver up his or her estate and effects; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]

XXV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for further regulating the power of taking samples of foreign spirituous liquors by the officers of excise; and also for impowering the traders to take such samples before the duties are charged.

---

Preamble, re.

WHEREAS b* ckuft in on atl f parliament pajfdh

eking cfause in* the last jejfiott of parliament, intituled An act for continual 31 Geo. s. ing certain laws therein mentioned relating to British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and to the allowance uppn the exportation of British made gunpowder; and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar.colonies in America; and to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before the duties of excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign exciseable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the drawback on certain East India callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new passage leading from Charing Crsj in order to enable the gaugers or officers of excise the better to afcrrtsh the proof of all foreign imported liquors liable to the duties cf exci/iy it was enacted, That it Should be lawful to And for the gaugers or officers of the excise at any time or times to take a /ample or samples (not exceeding one quart in the whole) out of each of the casks, or other package, containing such foreign spirituous liquors, paying for such sample or samples of liquors after the rate ofsixteen jbilhngs per gallon: and whereas the taking so great a quantity as a quart out of each of the said casks> or other package, is unnecessary, and the paying for the same at the before mentioned rate will be detrimental to tb<

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 3.

5"

revenue \ and whereas till of late the importers or proprietors of such foreign spirituous liquors, or their faflors or agents, were permitted to take a Jample out of each cask, or other package, and to land fitch fam-pie without paying any duty for the same, by means whereof they were enabled to, and did for the most party fell such foreign spirituous liquors whilst on shipioard: And whereas for some time la ft pajl, fitch permission hath, in many injlancety been refused, C which hath proved a great inconvenience to the said trade: For remedy whereof it is hereby enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful* fiw the gaugers or other officers of excise, at any time before the impowered to gauging, to lake a (ample or (amples, not exceeding half a pint take samples _ in the whole, out of each of the casks, or other package, con- gratis of spiri-taining such spirituous liquors, without paying for the same; and not CTceeding that it shall and may be lawful for the importers or proprietors half a pint, S of such foreign spirituous liquors* their factors or agents, to take, out of each in the presence of one or more of the gaugers or other officers ofcasK» excise, a sample or samples, ndt exceeding half pint in the whole, ^owed"*

out of every cask, or other package, containing such spirituous to take a like liquors, whilst the same shall be on shipboard, and before the quantity as landing thereof, and to land such (ample or samples, without Jamples also, paying any duty for the same.'

II. Provided nevertheless, That still it shall and may be law- thereof, -ful for the said officers of excise to take the like sample or fam- Officers may pies, not exceeding half a pint in the whole, out of e^ch cask, j^so t.ake 1, kc or other package, containing such spirituous liquors, in any th^Fandine^ (hop, warehouse, or other place, belonging to any dealer in the and being6 same, paying for such sample or samples (if demanded) accord- lodged in ing to the market price liquor of the like quality shall be sold for warehouses* at the time such sample or samples shall be taken. for t£yftme.

CAP. XXX.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been pnrehafed for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and rlymouth^nd for better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an act of the last session of parliament5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting aft 31 Geo. 2. A sum not exceeding 34, 5211. 15s.d. to be issued and applied out of the aids granted for the service of the year S759, towards making Compensation to the partiesinterested. Bills to be made out for the respective sums and intereil by the surveyor general of the ordnance, and debentures to be issued thereupon j which are to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance. Where the debentures shall be refused to be accepted, they are to be deposited with the derkof the peace of the county, and acquitances taken for the same 5 and the lands thereupon to vest to his Majesty's use. Where the parties interested shall be disabled by law from taking and disposing of the money, it is then to be paid to the remembrancer of the exchequer, and to be laid out in the purchase of other lauds, to be conveyed and settled to the faine.uses j and till such puFchafes can be made, is to be placed out at interest. The lands, &c. taken in for fortifying the docks at Portsmouth and Chatham, charge-

No cambricks or French lawns to be imported but in Dales, &c. covered with cloth, containing each 100 whole pieces, or 200 naif pieces; on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 31, 3a.

[1759.

able to the land tai and parifer taxes, Seewhich are to be paid by the ft ore keeper, and allowed in hp accounts; and in case of nonpayment may be levied on him.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain furas of money out of the sinking fund i and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine 5 and for relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a bond entered into by him for fecoring the duties on tobacco imported.

[Preamble.]

180, 076k 17s. jq. surplut remaining* in the exchequer of the produce of the sinking tuna, for the quarter ending 5 AprH 1759, to be issued and applied towards the supptics granted for the year 1759. A further sum not exceeding, 250, 0001. to be issued and applied out of the growing produce of the said fund, towards the said supply. Surplus remaining of the sum of ioo, ooool. granted in the last session towards defraying the charge of pay and eloathing of the militia 1 as also the him of 75, 308k 3s. sod. sq. overplus of the grants for the year 1758}.witirthe sum ef 100, 000k repaid into the excoeouer, being the sum voted to the Empress of RufGa in the year 1755, to oe issued and applied towards the said supply. In case of want of money for carrying on the current service, the treasury may borrow a sum to make goodiuch deficiency, upon the credit of the growing produce of the said fund; to be repaid quarterly; with iaterest. Bank may advance thereon any sum not exceeding 0, 250, 000k notwithstanding the act of 5 & 6 W. & M. Treasury impower ed to discharge Samuel Taylor from the penalty and payment of the bond entered into by him for securing the duties on tobacco imported.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent t$nr portation of cambricks and French lawns* f \

WHEREAS the acts made in the eighteenth and twenty first year 1 of the reign of his present Mmejlji for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns, ' have not been effectual to prevent the fraudulentimpor fatten thereof; therefore, for the amending and enforcing the said adfcs, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons; in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of A^tj/Zonethoufirnd ven hundred and fifty nine, no cambricks, French lawns, or other linnens whatsoever, of the kind usually entered under the denomination of cambricks, shall be imported, or brought into any port or place whatsoever within Great Britain, unless the same bp packed in bales, cases, or boxes, covered with fackdoth or canvas, each of which bales, cases, or boxes, shall centum one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred derni or half pieces; efftsdx cambricks or French lawns.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any cambricks or French lawns shall be imported in any other form or manner, or in any less quantity, than is herein before mentioned and allowed, in each and every of the said cases, ttte cambricks or French lawns so imported, or found on board any ship or veflH in this kingdom, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fetfed by any officer or officers of the custpms.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. i*- 5*3

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* same to That from and after the said first day of August one thousand f^rexSorution seven hundred and £fty nine, cambricks and French lawns shall only, and to be imported for exportation only, and shall be lodged in such he lodged in warehouse belonging to his Majesty* his heirs, and successors, as the King's the commissioners of the custom$, or, any three or more of them, for the time being, shall appoint; and shall not be delivered put out under Hke of such warehouse, but under the like security and restrictions as security and Fcft India goods, prohibited to be ephfumed in Qnat Britain^ restrictions as are now liable to4. 1 .*V

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August, there fhatf be ho cu- one half of stoms or duties whatsoever paid, or securqd to be paid, for any the old subsidy Cambricks or French lawns imported, or which shall be imported, payable and deposited in such warehouse as aforesaid, other than one half ^ortation.1"1* of the old subsidy, which is to remain by Ikw, after the goods arc* exported again.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ^yhat all and every person and persons having in their custody any fl, 3|i i, /jn cambricks ot French lawns imported before the said first day of vate custody, Augujly for the exjfortation whereof, within the time limited by are to be de-Uw, bond has been given, shall, on or before the first day of next iff Jugujf next, bring and deposite, or cause to be brought or depo- the King's ISted, all such cambricks and French laws, In such warehouse as warehouses, <{ shall be approved of by the of aforesaid for that pur-

£ofe; and upon the depositing of such goods in such warehouse and the bonds as aforesaid, the bohds for the exportation thereof shall bedell- thereupon to Vered up to the person or persons who gave the same, or his or^deliv^ed their heirs, executors, administratbfs, or assigns, who shall like- !|Pj the jraw-wife receive at the same time from the collector, or other proper back upon ex* officer of the customsat the port where such bond was given, potation to be all the duties which such goods would be intitled to draw back Pa*d*, upon exportation: and such goods shall not be again delivered "t tQ, ^00d# Put of the said warehouse but for the exportation thereof, in delivered out like manner as if the same had been deposited therein at the im- again but for portation: and in case any person or persons shall fell, offer, or exportation, expose to sale, or, after the said first day of August, have in his, ^le^or her, of their custody or possession, for that purpose, any cam- found'in pri-bricks or French lawns pother than in such warehouse a, s shall be vate possession, approved of by the said of as aforesaid) the same llie raid shall be forfeited, and shall be liable to be searched for.and seised^' be in like manner as other prohibited and uncustomed goods are, anj the offen-and every such person shall also forfeit two hundred pounds, over der to forfeit and above all other penalties and forfeitures infiitfted upon £uch aool' extra, person or persons by any former a<£h

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That In doubts if any doubt Or question shall arile with respect to the species or concerning quality of the said goods seised by virtue of this act, or where the the species or same were manufactured, the proof shall lie on the owner or quality, &c. of owners thereof, and not upon the prosecutor; any law, cu- onus°probandi Horn, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. to lie on ths

Li

VII. And owner.

5*4-

Goods seised to be carried to the next

fepon attions entered for pequiiitry pe-

tM>cef$ to be fflaed; and the defendant raavr give bad thereto, Set.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 32. [1759.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to the nexc That all the goods seised by virtue of this act, or any other c^om-house, cause of forfeiture, shall upon seizure thereof, be qarried to the next custom-house, and after condemnation ih due course of law, shall not be confuted orufedl in this kingdom, but shall and after con- exposed > and shall not be sold or delivered out of such ware-demnation, to house, otherwise than on condition tb be exported, nor until the be exported, buyer or buyers shall have given security for the exportation thereof, and observing all the regulations and restrictions prescribed for the exportation of Bast India goods prohibited to be consumed or used in Great Britain.

Recovery and

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesa^ application of That all the penalties and forfeitures by this act impeded, (haj the penalties, and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburg respectively, by action, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name of his Majesty advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of some: officer a officers of the customs; and that one moiety of every such pe nalty and fprfeitu|re shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and succes-fdrs, and the other moiety thereof to such officer or officers of th: custoqns who shall seize. Inform^ of prosecute for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^Tha: upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered and

nalties a' ca aforeWJ for any pecuniary penalty imposed by this*?*

piasTn'thefirsta caP^s t^c process shall and mayissue, specifyimj the furs 1 " ' of the penalty sued for; and the defendant or defendants ffuE

be obliged to give sufficient bailor security by natural born subjecti ofdenilohs; to the person or persons to whom fufch capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which fqch capias shall issue, it the day of the return of such writ, to answer fgch suit <r profecOtion; and shall likewise. at the time of such appearance give sufficient bail or security, oy such persons'as aforesaid, h the said crotirt, to answer and pay all the forfeitures ancf penalties*incurred for such offence or offences, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, qr their body er bodies to prison.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defend*

General issue ant of defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shalMind for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as defendants have in other cases bylaw.

[Treble costs.]

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33. 515

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions and upon houses*, and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities and (a. lottery, to be charged oq the said rates and duties* so far as the same relates to the rates and duties on, offices and pensions.

WHEREAS #7 an act made in the

intituled An act for granting to his Majesty fe'yeral rate's citing chufeti and duties upon offices and pensions; and trpon houses; and JnftaJL?^ ot 1 upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of fiveia°n' millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the hid fates and duties, it is (among other things) declared and ohacted, That a dehftiOHfraU be made of the sum of one frilling out of etoery twenty shillings payable for or in refreft of the fadary, wages, or fas, of any offices* arid* employments payable h the crown in Great Britain, which exceed one hundred pounds

rr annum j and for or itt respect of any pension or gratuity, which or frail be payable out of any revenue belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the value of one hundred pounds vex an-and that the monef fodeduftea by the officers of his Sfajejl/s exchequer in England, frail remain there for the purposes in the said toft declared; and that ftkh part of the money as frail be so deduced ty any officer or officers of the dutches/*Lancaster and Cornwall, nr b/any other comm ffitoners, officers, and persons, by whom the said foloriet^ wages, fees, penfms, and gratuities fare or frail be respectively payable in England, shall be by them paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster: and whereas the said rented directions may be exptnfrve in tht execution thereof by subjecting each of tht officers, commi/fmers, and persons, by the said act required for make the deduction tfore said, to a separate account before' the auditors of the impresss, for the several sums by them respectively deducted s and whereas the said recited directions have qppeartd to be in other respects inconvenient $ be it enacted by the Kite's frioft cxctltam majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirittial and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Sams liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all t&for the dft famrof money which oft the fifth day of July, onethtiufaftd ties upon of-ieven hundred artd fifty nine, and afterwards from' time to time, ficfc*an<Tpert-Shall become due, and be deducted by Virtue of the said adV, for r*1?to>eS': or in respect of the-folaries, fees, for Wages, ' 6f any offices an, (l pa\joverto employments payable by the cfdwn in that part* of Ghat Britain receivers to be called England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and for or In appointed by «rtCpeftof ahv pension or gratuity payable odt of any^sevendt-bje- hls Maje"y* singing to nit Majesty, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall, by thccommiflSonars; officers, and persons de-during the same, bef* respectively paid into the hahd* of a re-, ociver or receivers to be for that purpose appointed by his Majesty

516 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33. [1759.

l!\ if10 a kis heirs, and successors; and it shall and may be lawful Iftmforbis to an<* ^uch receiver or receivers to retain, out of the monies trouble. fa paid into his of their hands as aforesaid, such Turn, as a re-wafdor compensation for hisor their trouble, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors shall appoint, not exceeding three pence in Security to be the pound; and the said receiver or receivers shall give security given by him. for thtf r good behaviour in discharging the trust m them re-pbfed, by giving bond in such penalty, and with such surety or foreties, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high Deducttonsof treasurer for the time being, shall think fit; and the payment b^paid over '°* sums deduced as aforesaid, shall be made into the

quarterly to the hands 6f such receiver or receivers, in thccourse of the quarter the receiver, wherein the said sums shall have been deduced; and such re-and by him,

ceiver or receivers shall, within the compass of the next enfuiqg quarter fol- <luarter> PaY t^e same sums respectively into the receipt of his lowing, into Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the several commiHfr-the exche- oners, officers, and persons, making the deductions aforesaid, quer. are hereby directed and required, at the request of such receiver

the salaries* reccivers> 1° deliver'to him or them a just and true account fees, and pen-of all and every the Salaries, fees, and wages, and likewise of fions, &c.tobe the annual pen Hons and gratuities by the said of, delivered to officers, and persons respectively payable, and of the names of t^)C Persons Entitled to receive the same; of which accounts the by them in -feW receiver or receivers are to enter exaCk copies m books to proper books, be by them kept for that purpose.

The monies It And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That which have all sums of money which have been, or ought to have been, to have^n*dedudked or retained under the said act, by the officers of the deducted un- exchequer, or of any other officer, or by any commissioner or der the said of, or other persons in England, lVaksy or Bnwkk act, tobe ac- upon Tweed, for the duties payable under the (kid act of the ChUsaid t0r/t°^year of his present Majesty's reign, for or in respeCk cefvers and of the salaries, fees, or wages of any office or employment, or

patted by for or in respeCi of any pension or gratuity out of any itvenne

them. belonging to his Majesty, shall be accounted for to such receiver or receivers as shall be, in pursuance of this present act, appointed by his Majesty, hi* heirs', and successors; and the ao.counts thereof shall be examined; audited, and passed, by such receiver or receivers, or one of them* and not by the auditors Dispates con-.'mptests, or the auditor, of the court of Extbe^er cerning the - IU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charging any That if any dispute shall arjie whether the fees, falaiy, or wages particular pt- of office or employment, or whether any pension or gratui-

or'funw tdbe'>'» chargeaWc under the said Sct of the thirty first year of

deduced his present Majesty's reign, or under this or touching the

thereout, sum of money which ought to be stopped and deduded out of

to j^jheard fuc^ salary, fees, wages, ppnfions, or gratuities, such disputes ndied b^the be heard by the barons of the in if the

batons of the office or employment in qiMftion is exercised, dr the pension or Exchequer in grhtuity i« payable, in England, Wok}* or Benvkk upon Stood;

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33. 51 j

or by the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, if the office or England or employment in question is exercised, or the pension or gratuity fCc^a"|'is payable, in that part of Great Britain \ and such bearing is pc v y* to be given on the complaint or seprcfcfltation laid in writing before the barons of tht Exchequer in England or Scotland ren spetflively, either by the party who shall think hinofejf aggrieved, -or by such receiver or receivers who shall be appointed in purfoanee of this x&, in respect of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and by the receiver general or receivers in Scotlandx T

in respect of that part of the united kingdom.

IV. Provided always, That the complainant (h!all give ^compfaintto r

copy of his complaint or representation to the person or persons be given to the against whom the same is made, within ten days after the fam^ person com-^shall have been lodged with the said barons; and the said ba-" rons in England and Scotland respectively shall hear and deter- fa|j to* de.i mine such disputes in a summary way, and their determination termined in*fh#H be binding without further appeal. summary

V. And whereas the profits of fevered offices and employments in way*

Great Britain arise in the whole, or in party from perquisites which are due and payable in the course of office; and it is therefore, by the said act of the thirty first year of Ins present Majesty's reign, enact-

1 edy That fetch part of the sums of money thereby granted as are pay* i able for or in respect of the profits of any office or employment in 1 part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tw$cd, which arise from such perquisites, J, hall be computed, raised, levied, and paid* according to the annual value at which such profits flood valued and rated to the last affiejfment to the land tax; with a proviso, That such profits arjjing from such perquisites as aforesaid, Should be deemed and taken to have been valued and rated in such lafi assessment to the land tax, at fa muth only as the entire sum at which any fych office, was valued and rated in the said assessment Should exceed Jbe mount \

of the salaries, wages, and fees, payable as aforesaid in respect of the same office: and whereas, for the better rating, ordering, levying> and colltfting of the duty by the said act charged upon such perquisites of such of the said offices and employments as are in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the tornmissionen of the land tax for the time being are thereby, aur thorized and required to ascertain, and set down in writing, the mount of the duty of one {billing in the poundto be paid in pftrfoance, of the said act by all comndjffiouers and other officers, their\ clerks, agents, secondaries, substitutes, and other inferior mimfiers and per*}

(fens whatsoever, having, using, or ixercising, any of the said offices or employments, the salaries, wages* fees, and perquisites whereof, eg-reed the value of me hundred pounds per annum, within their respect tive hundreds, baths, wapentakes, rapes, wards, or other divisions,

in proportion to the annual value at which the profits, of such offices; or employments respectively flood valued and rated in fehp [aft affiffi,

went to the land tax for the iaid respective hundreds and divisions, respectively: and whereas it hath been found that, in consequence of the: said befererecited limitations put by the said act upon the rating, valuing, and assisting, vf the profits of effects and employment sk qtifing from per-

-H\e peraui files of office to be ascertained hv the

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. [1759.

quifites due end pajaiie in the courfo of office* the said offices and employments have not contributed in equal proportion with those whereof the profits arise from salaries, fees* and wages, payable by the crow0; ^tiw y be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of of the land tax for the time being shall fix and of the land ascertain, according to their best judgement and discretion, the uiL, diltina Aim total or amount of the perquisites arising from each and Ty^nd^nde"*7 oG* within their respective districts, distinct from the (a-fendent of kry, fce«, and waget, thereunto belonging, which are to be dc* any former, dufted under the said act, and independently of any former valuation. Valuation or assessment of the same to the land tax; and shall

where theper- rate anc* a* ^uc*1 f^c offices and employments, quiiitc* exceed whereof the perquisites shall be found to exceed one hundred 3001 to be pounds a year, at one (hiHing for every twenty shillings arising

rated i s. in by the said offices and employments.

KeaP.!^gdro VL And'

to the end that the duty of one shilling in ths transrohtothe Poun(^ may he paid upon all offices and employments whereof e^MTUTiissioner* the salary, fees, and wages, together with the perquisites, shall of the land exceed one hundred pounds a year; it is hereby further crafted by the authority aforesaid, That the receiver or receivers to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall transmit to the of of the land tax in every district where any office or employment is to beaffefied, an account of all such offices and employments, whereof the fees, wages, and salaries, do not exceed one hundred pounds a year; and if the said of of the land tax shall find the perquisites arising from the said office, with the salary, fees, and wages, of the same, as certified by such receiver or receivers, to exceed together the amount of one hundred pounds a year, then the/aid of are to

tax, an account of all such offices, See the fees and salaries whereof do iirt exceed 3001, per an-num\

and such as, together, shall be found to exceed jool.

err are to»te and assess such office and employment, and to cause the oe charged duty of one shilling in the pound to be levied and collected

with the duty thereon*

of is. in the pound.

In future assessments to the land tax, offices not to be rated Higher than they were in jt Geo. x.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That in all future assessments to (tie land tax, the said offices and employments shall not be tallied or assessed at any higher rates than those whereat the same offices and employments were respectively ajfrffed and rated towards the land tax imposed by an act made in the thirty first year of his present Majesty's re gn; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And, to prevent any doubts, which might arise concerning the meaning of the ynor A. Perquisites t in the said acit, and in this present act mentioned*be it deejarej^and enabled by the

Meaning of Authority aforesaid, That the same fb*Jt (of the purposes of the the word Per- said act, and likewise of this present act, be 9Qofrsued, deemed, quifites afeer-nd taken, as and for such.profks of offices and employ ments in Great Britain^ as atife from free by custom or authority; and payable either by the cipwn, or the subjects, in conficrcration of bqfiness done, from time to time, in the course bf executing such offices and employments. v

IX. And whereas in and by fa'td ah it is provided* Tiat n:

commissioner of the land tax in England* or Qcrwick. ufsr.

tamed.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 35. 519

Tweedy toikmffiom of supply fn Scotland, who flail it pof-

ftffidof any office or employment subject +n4'fable to tie duty thereby impoftd, flail fit\ Watt, or any ways interfere, in rating his own office or employment, bat flail withdrew* until the rating thereof be settled and determined by the tefi of the cmmissioners then ptejent;

and whereas a doubt hath drifen whether any Commissioner possessed of any fitch office or tthphyment, can fit, or a#, or any ways interfere, in the execution of the said off, in regard that the of of the land tax Ore thereby confiituted the affijbrs, and that the making and jigning any assessment to be made in purfuame of the said act by any commissioner possessed of any office or employment, might be deemed and taken to be fitting, dtling, ' or interfering, in the fating of his CommijRon-

own office or employment, although fitch commissioner had withdrawn, tax^t

until the rating of his office wds settled and determined; be if rhtre- liable to pe-

fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in thik or nalties for aft-

in the said in part recited act contained, shall be deemed or con- wf, J? the

strued to extend to any such commissioner for or in respect of mentioned

his making or signing any assessment made, or to be made, in provided they

pursuance of the said In part refciied aft, or of this act; pro- withdra# dur-

vided such commissioner shall have Withdrawn, or shall with- th.c rating

draw, until the rating of his own office or employment shall em-

have been, or shall be, settled or determined, payments."

X. Provided also, That the duty Of one shilling in the pound charitable charged by the said act madb in the thirty first year of his pte- donations c*-sent Majesty's reign upon pensions and gratuities, shall not, for empted from the future, be charged on, or payable OUt of, such pension* of duties > gratuities which his Majesty, his hOifrk, fcrtdTuceeiTors, shall be pleased to declare in the warrant, order, or other irtfttument, directing payment thereof, to be intended as Charitable donations 5 any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, That nothing in the said act contained «s atfo offic^rf. shall extend, or be cotrftrued to Extend, to the changing of the ofr*?* said duty upon any military officers serving on the ftafl£ or be*-a|8.*>QpN longing to any of his Majesty's garrisons, regiments, troops,companies, the royal hospital of Chelsea, or the hospitals of the army; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it flrrther ertafted by the au-anj thority aforesaid, That the fata recited act passed in the thirty (ions, anmiS-: first year of his Majesty's reign, Or this act, or any thittg there- tics, and

in or herein contained, shall not charge, Or be construed, deem- rents* £c* 1 ed, or taken to charge, any penflon^ annuity, yearly payment, relit, or sum, issuing ourof, or changed upon, any revenues tail, &c. by belonging to his Majesty id Great Britain, that* have been by his former Angi Majesty's royal precfecessors, Kin^ofK^uieiVk ctf England, or by q

act of parliament, grtntedunto any tSe^dnioFperfotis'infee.orfee- - 1$.!*?.' ? 'tail, br till redeemed by paymehre/TanVfttnt of fumrof* money 1; '»

mentioned in any gtSHt oraft!bfWiilf the said 'duty, or payment in the find redited aftW^ie'ftlifHhg Out of every^,; c twehtv shillings thereof by thei: year/but Fhat such pensiona, -'i

JL i if. s annuities,

£30 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II.

annuities, yearly paymfcnts, amts, or AiaM^'fttd <fce-«cq«wttd and difrhafgetf' of, from, and against, the said duty, ssdf tk said recited act had never been made; anything thereto or here in contained ro the contrary-notwithstanding.

and office* in

XIII. Provided always, and-be it farther enabled by theu-hotlviwjverii- thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained thtlia* tend, or be construed to extend, to charge any offices or em-

ployments in ritheroftho two-universities in that part of Britain called England, with the duty by-this act imposed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the letter preventing - of

- woollen tn&nufactures. of France into an} of tba ports« ffaLevant sea, by or on t be behalf of any of his

Jif f subjects, and for the more effectual preventing tb

illegal importation of Yaiv Jfik and mohetir yarn into tk kingdom: ,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of woollen brood cloth of tbt ms-

W ymfoMnre of France into any ports or places within the L«

vWtJios»rbyor OH the behalf if British subjects, is not only am nifejl difeouregiment and prejudice to the woollen Great Bsitaw, but-, is also a. rtfeans of affording, relief tp tbt enan, ond thtnebyrtHfibling them, to, carry on the war th Hagdtaa now. foe the more effedoaliy. preventing such destructive countered for thw future, roay it please your Majesty that it toay be enabled; and be jit enacted -by the King's most excellent nu-jesty, by wjd, with the advice and consent of the lords spiriru! and temporal. afld commons, in this>prelfat-parliament aflem-Mo woollen bled, .-and by the authority of the same, ' That from and aiiet rnanutaitaies the pailing of this fat, no woollen broadcloth, or woollen goods, rnavbHm- bf tbcmetyufaiSure of France, foallidirfatly or indirectly be imported by oron P^ttd-dr carried; into any port or place in the Levant fas, behalf of any, within the (iifotsofany lettecs patent or charter granted totfct English sub- governor company of meteharus of England trading into the of thenport* in commonly called The Turkey Company, byorontii:

the Levant aftcpofcfcof apy member of the said company, of any subject feasj of this realm.

nor may-Eos* IL; And be it further enacted by the authority, afbsefiud, Thar liffi good* be, no, % 09Upvbr^id-oVHh> or other wooJlen^opds, of the product «cS.Va of- ^.kingdom, shall be imported into am ly from Great 9atl 91.-Levant, teas, within the limits of the ini Britain, company's chafle^ CJftcyjK.diisedUy from this lciogdomtt.by, to,

unless ctrttt-, qr.onaqc©uiit-.ofh.»ny BrifahjeR j -unless the importer fall

Iv^tfeconful Ifash^ftyVamhaflodor, otto, the copful or vict

be produced cpfopli msffnt gipomted by the£rt*«/ corn-

front the last pspy, aj( tfa gorkor, plaee wheresuch goods Shall be imported, place of ex-

t^ pmtt^rpl^ wbfocthe fane-gpods wese.Uftex-

British, &c.

rffp, that the Ciamy w^3M btoughf or njeeived Irani Gee: 'Britain:, fa&in such cer*ate foafash&fafriho) the name oi

the

759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 34. 521

Cheihipor vessel, and also of the maftenthereof, and the particular day or tune when the same goads were imported into such laftf loading port or phut froin Great Britain; which certificate shall be attened by the Britishcqnful, or person acting asconful in hie absence, residing at such last loading port or place; and and the bills the said (hipper shall also produce to the said British consul, or of lading up* person a&mgas consul in his absence, the bill or bills of lading on the por-of the said goods, which shall have been given or made out upon Great Britain the shipping thereof fjrom Great Britain; and the said consul, or be also pro-person acting as consul in his absence, shall take notice in the duced, and.attestation of such certificate, that such bill Or bills of lading notified in the were produced to him. Mtetotum.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Consul to en-That upon granting every certificate for the exportation of* 4u?h-British cloths or other woollen manufactures of this kingdom, certifcatehi for any port or place within the limits of the charter of the Le- a book to be van? company, the consul, vice confuL, or person acting as such, kept for that; js hereby required to enter a duplicate of the said certificate in Purpose» 1

3 book to be by him kept for that purpose; in which book the which ts to be said duplicate being entered at the time of granting the certifi- sign* by the jeate shall be signed by the exporter or (hipper of the goods, tak- exP°rtcr> ing the oath before required to be taken upon making out such and the same*

certificate; which book and entry of the duplicates of alLftich may be admit.

1 certificates shall he referred$o, and received as final evidence, ted aseri-i in.'aH diffuses which may arise with respect to the truth or au- dence, and, rthehticity of such certificates$ and such entries (half and may, be examined by all parties without fee or reward. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That WhfJc tb*., in all cases where the consul, or person acting as fodi, shall receive information, upon oath, fettrng forth good teafon to* fa- the consol is*

sped the truth or authenticity of any certificate, the said consul, to signify the.or person acting as such, shall, and is hereby required, to fit*- same tQ the mfy such information to the importer, and to take security in J^oubk1*1 double the value of the goods: which feourity shall be forfeited, security 1 in case, upon a reference to the entries and books Of the consul, and if fraud or person acting as such, at the port from whence such goods dHcovered, shall be pretended to be imported, it shall appear that no such certificate was granted; such security to be assigned to the in- and assigned' former for his sole use and benefit*to the in.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often former.

1 as any such objections shall be made to any certificate'produced Notice of such by any 'importer of woollen cloths, or manufactum, into any <fi(jputed cer* port or place within thedlmits of the charter of the Letmttcom- tificartc.^be 1 pany, and security shall betaken of the said importer as by this 1 a&isdiretfed to be taken; that in every such case, the ambaffa- the port where

; dor, consul, or person adking ae such, shall, byvhwtirft oppor- the same shall

1 tuoity, ttansmit to the consul, or parkin acting He ftfch, at the* alledged to

1 port or plgce at which such deputed certificate fhatt be aUcdged

f to have been granted, notice of such difputo, requiring Ttom.

1 such consul or persons, at the same time, an attefiation'Vinder his kftfld aiu} feaJ, detetoufung whether rite certificate in dispute 1 '" " was

12 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 34.

[1^59.

*ho is to ft- WM bim; and (bch attoftation diall be triwfaiiuuj

turn an attef. by the tod coafial, or person acting at furii^ by tbt first o importation con- uinity, to the ambitfcfaf, confal, or pafoMAwr at such, at coming the the port or place where the cMpate shall arise, who it hereby re-tubelaid be- 9uircti* upon the receipt thereof* to lay such attestatkm before lore the im- laid importer*and m case the certificate be by such tttef* porter, and tation verified, the security shall be immediately^cancelled; hit the security to if the certificate shall by < such attestation be found not to hare f^11 8nifl,d, theambamdor, canful, or orfonafting as such, cordingly.*8 h eby required to levy the penalty bydiftrtfs and sale of the

foods and chattels of the person or persons giving the former ecurity, by warrant under the hand and foal of such ambafia-.dor* confute or perfbft acting as such; which warrant he is hereby authorized to issue; and the said penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in manner as is before by this act directed. Wonfn Vh And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Swithont*fitch woollen "goods as shall be imported into any port or such'certifi- place within the limits of the said Ltwnt company's charter, cate, other* by, for, or on the account or behalf of any British subject with-wife thwi di- out such certificate as aforesaid, other than such at Audi be tm-En % nd?m P°rtc^ direct, from England, shall be deemed, and conftrned, deemed to be and taken, to be woollen goods of the manufacture of frantic French, within the true intent and meaning of thit aft; and h«s Meje-jesty's ambassador, and the cocifu), or vtccconsul, or other proper officer appointed by the said Latent company are hereby island may be powered smd required ctfpeftiwcly rocaufethe same to be seized 'e, zed- and confiscated.

Factor to

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&ud, That nuke oath, every merchant or factor who shall be a fabjwft of Great Britain, or before exp°r- residing under the preteAien of the Br'mjk ambaffrdor, or any the eoo<1« consul, or vice coriful, or the person acting a* such in his ab-rvere not pur- fence, withm the limit* of the said company's charter, shall, be-chafed with, fore the exportation of any goods or merchandise whatsoever or taken in from any port or place within the limits aforesaid, make oath be-French goods fore l^e ambassador, or such consul, or vice consol, or the person adineas such in his absence as aforesaid, that such goods or merchandize so intended to be exported, were not purenafod by such merchant or his factor, with his knowledge, with the produce of, or taken in barter or exchange for, Frcteeh woollen broad cloth, or any other woollen manufactures of, since the passing of this a£h Importer of

VIII. And be ifr further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Turkdhgoodt Th*t from and after thdpjdOng of thisedp'Wpry person "who Britain, k> fh»U import inter Greet ( B % itoi$ or IreloHj any goods. Warts, or make'mth, merchandize whatsoiever, of foe growlh, produce, or manufac-before the ture, xif the Ttriish dominions, v»j|hin the limits of the said Ihn<rn*' thV company* charter, shall ^before ftieh goods, ware^, par tner-not purchased chandize, ' shall he permitted to he lahtled, make oath before with, or taken his Majesty's cottimifilortemof the customs, 1 or the coHe&or or in barter for, comptroller, or other principal oflScer of the customs of such French wool- -p^ orplade where such goods, warns, 'Or'ifrerchandize, shall

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 34. ^23

be imported* thatfame, or any part thereof, were, qr was by hjmfelfi or4t* corndpoodtiK, with his Knowledge, di-reClly, or* iedireftly purchased by or with the produce of, at taken irv barter or.exchange, for any kind of woollen broad cloth, or any other woollen fhanuf&tures of France since the pairing of except t^t this act, except such as shall have been condemned as lawful same shall be prize. prize goods.

IX. And be it fort her enacted by the authority aforesaid, if a certificate That in case any certificate to be granted pursuant to this act shall shall be loft; or happen to be loft or miilaid, the master or other person having mistaid, the charge of the ship or vessel, on board whereof the gpods to/n^?crtomake which such certificate did relate shall be loaden, shall, before

the landing of such goods, make oath before his Majesty's am- and the pur-baflador, or the consul or vice consul of the port of discharge port thereof, of the said ship, thereby setting forth, according to the bed of his remembrance and belief, th6 purport of such certificate, and that the same is fb loft or mtflhid, and that he doth not know what is become thereof, and tfiat thfe same hath not been with his privity, consent, or knowledge, delivered or disposed of to any person or persons whatsoever; aftd the said master or other aiw* S, vc person navigating the said ship or vessel, or the consignee or facing*sLdu-consignees of the goodrto which such certificate did relate, shall plicate there^ also give sufficient security, in the penalty of double the value of $ of the said goods, to his Majesty's ambassador, or to the consul or vice confal, or the person acting as such in h(s absence, of the port or place where the said goods shall be imported, for procuring and delivering to his Majesty's ambassador, or to the said consul or vice consul, or the person >aftipg as such in his absence, within a reasonable time to be. by him appointed, a dupli-

cate of such certificate so loft or mHlaid: and, upon making Licencetherc. such oath, and giving such security, js& aforesaid, his Majesty's up0fi to be ambassador, or the said consol or vice consul, shall grant the granted to said master, or the consignee of the said cargo, leave or licence imPrt the to import the goods mentioned in the said oath$ and the famegQ0 s*

shall and may thereupon be lawfully landed and imported.

X. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained W00^ shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to fmportcdf&c. hinder or prevent the shipping, trensporting, importing, felling, or disposing of, any woollen goods or woollen manufacture of any country whatsoever, which shall have been taken from the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, and condemned as lawful prize, by any fh'p or ships of war, or privateer, belonging to, or bearing commission from, his Majesty, his heirs, orsuccessors.

XI. Provided, That at the time of the importation of suchyP°n produc-

prize cloths, a copy of the sentence of condemnation, ligned by fcntwice1

the person condemning the same, shall be delivered to the con- Of condemna-ful, or person acting as such, at the port or place of importa-tien to the tien.'consul.

XII. And uthereas fy an8 of parliament passed in the twelfth Rccital of year of the reign of his late ineyejPy King Charles the Sewdj snti- clauses in aft

V, ... xa Car. a.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. $4. [1759.

tided 1 An act for the endttfragement and ittffcreaflftgtrf (Moping and navigation, it was, anmgfl ether things* enaffti, f9at no goods or commodities of foreign growth, production, ornmfmfassure, and which Should be brought into England, Ireland, Waives, che islandt of Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick npM T weed, in English built shipping, or other flapping, as thetpn before mentioned, Should be shipped or brought from any other place or places, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth, production, or manufacture, or from thife ports where the Jkii goods or commodities coula only or usually had been first Jtipped for transportd-tien, and from none other places or countries, under toe penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods as Should be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, as also of the Jhtp ln which the same were imported, with all bar gum, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, one moiety to his Majesty, hh heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that Should seize, inform, or sue for the same, in any court of record, to be recovered as in the said act is expressed: and it was by the same act provided, Thai the said tiff, or any thing therein contained, Should not extend or be meant to restrain and prohibit the importation of any of the commodittes of the Streights or Levant fees loaded in English built shipping, and whereof the master, and three fourths of the mariners at Uaft, were English, /rew the uficalports or places for loading of such commodities theretofore, within the said Straight* Sr Levant Jeas, though the same were riot of the very growth of the said places: and whereas by another act of parliament made in the fix th year of the reign of his late mo/ejly King George the First, intituled An act for prohibiting the importation of raw (ilk and mohair yam of the product or itianufatf ure of Asia, from any ports or places in tlhe Streights or Levant fear* except such ports and placet as are wkhm the dominions of the Grand Seigniory afi& reciting the aforesaid thmfe, and also the aforesaid provisoiH the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his said Jate majesty King Charles the Second, herein before recked and alfa.reciting that the woollen mmufadnrt In France^fmetbat time, been greatly increased, and very large, quantities of fitch goody were then annually imported from thence /e. Turkey, tn return whereof, were brought from thence raw Jllky and other commodities* to Mar* fellies, and other ports in France, great quantities whereof were carried into Italy, and from thence imported into Great Britain^ n» English shipping, greatly to the discouragetnent of the woollen manufactures of Great Britain, and the advancement thereof, in France, and that without same jfaedy core therein, the British trade to Turkey would be daily lessened, and was in danger of bshcg hf; it was by the said act enabled. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty* the said recited clauseor proviso, as to the importation of raw silk and mohair yarn of the produff or manufacture of Asia, Should be, and was thereby repeaUdtfXtepting only as to the ports and pikesin the yS»/Streights or Levant Jeas* which were within the deuHnmrtof the Grand Seignior: and whereas by another act of parliament passed in the

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 515

thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled!, An zti for preventing frauds, sctiect^Qor. %, and regulating abuses* in his Majesty's customs; reciting, that there were greqt practices and combinations between the importers a^d owners of goods and, merchandizes, and the seizersand informers, with iefign dnd intent to defraud the force of the lowland.his Ma* jtfly, ef his duties and tujloms, it was enabled. That no ship orships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, Should be seised as forfeited, for.or by reafin of unlawful importation, or exportation, into, jsrautos, this kingdom of England, dornmonof Wales, or port and town ^/T Ber*.wick, but by the per finer per fins who were or Should be appointed by his Majesty to manage his customs, or officers of his Majestfs customs for the' time being, or fuebtother person or persons as Should be.depul-. ed and authorized thereunto, by warrant from the lardtreajuren, or under treasurer, or by special counwssion from his Majesty under the great or privy seal, and if any fiizure Should. thereafter pc made by any other person or perms whoever, for any the caUfis therein.before-mentioned, such seizure Should be void and of none effetl: and udsereks great 'qua vf.es of raw fib of the product oe, manufacture of Alia have imported into this kingdom, under various denominations. and pretences, from Leghorn, and other ports and places from whence, the same may not be lawfully imported /^.England, contrary Jo the said acts prohibiting the same, and to the great prejudice of the trade of this kingdom: now, for the more effectually preventing such Where nur illegal practices for the future^ be it further enacted by the autho-iilk, or mo-rity aforesaid, That in case any raw silk or mohair yarn, or any h*lr ship or vessel bringing the same into England, Ireland, WoUt, A8"

islands of Guernsey or Jerfiy, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, some, shall be at any time from and after the passing of this act, /shall be schr as for-ed, as forfeited by virtue of all or any of the said herein before [eltcdfby virr in part recited acts of parliament, then, and in any such case, the reciteci ° it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers, or other person acts, or persons who shall make such seizure, to release or abandonbc f ure the same, or delay or omit to proceed.to judgment for the condemnation thereof, as the law in that behalf directs, Without without ac-first acquainting the governor, deputy governor, treasurer, orquainting the hufoand, of the said company, or their successors, or their known company of secretary for the time being, by writing, of his or their inren- [j*ocb inten* tien to relinquish or abandon such seizure* and such officer or and delivering officers, or other person or persons, shall, at the same time, de- in a schedule liver to the said governor, deputy governor, treasurer, husband, of thefeizurej or secretary of the said company, c^of their successors, a copy of the schedule of such seizure.: ^nd In case the* fa*d governor, and and where the company, or any committee thereof, shall, within seven days companyshall after such notice, give bond, or offer to give bond? under the the

common seal of their corporation, in the penal sum of one thou* office^ 7 sand pounds, with condition thereunder written for indemnifying and laving harmteft.such officer or officers, or other person or persons, of, frden, and agiinst, all costs of suit, charges, damages, and expences, which such officer or officer*, or other person or persons, shall be necessarily put to*, or may pay or foftaio, in

case

5z6

but be prosecuted to judgment.

Member of the company admitted to

[Publick act.]

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. [1759.

ciie such ship, veflH, 6r goods, (ofeizod* fhatt not be adjudged,

upon the trifcl or hearing concerning the condemnation thereof, the suit may to havp. been forfeited; that then uidv officer, or other perfect not be discon- or pcjfons, shall not voluntarily abandon or rthnquish suchfeir-ou^their con- u*e» OT OBI*t 10 commence or bring, nor discontinue any pro-sent, ceedings commenced for the condemnation of such ship, vessel,

or goods, without the confenr of the said company, or some committee thereof > but shall, With all convenient speed, proceed to judgment concerning the legality of fitch seizure; any law, «ceaitruftion of law, to thedohtrary notwithstanding'i

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That any person, bring a member of the said company, shall be admitted to give evidence,

ve evidence ckkcrfar the plaintiff or plaintiffs, relator or editors, or de-^pon^he* fendamtor defendants, upon any trial, hearing, or examination, trial* conccming the condemnation or legality of the seizure of the goods, ship, or vessel, to which any such bond, so to be given as aforesaid, shall relate; any fitch bond, or any law, or cottftruc-tien of law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That ths aft shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by alt judges and other periods what* foevefr, without the same being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or perfect? shall, at any rime or titoes, be feed or piofcedted for any thing by him, or themdone or executed ia pursuance of this act, or of any matter jot thing in this act con* taitied, such person or persons shall and may pleid the general iflUe, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; aridi if, upon the* trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his or their action, then such defendant

Treble costs, or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded, against such plaintiff or plaintiff

Continuance -of tfoe aft.

XVI. Provided always, That this act, and every thing contained therein, shall continue and be in force during the present war with France^ and no longer.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for augmenting the

of the judges in

the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pfeis, the barms of the coif in the court of Exchequer at \Westminster, the judges in the courts Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and justices sf. Chester, and the great for the counties in Wales,

WHEREAS the salaries the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, the judges in the courts of Session and Exchequer ji* Scotland, and the jufliees of Chester, and of the great {efforts for the counties it Wales:, arc inadequate to, the dignity and importance of their offices:

and

General iflae.

[Preamble.]

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. #.'$*7.

and your Majesty's most dutiful, and loyal subject the comtnom

of Great Britain in parliament afferobled, being dofirous to augment the said ferries, do give and grant unto your Majesty, in order $q eflaWflh In the firfit place a proper fund for the atfgmen- ,

tation of the faJafies of the said judges in the courts at Westmin*

JUr* and jpi&es and the great, sessions for the coun- T

ties ip WqUs, thf duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it m^y beeoa&ed \ and be ittepa<sted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent, of the lords Spiritual and tem-gqra), and commons, 1 in this present, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth daynAdditial of July, ope thousand seven, hundred and fifty nine, there shall stamp duties'he throughout England, the dominion of Wales, and town of charged on Berwick upon Tweed,; raised, collected, levied, and: paid, unto every piece of and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successor?, for men^or* every pieqe of vellum* parchment, or paper, on which the fe- per" iredfrt" veral andjespective matters and things herein after mentionedr such matters, shall be ingrossed or written at any time or times after the said totake place fifth day pt July (over apd above the rates, duties, chanps, and $ July*749* (urns ox money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in respect of the same) the fuVther several and respective rates, duties, charges, and sum* of money following; that is to say,

For ev$ry piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Viz. upon if. " paper, upon, which, any affidavit to be made use of in any court fidavits filed'of law or equity at Westminster, or in any court of the great or read in'sessions for the counties in Wales, or in the court of the county courts» 6 dm palatine of Chester, shall be ingrossed or written (except affidavits (Affidavits for taken pursuant jo several a&$ made in the thirtieth and two and^1

thirtieth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for bu- those taken rying in woollen ! apd except such affidavits as shall be taken before officers: before the officers of the customs, or any justice or justices of?*00#011*, the peace, or before any of appointed, or to be aP-iiommissioneni pointed, by any act of parliament, for the assessing and levying of thepeblick; apy aids or duties granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his taxes, except-heirs and successors, and which affidavits shall be taken by the* )

said officers of the customs, justices, or of, by virtue of their authority as justices of the peace, or of respectively, and not otherwise) the sum of six pence. i

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upon copies paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit as is herein before af-

charged, fthat shall be filed or read in any of the said courts, shallhdav, ts'6 be ingrossed or written, the funi of six pence.

For every piece of vtflum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Upon filing*paper, upon which, any common bail to be filedrin any» court of comman «#> i Lw at Westminst&t, pr in any of the aforesaid courts, and upon i J

I which any appearance that shall be made upon such bail, shall >;

i be ingrossed or written, theiiun of six pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upcm*rqie'P?{Xr, upon which-any rule or order made or given ia any the or osde^of - I, r courts court, fd.*

5*8

Upon a copy of such rule or order, 6d.

Upon original writs. See.

Anno tnceflrrid feftindb Georgii II. c. 35. £*75$

courts at Westminster, cither courts of law or equity, shall be ingrossed or written, the sunn of six pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of such rules or orders entered, shall be ingrossed or written, the (urn of six pence.

For every piece of vellum of parchment, or sheet or piece of

to 40$. or more, 6d.

(particular writs except ed)

Upon depofi*

paper, upon which any original writ (except fitch origins! oa mSSS hich a writ Sub Patna, bill of ATtddUfexy La-

or other pro-7 tit at, writ of Capias £>vo Minus, writ of Dedimus Pateftatm, cess ot court, to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or y ot^lcr wr*t whatsoever, or any other process or mandate, mageaakmntsAwM issue out or pass the seals of any the courts at Westminster, courts of the great sessions in Wales* courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings, or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, mall be ingrof-ed or written (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for suffering common recoveries, and writs of Habeas Carpus, alway excepted) the Turn of six pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of tiens taken in paper, upon which any deposition taken in the court of Chancery, Chancery, or Qr other court of equity at Westminster (except the paper draught? equityC(paper^ depositions, taken by virtue of any commission, before they draughts are ingrossed) or upon which any copy of any bill, answer, plea, thereof ex- demurrer, replication, rejoynder, interrogatories, depofi tiens, J5Pt?d) other proceedings whatsoever, in such courts of equity, shall be answers°, S' ingrossed or written, the sum of one penny, pleas, or other For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (hee* or piece of proceedings paper, upon which any declaration, plea, replication, rejoynder, in fitch courts, demurrer, or other pleading whatsoever, in any court of law at Upon declara- ^fttninster, or in any of the courts of the principality of Woks, tiens, and or in any of the courrs in the 'Counties palatine of Chester, Len-other plead- caster, or Durham, shall be ingrossed or written, the lum of one penny; and.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy thereof shall be written or ingrossed, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual raising, levying* cohering, and paying, all the said additional and new rates and duties hereir before granted, the same shall be under the governcnent, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, mi paper, by former acts of parliament in that behalf made; who, employ proper or the major part of them, are hereby required and imp* officers under owerc(j to employ such officers under them for that per-pose as they shall think proper; and to use such dyes and damps to denote the stamp duties hereby charged as they fluB think fir, and to repair, renew, or alter the lame, from time to time, as there shall be occasion; and to do all other acts, matters, and things, necessary tq be done for putting this act

in

inzs in courts ot law, id. Upon any copy, thereof, id.

These duties to be under the management of the qomnuflioners for the other stamp duties 5

who are to

them, and

Srovide, fit amps for the purpose, and do all other matters

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33. 5*9

in execution, with delation to the said several rates and duties necefl-^t hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as carmng this they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execur a&mtoexe-tien any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or cation, paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author One new stamp rrty aforesaid, That to prevent the multiplication of {lamps up* to be provided oil such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (heets or pieces of to dehote the paper, on which several dlities are by several acts of parliamentseveral dut^s* imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, instead of the didind damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to causeonenew damp to be provided, to4enote, the said several duties on every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several dutips, from tipie to time, as shall be by them thought needful.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all vellum, parch- Former stamps ment, and paper, charged by this act with any of the iiamp du- not made uk ties hereby granted, which hath been, or shall, before the kid of before 5 fifth day of July> be damped or marked in pursuance of the for- Ju, y»°be, mer acts of parliament relating to his Majesty's stamp duties, or any of them, shall, before any of the matters and things in re- have an addi-sped whereof any rate or duty is hereby made payable shall be tional damp ingrossfed or written thereupon, such ingrossing or writing being Put on them* at any time after the said fifth day of July, be brought to the head office for damping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, to be damped or marked with another mark or damp, over and besides the marks or damps put or to be put thereupon in pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them; and that All papers, && all vellum, parchment, and paper, which hath not been, or shall made use of not, before the said fifth day of July, be damped or marked in after the said pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them, shall, before Wjj'any of the matters or things in respect whereof any damp duty according to is payable hereby, and by the said former acts, or any of them, this act

shall be thereupon ingrossed or written, such ingrossing or writing being after the said fifth day of July> be brought to the said head office, and there marked and damped with the proper marks or damps, or mark or damp, provided, used, or appoint* ed, or to be provided or appointed in pursuance of the said former acts, or of this act, to denote the respective duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon: and if any of the said on penalty of matters and things so to be ingrossed or written as aforesaid, shall forfeiting $i> be ingrossed or written, contrary to the true intent and meaning besides the hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing toau have beep duly marked or damped, according to this act; that then, and in every such case, there shall be due, answered, and paid (over and above the stamp duties payable hereby, and by the said former acts, or any of them) for or in respect of every such matter and thing the sum of five pounds; and that no such matter or thing shall be available in law or equity, or be given IJ"

UtlCf 1

in evidence, or admitted in any court, unless as wellithe said duty be paid. Vol. XXII. Mm hereby

530 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 35. [1759.

hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the receiver general for the time being of and the pa- the stamp duties, or his deputy'or clerk; and until the vellum, Sim* t^before Parc^ment, or paper, upon which such matter or thing is fib in-thelaine(halTgrafted or written, shall be marked or damped according to the be available intenor and true meaning hereof: and the said receiver (general, law or equity, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon of^hePayiI3dnt Payment or ten<kr of the said duties, and of the said sum of five and duties, ^P°unds, and such other sums as by the said former acts are pay-admit- able in that behalf, to give a receipt for such monies; and the

chequer.

Books to be kept in the

ted to be other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or stamp stampt. such matters or things with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or stamp, required in that behalf; which said sum of five pounds, is to be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby granted are to be applied.

Duties to be

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tlut paid to the the several rates and duties herein before granted, shall be paid, receiver gene- from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the 5 time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and

and a separate PaP€r > w^o shall keep a separate and distinct account of the fc-mccountkept veral rates and duties anting by virtue of this act, and pay the thereof. same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting P1^ for, >such rates and duties being deduded) into the receipt oc mtSthe e^ exchequer, for the purposes herein after expressed, at such time and in such manner as any former duties on damped vd-Ium, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid: and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, shall be provided and auditor's of- kept a book or books, in which alf the monies arising from the site for enter- several rates and duties hereby granted and paid into the said reing these du- ccipt, as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all m ot^cr monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, upon any account whatsoever, and shall be applied in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, and all other officers who shall be employed in the collection or management of the said several rates and duties herein before granted, shall, in the execution of their offices, observe and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high trea-the execution furer> or the of of the treasury, or any three or more of their offices. Of for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be No fees to be taken or demanded by any such of or officers from tak€°* any of his Majesty's subjects, for any matter or thing to bedbne Officermaking in pursuance of this act: and in case any officer employed in the default in his execution of this act in relation to the said rates and duties, shall duty, to pay rcfufc or neglect to do or perform any matter or thing by this act treble^cofk, required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby to the party any of his Majesty's subjects, shall or may sustain any damage frieyed, whatsoever; such officer, so offending, shall be liable by any action to be founded on this statute, to answer to the party grieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit*

ties a]

all

Commissioners, and officers under them, to observe the orders of the treasury in

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. ^31

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of and their officers shall be subject for

to such penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the trusts in breach of them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the money receiv- trail, cd in pursuance of this act, as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are inflicted; and that Powers and all powers* provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, &c. distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters ^tfn^he and things prescribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any former stam^duties, 6 act or acts of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parch- extended to*ment, and paper, on which any affidavit, or any other matter or these duties, thing herein before mentioned, in respect whereof any rate or duty is by this act granted, shall be ingrossed or written, and not hereby altered, mall be in full force and effect with relation to the additional rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the additional rates and duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, from and after the said fifth day of July, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, counterfeiting any seal, (lamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, (lamp, or mark, thestampt, deeded or allowed to be used by this act for the purpose of denoting the duties hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties* or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable tQ any such (lamp duty, with such counterfeit statnp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or frau- or privately or dulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be fraudulently used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and making use of successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, e true unei* and being thereof lawfully qonvided, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of death, clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The following That, from and after the fifth day of July, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of the monies which shall aug^"

arise by the duties herein before granted, and be paid into the mentation of receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, the sums of money follow- the judges Iking to the several judges herein after mentioned, as an addition to, ar*cs > and in augmentation of, their respective salaries; that is to say, viz 500l. to The sum of five hundred pounds to each of the puisne judges each of the for the time being in the court of King's Bench; the sum of five PJ!, r£e Hs* hundred pounds to each of the judges for the time being in the King^Bemrhi court of Common Pleas at Westminster 5 the sum of one thousand 500]. to each1 pounds to the chief baron for the time being in the court of Ex- of the judges chequer at Westminster j and the sum of five hundred pounds to ^Jh^court of

M m % each

532 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 35. ^1759,

tooool. to the each of the other barons of the coif for the time being in the said btron of court Exchequer \ the sum of two hundred pounds to the coolCXtoeach^' c^ie^justice of Chester for the time being; the sum of dne hun-of the other dred and fifty pounds to the second justice of Chester for the time barons of the being; and thefumof one hundred and fifty poundsto each of the c°ifi.justices for the time being of the great sessions for the counties in chief hittice Wakt: which said several and respective sums of money shall be of Chester; and are hereby charged upon the rates and duties herein before 1501. to the granted, and shall be paid thereout, in every year, at such time, Cfrhd(/uttlCC or t'mes> anc*n manner> as the salaries to the said judges leS. toCeach now are or ^ave accustomarily been paid, of the Weifh X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That judges; if the said rates and duties shall prove deficient in any year to to be paid make good and answer the sums herein before appointed to be ^Uries have an<* aPP^ec^ yearly in augmentation of the lalartes of the

accuitomarily kid judges, it shall, from time to time, as often as such deE-been paid.*ciency shall happen, be lawful for the high treasurer, or com-If the duties missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them for the dent^the tm€ keing, out of any money that is then, or shall thereafter be, treasury mayn the exchequer, and that hath arisen, or shall arifo, by the said apply any \m- rates and duties, and not otherwise applied by parliament, to appropriated direct any sum or sums of money to be ifluea and paid for or "-the tovvarc|5 making good such parts of the said annual sums as shall aid thereof, be, from time to time, deficient or in arrear.

When any de-

XI. Provided always, That when and as often as any such ficiency shall deficiency shall happen, the payments to be made to the said happen, the several and respective judges shall be in proportion To the respectPh^XVto tive ^ums which are herein before directed and appointed to be be in propor- paid to such judges respectively.

tien to the fa-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lanes respect That all the residue and surplus of the monies arising by the Them a °WCd ^a^ rales anc* duties which shall, from time to time, remain in Surplus mo- the exchequer, and shall not have been issued and applied for niesof thedu- the augmentation of the salaries to the said judges, and for the ties t^crc* making good any such deficiencies as aforesaid, shall be, from future dtfpo- ^mc to t*me> reserved for the disposition of parliament, and fition of par- shall not be issued but by authority of parliament, and as shall liaraent. be directed by future act or acts of parliament; any thing in any former act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And for the augmenting of the salaries of the judges in tit Salaries of the courts of fe3on an& exchequer in that part of Great Britain caM judgesinScot- Scotland, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That land to be from and after the said fifth day of July, there shall be issued, augmented paid, and applied, in every year, out of the monies which shall

ties a*ro ri-" ^rom t, mc to t*mc» °*or for any duties and revenues in ated^or^hat that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by an act made; purtK)ft by act in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or 10 Ann*. made chargeable with the payment of the fees, salaries^ and other charges allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her heirs, or successors, for keeping up the courts of (eflion and judiciary and

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 36. 533

exchequer court in Scotland> the several Turns of money following, to the judges herein after mentioned, as an addition to, and in augmentation of, their respective salaries; that is to say. The sum of viz. 300l. to three hundred pounds to the president for the time being of the the president said court of fefikm; the Aim of three hundred pounds to the chief baron for the time being of the said court of exchequer; and 30o). to the the sum of two hundred pounds to each of the other judges for chief baron of the time being in the said courts of session and exchequer re- ghhceou^r°f spectively: which said several and respective Turns of money shall*ol't^each be, and are hereby, charged upon the said duties and revenues, of the other and shall be paid "thereout in every year, at such time or times, judges in the and in such manner, as the fees, salaries, and other charges of keeping up the said courts, now are or have accustomarily been y°ar|yPai the paid since the union of the two kingdoms, in pursuance of any salaries have act or acts of parliament. accustomarily

XIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, bccn P* That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be fbed or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be - done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence. General issue for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plantiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs. treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for i, oooo, ooool. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pre(bribed by the land tax act of this section, concerning loans or exchequer bills thereby to be made out. The clauses, See. in the said act relating to the loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of this act; principal and interest, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none sufficient be granted before 5 July 1760, then they are to be paid out of the iinkingf und; and the monies fb issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank impowered to advance on the said credit 0+' loan, juiy sum or Runs not exceeding 1,000, ooool. the ad of 5 Sc o W. & M. notwithstanding. Appropriation of the supplies in general. The monies anting by the land tax, malt ad, subsidy and lottery ad, and other Aims remaining in the exchequer, and sinking fund. Savings upon the sum granted for pay and doathing of the militia for the year 1758, overplus of the grants for the year 1758 remaining in the exchequer, and the Sum of ioo, oopl. granted to the empress of Ruftia in 1755, repaid into the exchequer, with the sum of i, oooo, ooool. granted by this act* viz. out of the aids in general, 3, 558, 4911. 9s. 8d. towards naval services herein specified. 1,000, 000! towards paying off the navy debt, to, ooool. towards the support of Greenwich Hospital. 544, 777l. 5s. for charge of the office of ordnance for land service. 4, 592, 4441. is. 9d. 3q. towards the land forces in general; of which 1, 156, 13*1. 15s. id. for troops in Ger- many and the West Indies, and for guards and uacrifons. See in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey. 52, 484]. is. 8d. for the staff officers, and officers of the hospitals. 742, 5311. 5s. 7d. for guards and garrifom, See in the plantations, and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Providence,

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 36. [1759.

Cape Breton, and Senegal. 40, 8791. 13s. 96. for troops on the Irish establuhment serving in North America and Africa. 34, 367). 15a. sod. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines. 2, 958l. 19s. 7d. to the officers and gentlemen of horse guards, See. reduced.9iz8L for pensions of officers widows. 26, 000). for outpensioners of Chelsea Hospital. 466, 785). 10s. 5d. 3q. for extraordinary expences of land forces, and other services, incurred in the year 1758. 398, 697). 17a. ad. 39, for the troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and count Buckeborg, employed aeainst the common enemy, in concert with the King of Piruffia. 59, 6461. is. 8d. 3q. for the troops of Hesse Cartel, in t£e pay of Great Britain, with the subsidy, pursuant to treaty, from 25 Dec. 1758, to 24 March, 1759* 181, 251). is. nd. iq. residue for charge of the fad

troops, from 25 Dec. 1758, to 15 Dec. 1759. 97, 581). 17s. tod. doc. for charge of additional troops of HefTe Cartel, in the pay of Great Britain, from 1 Jan. 1759, to 31 Dec. 1759. 500, 0001. upon account, for'forage

and other contingent expeaces of the combined army under prihoe Ferdinand. 670, 0001. to the King of Prussia, pursuant to treaty. 60, 0001 to the landgrave of Herte Cartel, pursuant to treaty. ftoo, ooool. to discharge the like sum borrowed on a vote of credit of the last session* 1, oooo, ooool. upon account, to defray the extraordinanr expences of the war. 9, 9011. 5s. upon account, for supporting the colony of Nova. Scotia. 11, 178l. 18s. 5d. upon account, for charges incurred in 1757, for supporting the said colony, and not provided for. 4, 0571. ios. upon account, for defraying the civil establishment of Georgia. 667, 771l. 19s. 7d. for charges of transport service. See. incurred in the year 1758. 2, 500l. to make good the like sum irtued by his Majesty to John Mill esquire, and to be paid over by him to the victuallers, Sec. of Southampton, in consideration of their expences in quartering she Hessian troops. 11, 450! to make good the like sum issued by his Majesty in augmentation of the judges salaries. 7781.16s. 6d. to make good the like sum issued by his Majesty to Jane Hardinge, balance of her husband's account for prating the journals of the house of commons. 69, 910l. 15s. iq, upon account, for discharging incumbrances on the Perth estate, pursuant to ad 25 Geo. i. 24, 371l. 6s. 1 id. 3q. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid thereout, to make good the deficiency of the additional stamp duties, Sec. on 5 July, 1758. 8, 881). 11. rod. iq. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid thereout, to make good the deficiency of the duties on glass, &c. on 5 July, 1758. 15, 000). without account, towards repairing London Bridge, Act 29 Geo. 2. 20, 0001. to the Foundling Hospital, to be paid without fee. 30, 0001. to the Foundling Hospital, for receiving, Sec. such children as shall be brought thither before r Jan. 1760, to be paid without fee. 10, 000l. towards maintaining the forts and settlements in Africa. i, t8ol. to R. Long, D. D. to enable him to discharge a mortgage upon the estate devised by T. Lowndes Esq; for the endowment of an astronomical and geometrical professorship in Cambridge. 90, 0001. upon account, for pay and cloathing of the militia, and repayment to his Majesty of 1, 3321. 10s. advanced by him for the serviceot the militia. ao, ooool. to the East India company, in lieu of the King's troops withdrawn from thence. 200, 000). upon account, to make compenfarioo to the provinces of North America, for expences incurred by them in levying, cloathing, " and pay of troops raised there. 2, 442). 3s. id. for par-chafing lands for (ecuring Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth dod». These aids to be applied to no other uses. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. Clause in aft 31 Geo. 1. Application of the favinga of the said sum cf 35, 602b granted the last session towards half-. pay. Treasury may issue to the banks of Scotland, the sum of 69, 910). 15s. 9d. iq. for discharging the incumbrances of the Perth estate. The decrees sustaining the claims thereupon, to be produced to the court on br before 5 July 1759; and debentures to be then made out for the faaae, with the interest due j which are to \it paid at fight by the bank. Decrees not then produced, the claims not to bear interest after the said day. Barons of the Exchequer, with content of the treasury, to settle the rewards due to the officers of the court, and issue debentures for the same, Sec.' No foe to be taken by the officers of the Exchequer from the creditors of the

find

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 37, -44*

fsud estate, on penalty of tool, and repayment of the fee, with costs. Surplus monies, after discharging the incumbrances on the Perth estate, to be reserved for the future disposition of parliament.

CAP. xxxvii.

An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the town of Mansfield in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Plea-fley, Glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hastand, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby, to the town of Chesterfield in the county of Derby.

CAP. xxxviii.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Newhaven*and from The Four-Lane*Ends near Oafcerthoipe, to Ashborne 5 and from the croft post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the road leading from Chesterfield, to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfton in the county of Derby)and from Selfton, to Annesley Woodhouse in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of the town of Chard 1 to the south end of West Moor j and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate; and from the west end of Pease Marlb Lane, to Horton Elm; and firom Saint Raine Hill, to Ilmifter $ and from White Cross, to Chillington Down; and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Croft in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XL.

An act for repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset; and for amending and rendering more effectual several acts for amending several roads from the cities of Gloucester and Bristol, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned, in the counties of Somerset and Gloucester.

CAP. XLI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the croft at Broken Croft in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present turnpike road at the south end of the township of Buxton, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XLII.

An act for leaking the river Stort navigable, in the counties of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge in the town of Bishop Stortford, into the river Lee, near a place called The Rye, in the county of Heitford.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Chesterfield to the turnpike road at Hernstone-Lane-Head; and also the road branching from the said road upon the East Moor, through Bafiow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said roads again near Wardlow Mires; and also the road leading between the said road and branch from Calver- Bridge, to Ba-llow- Bridge; and also the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven House, to the turnpike road near Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue, amend, and make effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the north-west parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wraghy Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east part tf the said county; and also for repairing and widening the roads

536 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii IX. c. 45, -5^.

[1759.

rpadt from the Well, in Eat-gate in the city of Lincoln, and from the north-west end of Homcastle, and from the Guide Post at the east end of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the roads directed to be repaired by the laud ad.

CAP. XLV.

An act for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egham, in the county of Surry*

CAP. XLVII.

An act to amend and explain an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making nautgobU the tvotr Stroudwater, in the county of Gloucester, from the rimer Severn, at or wear Tramload, to Wallbridge, near the town of S frond % in thefagee county.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open places, streets, squares, lanes, courts, and other pastages, within the part of the manor and liberty of Norton Folgate, other wise Norton Folley, in the county of Middlesex, which is extraparochial: and regulating the nightly watch and beadles therein.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the city of Winchester: and from the said city, through Huriley, to Chandler's Ford: and from Hurfiey aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Romsey: and from the said turnpike road, through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Longhazn Bridge and Winbome Minster, in the county of DoeHeL

---

CAP. LI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing several roads, leading to the city of Bath; and for amending several other roads near the said city.

CAP. LII.

An act for amending, widening, and keepipg in repair the road from the Hollow Way on the west side of lord Clifford's park gate, where the Exeter turnpike road ends, to a place called Biddaford, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the town of Derby; and from the guide post in the parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 55, -64. 537

CAP. LV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Mold to the town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway; and from the town of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

CAP. LVI.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a bridge cross the river Tweed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Little-gate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Ramby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield; and from Southwell to Oxton; in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for establishing, regulating, and maintaining a nightly watch, and for enlightening the open places and streets, within the town of Guildford in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LIX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon: and for applying, for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus monies which have formerly arisen by the assessments for raising the land tax in the said town.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXI.

An act for discharging the inhabitants of the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, from the custom of grinding their corn and grain, except malt, at certain water corn mills in the said town, called The School Mills; and for making a proper recompence to the feoffees of such mills.

CAP. LXII.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Clyde to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to continue and amend two acts, one made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road between the said bridge and Lower Stanton in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for making and completing the navigation of the river Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, in the county of Durham,

538 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 65, -71. [1759.

to the city of Durham; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and part and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to making the said river navigable between the said two places called South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and New Bridge, in the county of Durham.

CAP. LXV.

An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to the port and haven of Sunderland, and the river Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said port and haven.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the new inn in the parish of Winstanstow in the county of Salop; and also the road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said county of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing the road from the south end of the south street, in the parish of South Mailing, near the town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge in the parish of Alfriston, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing, amending, and widening the roads from the south west end of Nether Bridge, in the county of Westmorland, by Sizerghfellside, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the town of Millthrop, to Dixies; and from the town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road, at the guide post near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforesaid.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the east side of Barnesley Common in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moory and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guide post, in Barugh, to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the town ship of Cawthorne, in the said county.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the county of York.

The End of the Twenty Second volume.

