THE

Statutes at large.

FROM THE

Thirty-second Year of King Henry VIII.

TO THE

Seventh Year of King Edward VI. inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. V.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1763.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such A<5ts as are extant in print, from the 33d year of K. Henry VIII. to the 7th of K. Edward VI. both inclufive.

Anno 32 Hen. 8.	j

Cap. i. How by the King’s grant, lands, tenements, &c. may be by will, teftament, or otherwife dil-pofed; and concerning wards, pri-mer feifins, &c.	f

Cap. 2. For limitation of prefcription.

Cap. 3. For continuation of certain a (3s.

Cap. 4. For trial of treafons in Wales, etc.	^

Cap. 5. For continuation of debts upon executions.

Cap. 6. For trial of felonies upon conveying horfes into Scotland.	J

Cap. 7. For true payment of tithes and offerings.

Cap. 8. Againft fellers and buyers of pheafants and partridges.

Cap. 9. Againft maintenance, era-" bracery, fcfr. and unlawful buying of titles.

Cap. 10. For the moderation of the puniftunent of the incontinency of priefte and women offending with them.

Cap. 11. Concerning ftealing of hawks eggs, conies, and deer.

Cap. 12. Concerning sanctuaries, privileges of churches and churchyards.

Cap. 13. Concerning the breed of horfes of higher feature.

Cap. 14. For maintenance of the navy of England, and for certain rates of freights.

Cap. 15. Concerning archbilhops and bifhops, their chancellors, com-mrflaries, archdeacons, and their officials, to be in the commiflion of the aft concerning the abolition of erroneous opinions in the chrif-tian religion.

Cap. 16. Concerning ftrangers.

Cap. 17, For paving of AUgate, High Holboum, Chancery-Lane, Grafs-Inn-Lane, Shoe-Lane, Fetter-Lane,

See.

Cap. 18. For re-edifying of decayed houfes in sundry towns and places of the realm.

Cap. 19. For re-edifying of decayed houfes in sundry towns of the weft -parts.

Cap. 20. Concerning privileges and rranchifes.

Cap. 21. The abbreviation and limitation of Trinity term.

Cap. 22. Concerning the accounts of ^ bilhops and othefs, for the tenth granted to the King’s majesty.

Cap. 23. The fubfidy of the clergy of. the province of Canterbury.

Cap. 24. Concerning the lands and S goods of the hofpitals of Saint John of Jerufalem in England and Ireland, to be hereafter in the King’s hands and difpofition.

Cap. 25. For diffolution of the King’s pretenfed marriage with the lady Anne of Cleve.

Cap. 26. Concerning true opinions and declarations of Chrift’s religion.

Cap. 27. For refumption of extraordinary grants and licences of ab-fcnee and reverfions in the town of Calais, and the marches of the fame, and in Berwick, and of the ffieriffwicks for life in Wales.

A	Cap.	28,

  v^ooQle

V

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. That leflees shall enjoy their Cap. 49. Concerning the King's farms againft tenants in tail, or in moft gracious, general and free, right of their wives, or churches, pardon.

&c.	^Cap. 50. For tbegrant of twofub-

Cap. 29. Concerning cuftpmiblejaud^	fidies, and^ four fifteenths and

, in Ofweldbeckfoke.

Cap. 30. Concerning, milpjeadings, jeofiujs, and attorneys.

Cap. 31. For the avowing of recoveries by collulion, by tenants fiat term of life.

Cap. 32. Concerning joint tenants tor term, of life or years.

Cap. 33. That wrongful difleifin is no defiant in the law.

Cap. 34. Concerning grantees of re-verlfons to take advantage of the conditions to be peri lelTees.

Cap. 35. That justices ofj the foreds may make deputies.

>Cap. 36. For the expofition of the ftatutc? of fines.

Cap. 37. Fpr the recovery of arrear-' ages of ren ts by executors of tenant in feer Ample.

Cap. 38. Concerning precontrails of marriages, and touching degree? of confanguinity.

Gap. 29. The jurifdiiUon of the great mailer of the houfhpld.

Cap. 40. Concerning the privileges ofphyficians.

Cap. 41. Concerning baling of horfe bread.

Cap. 42. Concerning barbers, and chirurgeons to be ot one company.

Cap. 43. Concerning (hire days in " the county palatine of Cbejler.

Cap. 44. That the town of Royflon be reduced to one new parifh.

-JCap. 45. For the court of the first fruits and tenths.

Cap. 46. The eflablifliment of the court of the King's wards.

Cap. 47. That the bilhop of Norwich shall be charged with the collect tipn of the King’s tenths Tn~Kis diocefe.

Cap. 48. Concerning the caftle of Dcvcr, caftle wards, and other munitions thereabouts.

tenths to the King by the tern-

Private A£h.

/

Jnnop. Htn- 8.

i. An act that such taylcs as remain in the cuftody of the coflpef unpaid, shall be reftored to the trea-furer and chambedains, of the exchequer, there to be cancelled and dampned.

armed by the 2-An adt that the honour of Wallingford shall be feparated. from the dukedom of	,	and	united

to the. manor, of Newelmt, which shall be called the honor of Nfw-tlme, apd. have like, liberties and privileges as the honour of ford hzd.

3.	An a<5k for the uniting of divers lordlhips and manors to the caftle

oimafir. •	'	•

4.	An ail for the uniting of the manor of Nonfuck» and divers other manors, to‘the honour of Hampton-Court*

5.	An ail for the uniting of divers manors to the honour of Petworth.

^6. An ail that the monaftery of Fur-neSj and divers other land$j shall be in the furvey, letting, and fet-ting of the chancellor of the county palatine and duchy of Lancajler, and of the officers of the said county.

7.	An ail for the attainder of Giles Heron.

8.	An ail for the attainder of Richard Peatherftoncy Thomas Abelly Edward Powelty William Homey Margaret Tyrrell, and Lawrence Cookey fo: adhering to the bilhop of Rome.

9.	An ail for the attainder of Gregory Buiolphy Adam Damplippy and others, for adhering to the bilhop of Rome.

10.	An ail for the attainder of IVil-

6	Ham

  v^ooQle

A TARLE. of the STATUTES.

UtmByr.i^ WatUr lord Hungerforiy' and others.

ix. An, aft for the attainder of Thomas: lord Cromwell.

to* An aft giving the King, and ^is> heirs*, power to make a jointure to stay lady his wifo* being, queen of this realm.

13* An act for the aflurance of the manor: of Horone Places in the county of Kenty to George Harpur and liucehia wife*

14.	An act for the inclofing of divers lands, belonging to the prebend of Rugemore, for the inlarging of Adhrybane park in the county of MiddlefeX) in lieu of which lands the King giveth the parfonage of Throwley in the county, of Kent to the prebend and his fucceffors.

15.	Ah aft for the uniting of the parilhes of St. Margaret and St. Mary Magdalene in Southwark, and that it be from thenceforth called the parifh of St. Saviour: and that fome of the parifhioners shall be incorporated by the name of war* dens of the parifh of St. Saviour.

16.	An aft to enable Awdrey Hare to fell, divers lands.

17.	An.aft for confirmation of an exchange* made between the King and the duke of Norfolk, of the manor of Shortesfield and other lands in the county of Suffix 9 the priory of Clarkenwtll and other lands in the county of Middlefex.

18.	An aft of refumption of the King’s houfhojd.

19.	An aft between the King and Sir Richard Rich. Bargain and fale.

20.	An aft alluring Rotherfield Grey to Sir FtancisKnoUis.

21.	An aft concerning Elizabeth Hill.

22.	An act for Richard Long, concerning Shingay.

T 23. An act for Sir Edward Bainton, knight, and dame Ifabell his wife.

24.	An aft between the King.and the duke of Norfolk, concerning Henl-cott and Hardwicke.

25.	An aft concerning the lord La Warr.

26.	An aft concerning Mr.

27.	An act for the lady Awdky^ Sir Thomas Poynings, and others. Exchange.

2& A|i aft between the Kifag and Sir Thomas Wyat.

29.	An act for the alluring of pertain lands to the earl ol Hertford.

30.	An aft touching the marquifs of Dorfett and the lord John Grey.

Anno 33. Hen. 8.

Cap. 1. Concerning counterfeit letters or privy tokens to receive money or goods in other mens names.

Cap. 2.. Concerning the buying of filfr upon the fea.

Cap# 3. For the folding of cloths in North Wales.

Cap. 4. Concerning pewterers.

Cap.. 5. Concerning keeping of great horfes*

Cap. 6. Concerning crofs bows and hand guns.

Cap. 7. Concerning the conveyance of brafs, latten, and bell-metal oyer the fca.

Cap. 8. Againft conjurations, witchcrafts, forceries, arid inchantments.

Cap. 9* For the maintenance of artillery and debarring unlawful games.

Cap. io. Concerning the execution of certain ftatutes.

Cap. 11. For butchers to fell at their liberty by weight or otherwife.

Cap. 12. For punilhment of murder and malicious bloodihed within the King’s court.

Cap. 13. Concerning certain lord-Ihips tranflated from the county of Denbigh to the county of Flint.

Cap. 14. Concerning falfe prophecies upon declaration of names, arms or badges.

Cap. 15. Touching the tranflation of the lanftuary from Manchejler to Wejlchejler.

A 2,	Cap,	16.

  fjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. For worded yarn in Norfolk.

Cap. 17. For the confirmation and continuation of certain adls.

Cap. 18. For the true making of ker-fies.

Cap. 19. For expounding a certain fiatute concerning Snipping of cloths.

Cap. 20. For due procefs to be had in high treafons, in cafes of lunacy and madnefs.

Cap. 21. Concerning the attainder of the late Queen Catharine and her complices.

Cap. 22. Concerning the order of wards and liveries.

Cap. 23. For a commiflion of Oyer and Terminer againft such persons as shall confefs treafons, lAc. with- -out remanding the fame to be tried . in the (hire where the offence was committed.

Cap. 24. That no man shall be juf-tice of aflife in his own county.

Cap. 25. For the making free of certain, children bom beyond the fea, and to put the fame children in the nature of Englijb men.

Cap. 26. For avoiding certain fraudulent conveyances devifed by Sir John Sheiton.

Cap. 27. For leafes of hofpitals,'colleges, and other corporations to be good and effedlual with the content of the more part.

Cap. 28. For the chancellor of the duchy of Lancafer, the chancellor of the augmentation, and certain other noblemen, to Retain chaplains.

Cap. 29. To enable persons, late religious, to fue and to be fued.

Cap. 30. For confirming the authority of the dean and chapter of Litchfield in making leafes and other grants.

Cap. 31. For diffevering thd bifhop-rick of Chefter, and the iile of Man, from the jurifdidtion of Canterbury to the jurifdidlion of York.

Cap. 32. For the parifh church of frkitgate to be made a parifri church

< of itfelf, and no part of the parifh

of Over.

Cap. 33. Concerning the privilege of Kingjlon upon Hull.

Cap. 34. For the town of Lynn, touching the revocation of two fairs.

Cap. 35. Concerning the conduits of Gloucefter.

Cap. 36. for the repairing of Canter bury, Roche tier* Stamford, and divers other towns.

Cap. 37. Touching the honour of AmptUll.

Cap. 38. Concerning the honour of Grafton.

Cap. 39. Concerning the eredtion of the-court of furveyors.

, Private Acts.

Anno 33 Hen. 8.

1.	An act for the attainder of Richard Pates and Sith Holland.

2.	An adl for Sir Gilbert Talbot to have the manor of Grafton.

3.	An adt concerning the prebend of Blewbtrry.

4.	An adt between the Lord Admiral and the bilhop of Rochejler.

5.	An adt for the provoft and fcholars j of King’s College in Cambridge, for I their better enjoying of divers lands formerly given unto them.

6.	An adl for aflurance of the parfon-age of Strubby in the county of Lincoln, to the dean and chapter of Lincoln.

7.	An adl for the better aflurance of the manor of JViUington in the county of Bedford, to John Gojl-

wick.

8.	An adl for the jointure of the lady marchionefs Dorfett.

9.	An adl for alluring lands to the lady Dacres.

10.	An adl that the collegiate church of St. Mary of Southwell in the county of Nottingham, shall (land and be in such perfedl eftate in all degrees, as it was or flood the first day of June in the 32d year of the King's majesty’s reign.

. anno

  Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Anno 34 & 35 Hen. 8.

Cap. 1. For the advancement of true religion, and for the abolilhing of all falfe dodtrines.

Cap. 2. Concerning collectors and receivers.

Cap. 3. For the aflife of coal and wood.

Cap. 4. Againft such perlbns as do majte bankrupts.

Cap. 5. For explanation of the statute of wills.

Cap. 6. For the true making of pins.

Cap. 7. To authorize certain of the King’s majesty’s council to fet prices upon wines to be fold by retail.

Cap. 8. That persons, being no common chirurgeons, may * minifter medicines.

Cap. 9. For the prefervation of the river of Severn.

Cap. 10. For the true making of coverlets at York.

Cap. 11. For the true making of freezes and cottons in Wales. —

Cap. 12. For paving of certain lanes and ftreets in London and Wefi-minjler.

Cap. 13. For knights and burgefles to Have places in the parliament for the county palatine and city of Chefter.

Cap. 14. For a certificate of convidls to be made into the King’s bench.

Cap. ie. For the dean and chapter of IVeus, to be one foie chapter of it-felf.

Cap. 16. For the (heriffs to be dif-charged upon their accounts, and to have allowances of their reafon-able expences, in the court of ex^ chequer.

-^Cap. 17. For the new eredled bifhops to pav their tenths into the court of firft-fruits.

Cap. 18. Concerning the privileges of Canterbury.

Cap.19. For the payment of penfions and portions granted out of the late abbies.

Cap. 20. To embar feigned recoveries of lands wherein the King’s majesty is in reverfion.

Cap. 21. For the confirmation of lands, notwithstanding mifnaming any thing contained in the fame.

Cap. 22. That fines in towns corporate shall be made as the fame have been in times pad.

Cap. 22. For the true execution of proclamations.

Cap. 24. For the aflurance of certain lands to John Hind ferjeant at law, and to his heirs, paying therefore yearly ten pounds towards the charges of the knights of the parliament for Cambridgejhire for the time being.

Cap. 25. That the inhabitants of Poole may eredt a windmill and a conduit within the King’s majesty’s wafte ground of Baiter.

Cap. 26. For certain ordinances in the King’s majeft/s dominion and principality of Wales.

*Cap. 27. For the fubfidy of the temporary.

>Cap. 28. For the fubfidy granted by the clergy.

Private AEts.

'Anna 34 & 35 Hen. 8.

1.	An act for the exchange of the manor of Clerkenwell between the King and the duke of Norfolk.

2.	An act for the treafurerlhip of the cathedral church of Sarum to be allured to doctor Robe*-tfon, and also for the aflurance of the archdeaconry of Taunton to dodtor Red-man.

3.	An act for the making denizens two children of Thomas Brandelyng.

4.	An act of reftitution in name and blood to Walter Hungerford and Edward Neville

5.	An act to make denizens the children of William Mayer

6.	An act to make denizens three children of Robert Dethick.

A3	7.	An

  Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7.	An act for the ^flurahee of the clerkfhip of the treafury and warrants in the King’s bench, to John Payne, during his life.

8.	An act for the granting of the psfr-fonage of Strubby in the county of Lincoln, unto the dean and chapter of the cathedral church df Tori.

9.	An act between the archbilhop fof Canterbury, Sir Jobn Cage, and others. Exchange.

10.	An act affuring lands to Anne Sidney.

11.	An act concerning a partition between the daughters of John StreHy.

12.	An act declaring the children of Elizabeth Burgh to be baftards.

13.	An act concerning the jointure of the lady Cobbtim.

14.	An act concerning covenants between the countefs of Devon, Sir William Knevet, and others.

15.	An act concerning the inheritance to Hugh Dennis^ and twenty pounds per annum to Magdalen college in Cambridge.

16.	An act concerning the baftards of the lady Parr's children.

jy. An act concerning the heirs of the lady Draycote's lands.

*8. An act concerning the collegiate church of Southwell.

19.	An act concerning the inheritance of Roger Lukoner.

20.	An act between the bifhop of iVir-wich and Thomas Pafton, efquire.

2i' An act between the King and Sir Bryan Tube. Exchange.

22.	An act concerning the prebend of Bedwin and IVeJl Bedwin, to the earl of Hertford.

23.	An act for confirmation of lands obtained by the King's majefiy by exchange.

Cap. 2. Cbnceirning fhe trial *of treasons committed out of the Kitfg’a majeft/s dominions.

Cap. 3. For the ratification of die King’s inajefty's ftile.

Cap. 4. Touching the repairing«and amending of certain decayed houfes and tenements, as well in England as m Wales.

Cap. 5. Concerning the tjualifidation of the statute of the fix articles*^'

Cap. 6. Concerning the appearance of jurorsin Nifiprius.

Cap. 7. For the repealing of a certain statute concerning the bringing of falt-dl(h and ftock-<fifh.

Cap. 8. Concerning coopers.

Gap. 9. Concerning the partition of mapping marfh.

Cap. 10. Concerning the repairing, making, and amending of the con--duits in London.

Cap.11. For the due payment of the fees and wages of knights and bur-gefles for the parliament in Wales.

Cap. 12. For the remiffion of the loan.

Cap. 13. That the demain lands and tenements in IValfmgham, belonging to the late prior there, n^ay bd let by copy of court roll.

Cap. 14. For the relervation of tenures upon houfes with lands belonging to the fame, under the clear yearly value of forty fhillings.

Cap. 15. For paving of Cambridge.

Cap. 16. Concerning the examination of the canon iaws by two and thhfy persons to be named by the King’s majefiy, during his high-nefs’s life.

Cap. 17. For the prefervation of woods.

Cap. 18. Concerning the King’* general pardon.

Anno 35 Hen. 8.

Cap.i. Concerning the eftablifhment of the King’s majesty’s fucceffion in the imperial crown of this realm.

Private Adis.

Anno 35 Hen. 8.

1.	An act concerning an exchange of lands between the .King and the

duke

  Google

A TAM/E of the STATUSES.

dfikc of	feari	of-Surety

•and the fedy Fiances his wife.

а.	An act concerning an exchange BA Ween the forid admiral and the brfhop of #bcbejter> for the houfe of St^Swithrns in Southwark, and t!he bfftiip's houfe at Cbefiui?i9 Which houfe of St. Stvithen the King gave to the lord admiral.

3.	‘An act for the raiSflcdtioft of an aWard midebetWten Wife lord fiacre and the heirs general 'of Sir James Strahgwtjbe.

^. Ah act for the ratification of the jointure of Queen Katherine.

*5. An Tor affiirihce of 'certain lands to the Ki ng, which were pur-chafed 6f William £onham* *, 'efquire.

б.	An act that Sir John Markham, nomas PmterelU WilHtrm Sttcheve-Tilly and Nicholas Strelly, in the right of stheir wives, being daughters and heirs of John Strelfy, efipihre, shall hold to them and to the heirs of their feid wives, divers minbfsi lands and tenement^ in the ^ counties of Nottingham and Derby.

7.	An act for confirmation of an award made by the King, for fends and tenements in controverfy between the lord Dacre and his fons on the ort'e pah, and Robert Roffe9 and Sir William Maly very and dame -Johane his wife, the heirs general of Sir James Strangwaies9 on the other part.

8.	An act for confirmation of an award made by the King's majesty between Roger Lewkenor, Elizabeth, WiUiam Barrentyne, and Jane Pooh.

9.	An act for the aflurance of the manors of Hcnnolls and Marjhalls, and other lands in the county of Ejjexy to William Fuzwillycfn and Anne his Wife.

xo. An act for the aflurance of the manors of Wejlmerfey, Petehall and Fyngringo, in the county of Eff'ex^ to the King and his heirs; and for aflurance of the manor of Mote in

the county of	Wfe	ifnartar

of Apperfield in the county of Kept, *5md diversother lands, being parcel of .the inheritance of John Dei\ny and Anthony Denny, Unto 'George Dacres and his heirs; arid also other things concerning the children of Thomas Dennv.

-ir. An act for confirmation df an exchange made between ’the earl of Hertford and the biftlop of Sarum.

12.	An act for 7%tnas ford Eurgb,

. and that Humfrey, Arthure and

Margaret, bom of the body of Elizabeth Burgh9 Who lived in adultery, shall bedfeemed andtkken to be baftards, and difabled to inherit.

13.	An act of Exchange betweeii the King and Mr. ^Bonham.

14.	An act between the King and Mx.WoUefcot, concerning exchange.

Anno 37 Hdn. 8.

Cap. 1. Forthfe office 0f cujtos rotu~ lorum9 and clerklhip of the peace.

Cap. 2. For the partition of Hdunjlbw Heath..

Cap. 3. For the amending of the

- highway near Chejler9 called Hun-tington-Lanc.

Cap. 4. That all colleges, chantries, free chapels, &fr. shall be in the King's majesty’s difpofition.

Cap. 5. That the inhabitants of Lon~ don9 having goods to the value of four hundred marks may pafs in attaints.

Cap. 6. Againft burning of frames*

Cap. 7. For abrogation of fix weeks

• feflions.

Cap. 8. Thdt any indictment lacking thefe words, Vi W Armis, shall be good and fufficient in the law.

Cap. 9. Againft ufury.

Cap. 10. Againft flanderous bills.

Cap. 11. For the marflics befide Greenwich.

Cap. 12. For tithes in London. )

A 4	Cap.	13.

•igitizec >, Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 13. Repeal* of the a<ft made for pips.

Cap. 14. For the maintenance of the pier of Scarburgb.

Cap- t5« Againft regrating of wools.

Cap. 16. For the annexing of certain lands to the duchy of JLan-cafttr, and an exchange between the King’s m^jefty, the archbifhop of Canterbury, and Tori, and the biftiop of London.

Cap. 17. That doctors of civil law, being married, may exercife ec-clefiaftical jurifdidtion.

G?p. 18. For the eredUon of four honours, Weflminfter, Kingflon upon Hull, faint Ofitb’s, and Don*

Jngton.

Cap. 19. That lines taken in the county palatine of Laficajler shall be of like force as fines knowledg-ed before juftipes of the CQmmpn place,

Cap. 20. For the tenures of lands of forty shillings or under.

Cap. 21.- For the union of churches not exceeding the value of fix pounds.

Cap. 22. For filling up the juries fa CircumJlantibus.

Cap- 23. For the continuation of certain ftatutes.

Cip. 24^ For the confirmation of a fubfidy granted by the clergy.

^^Cap. 25. Concerning the grant of one entire fubfidy, and two whole fifteens and tenths, granted by the temporalty.

Private ASs.

Anno 37 Hen. 8.

1.	An act for exchanging certain lands between the lord chancellor, the lord great chamberlain, and the bifhop of Sarum.

2.	Ah act for Francis Knolls, concerning the manor of Rotherfield Graye.

3.	An act for Jafper Hartwell and others.

4.	An act for Thomas Lytlebusji, for the aflurance of the manor of AJbn bye Puerorum.

5.	An act that the knights of St. John's of Jerusalem in England and Ireland may marry.

6.	An act for the earl of Arundel% concerning the aflurance of the lady Mary his wife’s jointure.

7.	An act for the legitimation of the children of Sir Ralph Sadler and EUene his wife,

8.	An act for the attainder of the duke of Norfolk and the earl of Surry.

9.	An act for the attainder of the late Queen Katherine and her accomplices, and touching attainder for high treafon in cafe$ of madnefs and lunacy.

—1	•..........’ 1—•-------r------

w	Anno	1	Edw. 6T

Cap. 1. Againft such personsas shall unreverently fpeak againft the fa-crament of the altar, and of the ' receiving thereof under both kinds.

Cap. 2. For the ele<ftionof bilhops.

Cap. 3. For the punifhing of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent persons.

Cap. 4. For tenures holden in capite.

Cap. 5. That no hprfes shall be conveyed out of this realm, and other the King’s dominions without licence.

Cap. 6. For the continuance of flaking of worded yarn in Norfolk.

Cap. 7. For the continuance of actions after the death of any King.

Cap. 8. For the confirmation of letters patents.

Cap. 9. For the uniting of certain churches within the city of Tori.

Cap. 10. For the exigents and proclamations in Wales, and in the county palatiqe pf Chefler, and al-fo ip the city of Chefler.

Cap. it. For the repeal of a certain statute made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of the late King

  v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.



of tnoft famous memory, Henry the Eighth, for revoking of aits of parliament.

Cap. jjz. For the repeal of certain statutes concerning treafons, felonies, &V.

ap, 13. For the fubfidy of tannage and poundage of merchandizes, with a provifo for the confirmation of the privileges of the merchants of the jiil-yara \ which provifo shall endure but only to the end of this parliament.

Cap. 14. Certain chauntries, colleges, free chapels, and the pof-feffions of the fame, given to the King’s majesty.

Cap. 15. Concerning the King’s general pardon.

Private ASls.

Arno 1 Edw. 6.

1.	An act for the eftablifhment of a deanery at Wells.

2.	An act for the aflurance of certain lands to the King’s majesty from the earl of Rutland.

3.	An act for. the aflurance of certain lands to the lord , and Sir WiUtam Shelley, knight.

4.	An act for the restitution in blood of the lord Stafford.

5.	An act for the reftitution in blood of John Lumley, efquire.

6.	An act for the reftitution in blood of Gryffith Rice., gentleman.

7.	An act concerning the lands and pofleffions of the earl of Oxford.

Anno 2 & 3 Edw. 6.

Cap. 1. For the uniformity of fer-vice and adminiftration pf the fa-craments throughout the realm.

Cap. 2. For the reformation of captains anf} foldiers ferving in the wars.

Cap. 3. Concerning purveyors.

Cap. 4. For the fheriffs of England to have certain allowances upon {heir accounts.

Cap. 5. Concerning the remitting of fee-farms for threp years.

Cap. 6. Againft the exaction of money and other things, by any officer for licence to traffick into Ireland.

Cap. 7. Againft the crafty and deceitful buying of penfions.

Cap. 8. Concerning the finding of offices before efeheators. .

Cap. 9. For the true currying of leather.

Cap. 10. . For the'true making of malt.

Cap. it. For the true tanning of leather.

Cap. 12. For the aflurance to the tenants, of grants and leafes made of the duke of	s	demean

___ lands.

^>Cap. 13, For the true payment of tithes.

Cap. 14. Againft the ihooting of hail-lhot.

Cap. 15. Concerning victuallers and handicrafts-men.

Cap. 16. For the removing of such as have the cuftody of caftles and fortrefles upon the borders, and beyond the Teas.

Cap. 17. For the confirmation of the attainder of Sir William knight.

Cap. 18. For the attainder of Sir Thomas Seimor, knight, lord Seimor of Sudlejy and high admiral of England.

Cap., 19. For the abftinence from nefh in Lent. x-^Cap. 20. An incumbent for not paying his tenths due to the King, the fame being demanded, shall be deprived of that benefice.

Cap. 21. To take away all pofitive laws made againft the marriage of priefts.

Cap. 22. Concerning the colouring of cuftoms in other mens names, to the deceit of the King.

Cap. 23. For the repeal of a ftatutc touching marriage contracts.

Cap. 24

  C )gle

A TABLE tf'tte STATUTES.

Cap. 24. For the 'trials of murderk and felonies, committed in fevdral counties.	«

Cap. 25. For the keeping ofcourity-days.

Cap. 26. Againft the carrying of . white afhes -oat ofthts r&dm.

Cap. 27. againft the fidfe forging of .. gad&s of fteeL

Cap. 28. For fines with proclamations in the county palatine oF Chejier.

'Cap. 29. Againft fbdomy.

Cap. 30. Concerning the towns of

. Rye and Wintbeifey hnd for thi carting of ballaft into the Gdmbfr.

Cap. 3ii For the city of touching the taking of recognizances.

Cap. 32. For the continuance of certain ftatutes.

Cap. 33. That no man dealing hdrfe or horfes, {hall enjoy the benefit of his clergy.

Cap. 34. For the lheriff of Northumberland.,to be accountable for his office as other fheriffs be.

- Gap. .35. For the confirmation of the fubudy of the clergy.

/■Cap. 36. For the relief granted to ten King’s majesty by the lords and commons.

Cap. 37. Againft the carrying bf bell-metal out of the realm.

Cap. 38. For the paving of

Cap. 39. The King’s majesty’s free and general pardon.

Private

Anno 2	3	6.

1.	An act concerning gavelkind lands in Kent.

2.	An act for reftitution of Sir Gorge Darcy.

3.	An act for Teftitution of Frknch . Carew.

4.	An act for the reftitution in bldod

of Edward	Charlete

3.	An actfor reffitution'ofSirfJer^ •Bulmir.	■

6. An act for reftitution of ifi WejUn.	'	'

-7. An adt for the reftkodoft of Rtdpb Bigolt.

"9. rAn hct for the reftitution In blood of Thfarms Per eye, foh'offir Pircye, knight.

9. An act for the onion of thufches fh the dty of Lincoln 40. An act concerning the thayor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the ’ >0ity of Exeter*, touching the limffr Una liberties of the fame city.

It. Ah act for the Union of churdies in the town of Stamford.

22. An act touching Bartholomew Burgoine going beyond feSs.

13. An act for the affurance of certain lands to the fons of Thomas lord Howard.

44. 'Ah act for RichSrd BoUrittan clerk, to erecrt a free fchool in St. Albans ih the county of Hertford.

25. ‘An act for the great fefliohs and county-days, and feflions of peace, for the county of Angftfty, to be ■ kept at Butnartis.

16. An act unking the churches of GngVr and Greeftjkad. fop. 1 Afof. SeJT.-i. c.io. k f. Ah act touching Saint dements in Rochefter.

18.	Ah act for the earl of Bath tb

allure lands for the jointure of the lady	Margarett his Wife, and fdf

Other lands to be afibred to John lord pitzwarren his fon, ana the lady Frounces his wife.

19.	An act between the mayor, £j of NewcaJHe and Edward L&wfon.'

ao. An act for the foundation Of a fchool at Barihamftead.

21.	An act for the confirmation of 4 free fchool eretrted m the town of Stamford, and for more fure enjoying of the linds given by Wiliiarh Ratdijfe for maintenance 6f the • fchool maftcr there.

Cap.

  Google

A TABLE OF STATUTES.

Amo 3 6* 4 Eiiw. 6.

Cap. 1. Tint the had chancellor or lord fcccperof the.great fell "for the timetoeihg, (tail name and appoint the tujks rotulonm throughout all fhires of England, according crs m times paft it hath been accuftomed. Cap. 2. For the true mating of woollen cloth*.

€tfp.'3. Concerning the impr6ve-ittents Of 'cohunocis and wafte founds.

Cap. 4. Concerning grants and gifts, made by patentees out of inters patents.

Cap. 5. For the punifliment of un-' lawful afletnblies and filings of the King’s fbbje<ft$.

Cap. 6. Concerning the repeal of a ! hfahcli of an act of parliament made in the last feffion, for buying of tanned leather.

Cap. 7. Forthe repeal of a statute mkde in the twenty-fifth year of King Henry the Eighth, touching the taking of wild-fowl at Certain titties ’ in the year.

Cap. 8. For the continuance of the statute of fewers.

Cap. o. For the buying of raw hide* and calves-fkins.

Cap. 10. For the fcbolHhmg and putting away of divers books and images.

Cap. 11. That the King’s majesty ' may nominate and appoint thirty-two persons to perufe and make ecdefiaftical laws.

Cap. 12. For the ordering of ecclefi-aftical mmillers.

Cap. 13. For the reftitution in blood of Sir William Sherrington, knight. Cap. 14. For the reftitution in blood of Mary Setmor, daughter to Sir Thomas Setmor, knight, lord Seimcr of SudUy, late admiral of England. Cap. 15. Againft fond and fantaftical prophecies.

Cap. 16. Touching the punilhment of vagabonds and other idle persons.

Gap. 1*7. Agamfttanhftrful hurttihgiri

any park, foreft, chafe, or other ftidoted ground.

Cap. 18. Concerning fee-forms, mfen-tiened in the last -feffion.

Cap. 19. Concerning the ’buyihg and felling of rttther beafts strid catde.

Cap. 20. Touching thfe repeal of a certain <brimch of ah act palled id the 4dft fefion of this pwfiamdht, concerning victuallers andattifieers.

Cap. 2T. Concerning the buyingsmd rellfag of'butter and chefcfe.

Cap. 22. Touching thfe retaining of jjoameymfen t»y divers persons.

Cap. 23. Concerning the refeafe of the branches in the last aCt of relief for die payments of lheep and cloths; and also a grant of a fnb-fidy to "be paid in one yfear.

Cap. 24. The King’s tnajfefty’s general pardon.

Private AHs.

Ahno 3^4 Echo. 6.

t. Ah act for a church-yard in Weji-Drhittm.

2.	An act concerning dividends and quotidians hi Wells.

3.	An act for difinherfting of fFUtiam

Weft during his life.

4.	An act lor the reftitutien of

Thames	Iftiy^ efyuke.

.5. An act for the reftitution in blood of Sir William	knight.

6. An act touching the lands of the duke of Stner/et, aflured to thfe King’s majesty for the fine of the faidauke, for his offences; and for the afliiring other lands to the duke and his wife.

Anno 5^6 Edw. 6.

Cap. t. For the uniformity of com-■ mon prayer and adminiftration of the facraments.

Cap. 2. For the provifion and relief of the poor.

Cap. 3. For the keeping of holy-days, and fafting-days.

Cap. 4. Againft quarrelling and

fighting

  Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fighting in churches and church? yards.

Cap. 5. For the maintenance of tillage, and increafe of com.

Cap. 6. For the true making of woolen cloth.

Cap. 7. For limiting the times for buying and felling of wools.

Cap. 8. For limiting what persons

, mall weave or make broad woolen doth.

Cap. 9. That no man robbing any houfe, booth or tent, shall be admitted to the benefit of his clergy.

Cap. 10. To take away the benefit of clergy from such as rob in one (hire and flee into another.

Cap. 11. For the punifliment of divers treafons.

Cap. 12. For dedaration of a statute made for the marriage of priefts, and for the legitimation of their children..

Cap. 13. For declaration of a statute made in the one and thirtieth year of King Henry the Eighth, touching religious persons.

Cap. 14. Againft regrators, foreftal-lers, and ingroflers.

Cap. 15. Againft regrators of tanned leather.

Cap. 16. Againft buying and felling of offices.

Cap. 17. For the continuance of certain ftatutes.

Cap. 18. For repealing a statute made in the fourth year of Henry the Seventh, againft the bringing in of wine and woad in ftrange bottoms.

Cap. 19. Touching the exchange of gold and filver.

Cap. 20. Againft ufury.

Cap. 21. Againft tinkers and pedlars.

Cap. 22. For the putting down of gig-mills.

Cap. 23. For the true fluffing of feather-beds, mattrefTes and cufh-ions.

Cap. 24. For the making of hats, domecks, and coverlets, at Nor-

wich in the epunty of Norfolk.

Cap. 25. For keepers of alenoufes to

• be bound by recognizance.

Cap. 26. For writs upon proclamations and exigents, to be current within the county palatine of Lan-cqfter.

Private 4fts.

Anno 5	6	Edw. 6.

1.	An act for the aflurance of the manor of Meryvail9 and divers other lands in the county of Warwick, to William Devereux, one of the younger fons of Walter vifeount Hereford lord Ferrers and of Chart-ley.

2.	An act for aflurance of divers lands to the mayor and commonalty of the city of London.

3.	An act for the reftitution in blood of Sir John Nevill of Chete9 knight.

4.	An act for William marquefs of Northampton and Elizabeth his wife, to make their marriage lawful and their children legitimate# Rep. 1 Mar. flat. 2.

5.	An act for tne reftitution in blood

' of John Fortefcue9 fon of Sir Adryan

Fortefcue9 knight.

6.	Ah act for aflurance of the join? ture of the lady Frounces, wife of Henry Nevill lord Burgavenye.

7.	An act for making denizens the wife and children of Edward AUen.

8.	An act fqr the ereftion of a free fchool in the town of Pocklington ~ in the county of York.

9.	An act to ratify the adl of parliament made 32 H. 8. for Edward earl of Hertford, in fome points, and for recompence to be made to John Seymor for Katherine Fyloll his mother’s lands; and for making good the attainders of the duke of Somerfety Sir Thomas ArundelU Sir Michael Stanhope, Sir Ralphe Vane9 and Sir Myles Partridge, knights, with forfeitures of their poffeffions; and with divers other claufes and

matters

  uooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

matters concerning the duke of So-merfet and his children.

10.	An act for the earl of , touching the avoidance of certain allurances made to the duke of Somerfet.

11.	An act for the uniting of St.

Peter’s of	WeJIminfle, and WeJI-

minfler, to the bifhoprick. of London, and the ere&ion of the dean and chapter of Wejlmtnjier, con-lifting of one dean being a prieft.

and

and twelve prebendaries priefts. \ certain ftatutes

•> An art rnnrAmintr	T1.	Ffir	fhi

carrying of gold and Clver out of the realm.

Cap. 7. For the aflife of fuel.

Cap. 8. For the true fulling thicking of caps.

Cap. 9. For the making of white plain {freights, and pinned white {freights, in Devon and Cornwall.

Cap. 10. For the uniting and annexing of the town of Gate to the town of Newcajlle upon Tine.

Cap. 11. For the continuance of

12. An act concerning the limitation ^Gap. 12. For the grant of a fubfidy

of the lands Somerfet.

of Edward duke of



Anno 7 Edw. 6. ap. i. For the true anfwering of the King’s majefly’s revenues.

Cap. 2. For the diffolving, uniting, or annexing of certain courts, lately eredted by the King that dead is. q

Cap. 3. For the confutation of the 1 King’s majesty’s letters patents of bargains and tales, riotwithflanding the lack or lofs of the particulars, ' or the bill afligned of the patentee.

Cap. 4. That all patentees of col- 2 ledtorfhips of tenths shall be bound for their colledtions.

Cap. 5. To avoid the exceffive prices of wines.

Cap. 6. For reviving a statute made in the feventeentn year of King Edward the Fourth, touching the

and two fifteens granted to the King’s majesty by the temporalty.

MCap. 12. For the confirmation ot a fubfidy granted by the clergy*

Cap. 14. For the King’s maiefty’s moll gracious, general and free pardon.

Private Aft si

Anno 7 Edw. 6.

An act for the diflolution of the bifhoprick of Durham, and also for the new eredting of the fame bifhoprick, and one other at New-cajile. Rep. 1 Mar. fejf. 3. c. 2.

2.	An act for the reflitution in blood of Sir Edward Seymor, knight, fon and heir of Edward duke of Somer-fetty and the lady Katherine Fyloll his firfi wife.

3.	An act to make denizens the children of Richard Hills, and Nicholas Wheeler.

End of the TABL£

  Google

  Google

  v^ooQle

  v^ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Statutes made at Weftminjlef- Anno 32 Men. VIII. and A. D. 1540.

IN	the parliament begun at Weftminfter the eight and

twentieth day of April, the one and thirtieth year of the reign of the mofi excellent, mofi high, and moft mighty prince,

Henry the Eighth, by the grace of God King of England and of France, defender of the faith, lord (^Ireland, and in earth, under Chrtft, fupreme head of the church England, our moft redoubted fovereign lord, there and afterwards continued by divers prorogations unto the twelfth day of April in the enfuing year:in the last feffton	begun

the fame twelfth day of April, and from the fame bolden unto the eleventh day of May, in the two and thirtieth year of his moft profperous reign, from the which it was by prorogation continued until the five and twentieth of the. fame month of May, and bolden until the four and twentieth day of July, the	faid two and thirtieth year; at which day the said par-

liament was by bis Grace’s authority finifhed and dijfolvedi (t) amongft many other, the alls followby bis , with the ajfent of the lords fpiritual and	, and the

commons, affembled in the said parliament, have been eftablijh-ed, ordained and enabled.

CAP. I*

The a8 of wills, wards and primer feifins, whereby a man may devife two parts of his land.

WHERE the King’s moft rnoi majesty in all the time of his ntoft The rraToru gracious and noble reign hath ever been a merciful, loving, be- making nevolent and moft gracious JoVereign lord, unto all his * rJJ] s living and	obedient fubjells, and by many times pqft hath not	*t 4*7.

and imparted to them generally by his marry,	and beneficial pardons heretofore by authority of bis parliament	but also by di-

vers other ways and means many great and ample grants ana ties, in such wife as all his said fubjells been moft bounden to the ut-temoft of all their powers and graces by them received of God, to render and give unto his Majesty their moft humble reverence and obedient thanks and fervices, with their daily and continual prayer to Almighty God, for the continual prefervation of his moft royal eftate in moft kingly honour andprofperity; (2) yet always his Majesty being repleat Dyer 19*. Vol. V.	B	Anderf,*©*.'

Google

3 Bulftr. 184. Lands holden in foccage, and none in chief, or by Jcnights fervice.

1 Bulft. 165.

1 Roll. 65. Godbolt 17. pi. si.

Moor *54. pi. 401.

Cro. El. 100. Dyer, 71,

1*7.

3 Leon. 5,176. Moor 342. pi, c. 5. f. 3.	1

Lands holden of the King in foccage in chief, and none holden by knights lor* vice.

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. [1540.

and endowed by God with grace * goodtilfs and liberality, mojl tenderly confidering, that his said obedient and loving fubjefts cannot ufe or ex-ercife themfelves according to their eftates, degrees, faculties and qualities, or to bear themfelves in such wife, as that they may conveniently keep and maintain their hofpitalities and familieSy nor the good educa-cation and bringing up of their lawful generations, which in this realm (laud be to God) is in all parts very great and abundant, but that in manner of necejfity, as by daily experience is manifejled and known, they Jhall not be able of their proper goods, chattels and other moveable fubjlance, to difcharge their debts, and after their degrees fet forth, to advance their children and pojlerities: (3) wherefore our said fovereign Lord, mojl virtuoufly conjidering the mortality that is to every p erf on at God's will and pleafutre mojl common and uncertain, of bis moft blejfed dijpofition and liberality, being willing to relieve and help his said fubjefts in their said neceffities and debility, is contented and plcafed that it be ordained and enafted by authority of this present parliament , in manner and form as hereafter followeth $ that is to fay, (4) That all and every person and persons, having, or which hereafter shall have, any manors, lands, tenements dr hereditaments, holden in foccage, or of the nature of foccage tenure, and not having any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of the King our fovereign lord by knights fervice, by foccage tenure in chief, or of the nature of foccage tenure in chief, nor of any other person or persons by knights fervice, from th$ twentieth day of July in the year of our Lord God M.D.XL. shall have full and free liberty, power and authority to give, difpofe, will and devife, as well by his last will and te-(lament in writing, or otherwife by any a<ft or aits lawfully ex-ecuted in his life, all his said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, at his free will and pleafure; any law, statute or other thing heretofore had, made or tiled to the contrary notwithstanding.

463.' Lands deviled by will in writing. Explained by 34 & 35 H. S. Leon. 113, 251, 267.	3	Leon. 28, 79.

II.	And that all and every person and persons, having manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of the King our fovereign lord, his heirs 01 fuccefiors, in foccage, or of the nature of foccage tenure in chief, and having any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of any other person or persons in foccage, or of the nature of foccage tenure, and not having any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of the King our fovereign lord by knights fervice, nor of any other lord or person by like fervice, from the twentieth day of July in the said year of our Lord God M.D.XL. shall have full and free liberty, power and authority to give, will, difpofe and devife, as well by his last will or teftament in writing, or otherwife by any ail or ails lawfully executed in his life, all hit said manors, lands, tenements ana hereditaments, or any of them, at his free will and pleafure; any law, ftatute, custom or other thing heretofore had, made or uled to the contrary not withftanding.

III. Saving]

  v^ooQle

f 540. ] Anno tricclimo fccundo Henrici VIII*	$

III.	Saving atway and referring to the King our fovereign A faring of lord, his heirs and facceftors, all his right, title and intereftth?

of prinur fetjm and reliefs, and allb all other rights and duties 3^^ for tenures in foccage, of of the nature of foccage tenure in chief, for alienation, ' as heretofore hath been ufed and accadorned, (2) the fame ma- Explained by * nors, lands, tenements or hereditaments to be taken, had and 34 & 35 H. *• feed out of and from the hands of his Highnefs, his heirs and c* 5* * ** facceflors, by the person or per Ions to whom any such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments shall be difpofed, willed or devifed, in such and like manner and form, as .bath been ufed by any heir or heirs before the making df thi£ statute j (3) and feving and referving also fines for alienations of such manors^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments holden of the King our fovereign lord in foccage, or of the nature of foccage tenure in chief; whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or inheritance, made by will or otherwife, as is aforefeid.

IV.	And it is further  enacted by the authority aforefeid, That Lands holdtil all and Angular person and pcrfbns having any manors, lands, oftheKingby tenements, or hereditaments of eftate of inheritance holden of

the Kill’s highness in chief by knights ferrice, or of the nature	147*

of knights fervice in chief, from the said twentieth day of July Moor 716. * shall have fall power and authority, by his last will, by writing, pi. 1013. or otherwife by any aft or a&s lawfully executed in his life, to 6	75*

give, difpofe, will or aflign two parts of the feme manors, lands; py^r°’ tenements* or hereditaments in three parts to be divided, (2) Co. Lit. 76. a, or elfe as much of the feid manors, lands, tenements. Of here* ditamenta, as shall extend or amount to the yearly value of two parts of the fame, in three parts to be divided, in certainty and by fpecial divifions, as it may be known in feveralty, (3) to and for the advancement of his wife, preferment of his children, and 1 Anderf.ao/. payment of his debts, or otherwife at his will and pleafure; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or other thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:

V.	Saving and referving to the King our fovereign lord, the Wardftip,pri-Cuftody, wardftiip and prinur feiftn, or any of them, as the cafe merfeifin.and shall require, of as much of the feme manors, lands, tene- for alie-ments or hereditaments, as shall amount and extend to the

fall and clear yearly value of the third part thereof, without any pycr# ,g, diminution, dower, fraud, covin, charge or abridgment of any 191,193, 308, of the feme third part, or of the full profits thereof:	3n* 3.7°«

VI.	Saving also and referring to the King our feid fovereign Co- Llt*7%'a# lord, all fines for alienations of all such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, holden of the King by knights fervice in chief, whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or inheritance made by will or otherwife, as is abovefeid.

VII.	And be it ena&tfd by authority aforesaid, That all and Lands holden Angular person and persons, having manors, lands, tenements, of the King or hereditaments of eftate of inheritance, holden of the King by knights fer-in chief by knights fervice, and having other manors, lands, chiet, ^ tenements or hereditaments holden of the King, or of any other holden* person or persons. by knights fervice, or otherwife, every such by knights

B %	^	perfon	fervice or

  Google

4

otherwife. Cro. El. x86. i Roll. 67. Dyer. 158.

366.

6 Co. 17.

Anno tricefimo fccundo Henrici VIII. [1540*

perfon and persons from the said twentieth day of July shall have full power and authority to give, difpofe, will or awgn by his lalt will in writing, or otherwife by any a<ft or a&s lawfully executed in his life, two parts of the fame manors, lands, tene-- ~	ments or hereditaments, in three parts to be divided, or elfeas

Co o muc^ t^e fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, Dyer,i86^x3, as extend or amount to the yearly value of two parts of 354.. 9	9	9 the fame, in three parts to be divided, in certainty and by fpc-

cial divifions, as it may be known in feveralty, to and for the advancement of his wife, preferment of his children, payment of his debts, or otherwife at his will and pleafure; any law* ftatute, cuftom, or other thing to the contrary thereor not-withftanding:

Ward(hip,pH* VIII. Saving alway and referving to the King our fovereign finwforalie- ^orc*’	ward (hip and primer feifrn, or any of them,

nation, faved as the cafe shall require, of as much of the fame manors, lands, to the King, tenements, or other hereditaments, as shall amount and extend Dyer, 366. to the full and clear yearly value of the third part thereof, *5* without any manner diminution, dower, fraud, covin, charge or fubtradion of the fame third part, or of the full profits thereof:

IX.	Saving also and referving to our (aid fovereign lord the King, all fines for alienation of any such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of the King by knights fer-vice in chief, whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or inheritance made by will or otherwife, as is abovefaid.

X.	Be it further enafted by the authority abovefaid, That if any person or persons hold any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, only of any other lord or perfon, than of the

than the King, King our said fovereign lord, by knights fervice, and pther fnd,°ther	lands and tenements in foccage, or of the nature of foccage

inVcage/11 *«nure» that then every such person shall or may give, difpofe & * or afliire, by his l^ft will, or otherwife by any.adt or a<Sts lawfully executed in his life, two parts of the said manors, lands and tenements holden by knights fervice, (2) or of as much thereof as shall amount to the full yearly value of two parts, in manner and form as is above declared, and also all the lands and tenements holden by foccage, or of the nature of foccage te-Thd(vrd Sf nure> at k*s will and pleafure, as is above written; f 3) laving the^hirll part an<* referv*ng to the lord of the lands and tenements nolden by Taved.	knights fervice, for his cuftody arid wardihip, as much of the

Dyer, 367.	fame lands and tenements as (nail extend or amount to the full

RC° T5ft	ant* c*ear yearly va^ue the third part of the fame lands and

ro. e . 19. tenements holden by knights fervice, without any diminution, dower, fraud, covin, charge or fubtra&ion of any portion of that third part, or of the clear yearly value thereof, in manner and form aforesaid.

Lands holden XI. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid* ot the King by That if any person or persons hold any manors, lands, tenets and'not ments or hereditaments, only of the King our fovereign lord by 9	knights fcryice, and not in chief, or hold any manors, lands*

te-

S Co.

9Co.

>37-

Moor 38. p. 114.

Lands holden by knights fervice of other lords

 

Google

i#o.]	Anno tricefimo secundo Heurici VIII.	5

tenements or hereditaments of our said fovereign lord by in chief, and

knights fervice, and not in chief, and alfcr hold other manors, !and* ho,de"

lands, tenements and hereditaments, of any other person or ^her**5* °

perfons by knights fervice, and also hold other manors, lands,

tenements or hereditaments, of any other person or persons

in foccage, or of the nature of foccage tenure; that then

all and every such person and persons shall and may give,

difpofe, will, devife and allure, by his lad will, or otherwifc by

any a6k or a&s lawfully done and executed in his life, two parts

of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments holden

of our said fovereign lord the King by knights fervice, (2) and

two parts of the manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments

holden of any person or persons by knights fervice, (3) or as

much of either of them as shall amount to the full yearly value

of two parts, in manner and form as is above declared; (4) and

alio of all his lands and tenements fo holden in foccage, or of

the nature of foccage tenure, at his free will and pleafure:

XII.	Saving ana referving to the King’s highness, the cufto- saving to the

dy and wardfhip of as much of the fame manors, lands, tene- King and ments or other hereditaments, as shall extend and amount to ot*lcr.,ords’ the full and cleat; yearly value of the third part of the said ma-	and

nors, lands, tenements and hereditaments fo holden of hi6 Dycr> 191, Highnefs by knights fervice, without any diminution, dower,

fraud, covin, charge and fubtra&ion of any portion of that third part, or of the full profits thereof; (2) and also faving *Co. 91. and referving to the lords of whom any of the said manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments been holden by knights fervice, for the cuftody and wardfhip, as much of the fame manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments holden of them, or any of them, by knights fervice, as shall extend and amount to the full and cfe^r yearly value of the third part of the fame, without any diminution, charge, fraud, covin or fubtra&ion of any portion of that third part, or of the clear yearly value of the third part thereof, in manner and form above declared.

XIII.	Provided alway, and be it further enacted by the au- The op thority aforesaid. That if that third part of the manors, lands, any other lord tenements or hereditaments of any of the King’s fubjedts, which maYtake (<> in any of the cafes abovefaid shall hereafter come to the King?s ^Q^to'hit highness, his heirs or fucceffors, by virtue of this adt, as is a- third part if bmrefaid, be not, or do not amount to the clear yearly value it be not left of the full third part of all the said manors, lands, tenements, unto them.

or other hereditaments, whereof the King’s highness is or shall be intituled to have the cuftody or primer feifin, as is abovefaid; that then our said fovereign lord, and his heirs, shall and may, at his or their free liberty and pleafure, take into his or their hands and pofleflion, as much of the other two parts of the said manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, as with that of the feme manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments holden ox remaining in the King’s hands, shall make up the clear yearly value of the full third part of the said majors, lands and tenements fo to be had to the King’s high-

B 3	nefs

  v^ooQle

6	Anno	tricefimo	fecundo	Hewotci	VIII.	£1540*

ncfs in title of wardftiip and primer fdfw* or any of *be«, a* the cafe shall require: (2) and like benefit aqd advantage to be given to every lord or lords, of whom any fuoh manors* lands, tenements or hereditaments been or shall \>t holden by knights fervice, as is abovefai{l, concerning only his third f>ar^ c •.	for	title of wardflnp,

rics!gpaying XIV. Provided alway, and be it further enafted by the au-for relief and thorny aforesaid. That every person and persons shall fue their heriots, for liveries for poffeflions, reverfions or remainders, and also pay verfians”8^6” pe^e^s anc* heriots, after such manner and form as they (hotdd lnaiiukn^all fought to have done before the making of this aft, and as tf be as they this a<ft had never been made.

have been. XV. And that fines for alienations shall be ipaid in the King’s Fines tor ahe- chancery, for and upon writs of entry in <the ppfli -to be ob-commoi^reco-	the fame court of chancery, after -the said twentieth

veries. day. of July, for common recoveries to be had or fufiered of 6 Co. 17. any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments .holden of the Bro. ahena- King in chief, in like manner and form as is ufed upon ali-non 32. cnatiops of such manors, lands, tenements or hcreditamenta. So holden in chief, by fine or feoffment.

1	XVI,	Provided alio, and he it enafted by rthe authority a-

forefaid, That in such cafes where fines for alienations shall be paid in the King’s chancery for writs of entry in the poJly as is aforesaid, that men none other fine shall be paid in die fomf hourt for any such writs j any usage or custom te the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Ii7c°dElands 1 XVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, holden of the That where two or more persons now hold, or hereafter shall King by hold, any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the knights fer- King our fovereign lord by knights fervice, jointly to them, and

the^heirs of to t^le ke*rs one t^em> an^ l^at ^at^ inheritance one of them, thereof dieth, his heir being within age, that in every such cafe Women shall the King shall have the ward, and marriage of the body of such have their heir fo being within age; the life of the Freeholder or freehdl-dowers of the ders cf t^e manors> lands, tenements or hereditaments fo iTh&reverfon Golden by knights fervice notwithflanding: (2) favipg and re* of the tenant ferving to all and eveiy woman and women, all and every such In dower in right, title and interen of dower, as they or any of them ought ithe King, if to have, or be or shall be juftly intituled to have, claim or dedie during the manc* °F any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, by minority of the laws of this realm, to be taken or afligned unto them, the King's or any of them, out of the two parts of the said manors, lands, WJrd’ a tenements or hereditaments, fevered and divided from the Sro.Gard.ioo. Part a* is ahovefaid, and not otherwife; (3) and faving a Leon. 131. also to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceffors, Co.Lit.ni. b. the reverfions of all such tenants in jointure and dower, im-, mediately after the death of all such tenants, if they shall happen to die during the minority of the King’s wards.

CAP.

  Google

*54°J Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.	f

C 4 P, II.

The a8 of limitation with a provifo.

FORASMUCH as the time of limitation appointed for fuing of*	,5»*

writs of right, and other writs of pojfefpon and feifin of mens xheienefit of ancefors or predecejfors, or of their own pqnejfipn or feifm, by the having a cer-laws and fiatutes of this realm heretofore made, limited and appoint- tain limitation edy extend, and be of fo far and long time pajl, that it is above /^oftim^fbrthn remembrance of any living man, truly to try and know the perfect £ono?l^ds.~ certainty of Juch things, as hath or Jhall come in trial, or do extend unto the time and times limited by the said laws and Jlatutes, to the great danger of mens confciences that have or Jhall be impanelled in any jury for the trial of the fame ; (2) and it is also a great occafrn of tmcb trouble, vexation and fuits to the King's loving fubjefls at the common laws of fhis realm, fo that no man, although he and his aneeftors, and thofe whofe ejlate he or they have, have been in peaceable poffeffton of a long feafon, of and in lands, tenements and other hereditaments, is or can he in any furety, quietnefs or rejl, of and ip. the fame, without a good remedy and reformation be had, made and provided for the fame: (2) be it therefore enabled by the King pur fbvereigp lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no manner of person or perfon? shall from hencefprth fue, have or maintain any writ of right, (4) The limita-or make any prefeription, title or claim of, to or for any ma- tio.n of prc-nors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, commons, penfions, portions, corrodies or other hereditaments, (5) of the pofleflion This°claufe * of his or their anceftor or predeceflor, and declare and alledge not extend to ppy farther feifin or pofleflion of his or their anceftor or prede- writs of right peilor, but only of the feifin or pofleflion of his anceftor or of^vowfon, predeceflor, which hath been, or now is, or shall be feized of, jJj I# the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, Commons, c.5. f. 4.’ penfions, portions, corrodies or other hereditaments, within Bro.Limitat.i. threefcore years next before the tejle of the fame writ, or next before the said prefpription, title or claim fo hereafter to be,fu$d, r0* ar‘ u Commenced, brought, made or had.

II.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, That 1 Bulft. 162. no manner of person nor persons shall hereafter fue, have or limitation of maintain any aflife of mort-anceftor, cofinage, ayel, writ °f aftionsP^fltf-entry upon difleifin done to any of his anceftors or predeceflfors, fpry. ^ or any other a&ion pofleflory, upon the pofleflion of any of his anceftors or predeceflbrs, for any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, of any further feifm or pofleflion of hi$. or their anceftor or predeceflor, but only of the feifin or poflef-. fion of his or their anceftor or predeceflor, which was, or hereafter shall be feized of the fame manors, lands, tenements or Other hereditaments, within fifty years next before the tejle of the original of the fame writ hereafter to be brought.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Concerning no person nor perfops shall hereafter fue, h^ve or maintain any fuitfbrlanjof

B4 .

  CaOOQle

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.

[»540*

Moor 31 pt. 102. Hetly 18,44. z Roll. 50.

3 Lev. 11.

1 Vern. 195. • Examined

adlion for any manors, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments of or upon his or their own feifin or poflelfion therein, above thirty years next before the tejle of the original of the fame writ hereafter to be brought.

Avowry or IV* And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That cognizance for no person nor persons shall hereafter make any avowry or cog-any rent, fuit pizance for any rent, fuit or fervice, and alledge any leifin of or fervice. any rent, fuit or fervice in the fame avowry or cognizance, Co. it. 168. jn tpe poflelfion of his or their ancellors or predeceflor or pre • deceflors, or in his own poflelfion, or in the poflelfion of any other, whofe eftate he shall pretend or claim to nave above fifty * years next before the making of the said avowry or cognizance. V. And over that be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

_______ That all formedons in reverter, formedons in remainder, and

njoith tie record. Jcire facias upon fines, of any manors, lands, tenements, or v.8. Co. 64. b. other hereditaments* at any time hereafter to be fued, shall be werferorre- **uec*> ^nd taken within fifty years next after that the title hiaindcr, fcire *n<l caufe of a&ion ftdlen, and at nQ time after the (aid fifty fac’upon fines, years palled.

Altered by n VI. And be it also enacted by the authority afprefaid. That mo Avow' -f any Pcr^on or Perfons at any time hereafter do fue any pf the ,07; w* (aid adhons or writs, for any manors, lands, tenements or other Dyer 278,315. hereditaments, (2) qr make any avowry, cognizance, preferipr Jar for de- tion, title or claim of or for any rent, fuit, fervice or other here-within thefin laments, (3) and cannot prove that he or they, or his pr their rime of limits- anc*ftors or predeceffors, were in adlual poflelfion or fe}fin of and in the fame manors, lands, tenements, rents, fuits, fer-^ Vices, annuities, coihmons, penlions, portions, corrodie§ or other hereditaments, at any tipie or time? within the years before limited and appointed in this present adt, and in manner and form as is aforesaid, (4) if the fame be traverfed or denied by the party plaintiff, demandant, or avowant, or by the party tenant or defendant, that then and after such trial therein had, all and every such person and perfops and their heirs, Ihall from henceforth be utterly barred for ever, of all and every the said writs, adtions, avowries, cognizance, prefeription, title, or claim hereafter to be fued, had or made, of and for the fame manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or other the premlfles, or any part of the faipe, for the which the fame adlion, writ; avowry, cognizance, prefeription, title or claim hereafter IhaJl be at any time had, fued pr made.

VII. Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority a-forefaid, That all and every person and persons which now have any of the said adtions, writs, avowries, Scire facias cognizance, prefeription, title or claim depending, or that hereafter shall fue, commence, make or bring any of the said writs or adtions, or make any of the said aVowj*ie$, cognizances, prefeription, titles or claim, at any time before the feaft of the Afcenlion of our Lord God, which Ihall be in the year of our Lord God a thou-fand five hundred forty and fix, shall allcdge the feifin of his of fheir ancellors or preaeceflors, or his own poflelfion and fetfin,

and

uon.

A provilo for fuits depending A. D. ?S46*

  Google

9

1540,] Anno tncefimo secundo Henrici VIII,

and also have all other like advantages to all intents and pur-pofes in the fame writs, actions, avowries, cognizances, prescriptions, titles and claims, as he or they might have had at any time before the making of this eftatute; this git or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons now being within the age of twenty-one years, or covert baron, or in pnfon, or out of this realm of England, now having caufe to have, foe, commence, make or bring any of the said writs or actions, or to make any avowries, cognizances, prefcriptions, titles or claims, that it shall be lawful to such person or persons being within age, covert baron, in prifon, or out of this realm, to fue, commence, or bring any of the said writs or actions, or make any of the said avowries, cognizances, prefcriptions, titles or claims, at any time within fix years next after such person or persons, now being within age, (nail accompli(h the age of one and twenty years, or within fix years next after such person or persons, now being covert baron, shall be foie, or within fix years qext after such person or persons, now being in prifon, shall be (fet at his liberty, or within fix years next after such person or persons, now being out of this realm, shall come and be within this realm: (2) And that every such person and persons in their said altions, writs, avowries, cognizances, prefcriptions, titles or claims to be made, fued or commenced within the said fix years, shall alledge within the fix years the feifin of his or their an-ceftors or predeceflors, or of his own pofleffioil, or of the pof-fefiion of thofe whofe eftate he shall then claim; (3) and also within the fame fix years shall have all and every like advantages to all intents and purposes in the fame, as he or they might have had before the making of this alt, and as though this alt had never been had ne made ; this alt nor any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	Provided also, That if it happen the said person or per-fons, now being within age, or covert baron, in prifon, or out of this realm, having caufe to fue, commence, make or bring any the (aid writs, altions, avowries, cognizance, prefcription, title or claim, to deceafe within age, or being covert, as is a-forefaid, or during the time he or they shall be in prifon or out of this realm, or to deceafe within fix years next after such person or persons shall accompli(h his or tneir full ages, dr shall be at large within this realm, or shall become foie, and no determination or judgment had of such titles, altions or rights, fo to them accrued ; that then the next heir or heirs of such person or persons being in prifon, or out of this realm, or within age, or being covert baron, fo dying, shall have and enjoy all and every such liberty and advantage to fue, demand, advow, declare or make their (aid titles, claims or prefcriptions within fix years next after the death of such person or persons now im-priloned or being out of this realm, or within age, or covert de J>aron, in such or like manner and form to all intents and

purpofes.

A provifo to relieve women covert, infants within age, persons in prifon, or out of the realm, at the time of tbit statute made*

A remedy to relieve the heirs of an infant, a woman covert, any # person in prifon, or out of the realm, if the party him-felt die before judgment.

  (^.ooQle

A remedy for the heir, if the fuit of his anchor abate before ‘judgment.

The party

grieved may ave an attaint upon a falfe verdict given.

Statutes continued concerning burning in the hand, &c.

ti H. S. c. 14, Trial of foreign pleas.

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIIL [ 1540*

purpofes, as the fame infant after his full age, or the said woman covert after the death of her hufband, or the fame person being out of this realm after his repair or coining into the fame, or the said person imprifoned after his enlargement and coming out of prifon, should or might have had within fix ye^rs then next enfuing, by force and virtue of the provifion last before reheaifed j any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding,

X.	Provided also, That if any person or persons before the said feaft of the Afcenfion of our Lord God, which shall be in the said year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred and forty fix, commence and fue any of the said adions or writs, or make any avowry, prefeription, title or claim, apd the fame adion* writ, avowry, cognizance, prefeription, title or claim happen, by the death of any of the parties to the fame, to be abated before judgment or determination thereof had; that then the said person or persons, being deihandants or avowants, or making any such cognizance, prefeription, title or claim, being then alive, and if not, then the next heir or heirs of such penon or persons fo deceafed, may commence and purfue his or their adion and fuit, and maze his or their avowry, cognizance, prefeription, title or claim, for or upon the fame matter, within one year next after such adion or fuit abated, apd shall have and enjoy all and every such liberty and advantage to fue, demand, avow, declare or make their said titles, claims or pren feriptions, within the said one year, as the demandant or demandants in such writ or fuit abated, or as such as did avow or make cognizance, title or claim, or prefeription, should or might have done, had, ufed, made or enjoyed in the said former adion or fuit; any thing in this ad to the contrary not-withftanding.

XI.	Provided furthermore, That if any falfe verdid happei\ hereafter to be given or made in any of the said adions, fuits, avowries, preferiptions, titles or claims, that then the party grieved by reafon of the fame shall and may have his attaint upon every luch verdid fo given or made, and the plaintiff in the fame attaint, upon judgment for him given, shall have his recovery, execution and other advantage, in like manner and form as heretofore hath been ufed and accuflomed ; any thing before in this ad contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

CAP. III.

For the continuation of certain afts. ,

WHERE in the last parliament begun and holden at London the third day of November in the twenty-firjl year of the King’s mojl gracious reign, and from thence adjourned to Weft minder, and there holden and continued by fmdry prorogations;

It was enacted among other things, That all foreign pleas triable by the country, which Jbould be pleaded by any person or persons arraigned upon any indictment for any petty treafon, murder or felony, Jhould

  C^ooQle

154°*] Aimo tricefiroo feciwto Henrici VIII.	1K

be tried bifort the fame jufiias afore whom Juch persons Jhculd be orreigntd, and by the fame jurors of the county that jhcdl try the petty treajbx, murder or felony. without any further refpite or dday y (2) and that no p erf on or persons arraigned for any petty treafen, mur-kr or felony, Jbould he admitted to any peremptory challenge above the number of twenty 5 (3) which alt was made to endure to the end of the next parliament, as by -the fetid all, amongjl divers claufes and preiufions contained in the fame, mrc plainly is expreffed.

IL And yuhere clfo in the fame parliament it was wafted. That 11 H. g. c. 1. no per Jon or persons which Jhould happen to be found guilty after the Clergy taken laws of Ait realm, for-any manner of petty treafon, or for any wil- fr?mof* fid murder of malice pretenfed, or for robbing of churches, chapels Sa aS.0”** sr other holy places, or for robbing of any person or persons in their iwtllwg~boufes or dwelling-place, the owner and dweller in the said boufe, his wife, his children or firvants then being within, ana put in fear and dread by the fame, or for robbing of any person or per-Jens in or near about the highways, or for wilful burning of any dwelling heufes, or bams wherein any corn or grain Jhall chance to be (2) nor that any person or persons being found guilty of any abetment, procurement, helping, maintaining or counfelling of or to any such petty treafon, murders or felonies, Jhould be admitted to the benefit of their clergy, (fuch as be within holy orders, that is to fay, of the orders ef fuMeacon, or above, all only exeept) with many other clau-Jits and provifions contained in the said aft, as by the fame aft mono plainly appeareth; (3) which aft was also made to continue and ex* dure to the loft day of the next parliament.

III.	And where also in the fame parliament it was further en- %s H. S. c. 1. ailed, That every such person and persons, which Jhould happen to A ^clon fand-be indifted of any petty treafon, wilful burning of houfes, murder, chlnTndnea-robbery, or burglary, or other felony, according to the tenor and bove xx. or meaning of the said efiatute next above rehearfed, and thereupon ar+ not anfwering Wgned, didJiand mute of malice or froward mind, or challenge pe- directly. rtmptory above the number of twenty persons, or will not anfwer di-

reftly to the fame indiftment and felony whereupon they Jball be arraigned, that then every such person and persons Jhould loje the benefit and privilege of their clergy.

IV.	And it was also ordained by the fame aft. That if any person or persons be indifted and found guilty for Jlealing of any goods or chattels in any county of this realm, or, being indifted, Jiand mute of malice, or challenge peremptory above the number of twenty persons, or will not anfwer direftly to the law, Jhould also lofe the benefit of their clergy, in Hie manner and form as they Jbould have done if they had been indifted, arraigned ana found guilty in the fame county where the fame robbery or burglary was done, if it flsall appear to thejufiices by evidence or examination, that the said felons or robbers arraigned afore them Jhould or ought to have hfi their clergy by force of the Jaid efiatute, in cafe they hadbeen found guilty of the fame felonies or burglaries in the f ame ft. ire where they were committed, as by the said ally amongfi Giber t/sings, more at large is exprejfed.

V.	Ana where also in the said parliament it was further ordained, a 5 H *8. c. 6.

That the detillable vice of buggery, committed with mankind or beaft,

1

  (^.ooQle

si H. 9. c. i.

Such as be within orders shall be ufed as others be.

The aforesaid statutes made perpetual.

This claufe fecmstobere-oealedby i M. flat. i. c. i. f.

5-

Altered by r & * Ph. & M. c. xo. f. 8.

A remedy for the cognizee

Anno triceffmo lecundo Henrici VHI. £1540^

Jbould be felony, and that the offenders therein Jbould lofe the benefit of their clergy $ (2) which aft was made to endure to the loft day of the, next parliament, as by the fame aft, amongfl other things, it appeareth more at large.

VI.	And where also in the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minder the eighth day of June in the twenty-eighth yearof the reign of our /aid moil dread Jovereign lord King Henrv the eighth, and there continued and kept until the Siffohttion thereof, it was ordained and enaftedy That all and fingular the faidfeveral afts above remem-bred, and every of them, Jbould continue and endure in their force and firength, ana also be obferved and kept until the lafi day of the next parliament; (2) and it was also ordained by the authority if the fame parliament, that fuck as be within holy orders Jbouldfrom thenceforth Jland and be under the fame pains and dangers for the ojfences contained in any of the said jlatutes, and be ufed and ordered to all intents and purpojes, c* other persons not being within holy orders, ary frovifion or exception fpecified in any of the said afts, or any other usage or cuflom of this realm to the contrary thereof notwitbjlanding, as by the fame afts, among other things therein containedy more plainly appear eth. (3) And forafmuch as all and fitigular the said Jrueral afts above mentioned be good and be beneficial for the common wealth. of this realm:

VII.	Be it therefore enabled and ordained by the authority of* this present parliament, That all and fingular the said feveral afts, and every of them, and all claufes, articles and provifions in them and every of them contained, shall continue and endure in their force and ftrength, and be obferved and kept for ever.

VIII.	And be it also enafted by authority of this present parliament, That such persons as be or shall be within holy orders, which by the laws of this realm ought or may have their clergy for any felonies, and shall be admitted to the fame, shall be brent in the hand in like manner and form as lay clerks be ac-cuftomed in such cafes, (2) and shall fuffer and incur afterward all (uch pains, dangers and forfeitures, as be ordered and ufed for their offences of felony, to all intents, purposes and con-ftruftions, as lay persons admitted to their clergy be or ought to be ordered and ufed by the laws and statutes of this realm $ any ftatutes, laws, provifions, privileges, cuftoms or any other thing to the contrary thereof heretofore ufed notwith-ftanding.

CAP. IV.

Treafons shall be tried that be committed in Wales, or where the King’s writ runneth not, in such (hires, and before such commilfioners as the King shall from time to time aflign by his commiffion.

C A P. V.

For the continuation of debts upon execution.

WHEREAS before this time divers and sundry persons have fued executions, as well upon, judgments for them given of their

debts

 

z54°«] Ajmo triccfimo fccundo Henrici VIII.	13

debts and damages, as upon such statutes merchant, Jiatutes of the °r obligee, flattie or recognizances, as have been to them before made, recognized 4W knowledged, and thereupon such lands, tenements and other here-	jn

Staments as were liable to the fame execution, have been by reqfon- tion be rcco-able extent to them delivered in execution for the fat'tsfaftion of their vered from fmd debts and damages, according to the laws of this realm\ (2) ne- hun* vertbelefs it bath been oftentimes feen, that such lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo delivered and had in execution, have been recovered or lawfully dtvejled, • taken away, or evifted from the pojfejjion of the fend recoverers, obligees or recognizees, their executors or afflgns, before such time as they have been fully fatisfied and paid off their said debts and damages, without any manner fraud, deceit, covin, collu-fan or other default in the said recoverers, obligees or recognizees, their executors or affigns\ (3) by reafon whereof the said recoverers, obligees and recognizees have been thereby fet clearly without remedy by any manner Juh of the law, to recover or come by any such part or parcel of their faief debts and damages as was behind, and not by them levied or received before such time as the said lands, tenements and other hereditaments, fo by them had in execution, vberc recovered, law~ filly dwelled, taken or evicted out of and from their pojfeffions, as is aforefaii, to their great hurt and lofs, and much feeming to be againjl equaljuflke and good confcience; (4) for reformation whereof, be $7* it eroded by authority of this prelent parliament. That if here-after any such lands, tenements or hereditaments, as be, or p ‘

(hall be nad, and delivered to any person or persons in execution, as is aforesaid, upon any juft ana lawful title, matter, condition, orcaufe, wherewithal the said lands, tenements and hereditaments were liable, tied and bound at such time as they were delivered and taken into execution, shall happen to be recovered, lawfully divefted, taken or evi&ed out of and from the pofleffion of anvluch person and persons, as now have and hold, or hereafter shall have and hold the fame in execution, as is aforesaid, without any fraud, deceit, covin, collufion or other default of the said tenant , or tenants by execution, before such time as the said tenants by execution, their executors or afligns, shall have fully and wholly levied or received the said whole debt and damages, for the whicn the laid lands, tenements and other hereditaments were deliver- 4 Co. 45.

«d and taken in execution, as is aforesaid, (5) then every fuch	^

Tecoverer, obligee and recognizee, shall and may have ana pur- , i?ftat.* fue a writ of Scire facias out of the fame court from whence the ic. 45. said former writ ot execution did proceed, (6j againft such per- * Cro. 593. fon or persons as the said writ or execution was first purfued, their heirs, executors or afligns, (7) of such lands, tenements or hereditaments as were or been then liable or changed to the said execution, (8) returnable into the fame court at a certain day, being full forty days after the date of the fame writ, (9) at which day if the defendant, being lawfully warned, make default, or appear and do not (hew and plead a fufficient matter or caufe (other than the acceptance of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments by the said former writ of execution) to bar, avoid or difeharge the said fuit for the reftdue of the said debt and damages remaining unlevied or unreceived by the said former

 

Google

24	Anno tricefimo fkundo Hrwrici Mill* [1540

mcr execution, then the lord chancellor, or other foch juftice or iuftices before whom foch writ of Scire facias {hall be returnable, shall make eftfoons a new writ or writ9 out of the feud former record of judgment, statute merchant, statute ftapfe or 1	recognizance	of	like	nature and effedt as the feud former writ of

execution was, for the levying of the refidue of all such debt and damage as then fhatl appear to be unlevied, unfatisfied or unpaid of the whole fum or rams in the said former writ of execution contained; any law, coflom, or other thing to the contrary heretofore ufed in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

a? H. 8. c.16. Whofoever shall deliver any horfc into Scotland, or the batable 1 Eliz.c. 7.	ground, to the ufe of a Scottijb man, without the King’s li-

* ci	CCIKC» Shall be adjudged a felon, and the wardens <5 the

x# * 1‘	marches	may	hear	aim determine such felonies*

CAP. VII.

For the true payment of tithes and offerings*

This a61 is	TT 7HERE divers and many perfects inhabiting in sundry counties

confirmed and V V and places of this realm, and other the King's dominions, not cnUrged by regarding their duties to Almighty God, and to the King our fovereign *	lord, but in few years paft more contemptuoufly and commonly prefimnng

to offend and infringe the good and wbofefomc laws of this realm, and gracious commandments of our said fovereign Lord, than in times paft hath been fern or known, have not letted to fubtraB and withdraw the lawful and accuftomed tithes of corn, hay, pajlurages, and other fort of tithes and oblations commonly due to the owners, proprietaries and poffeffors of the parfonages, vicarages and other ecclcftaftical places of and within the said realm and dominions, (2) being the more encouraged thereunto, for that that divers of the King'sfubjefts, being lay persons, having parfonages, vicarages and tithes to them, and to their heirs, or to them, and to their heirs of their bodies lawfully begotten, or for term of life, or years, cannot by the order arid courfe of the ccclefiaftical laws of this realm, fue in any ecclejiaftical court for the wrongful withholding and defaming of the said tithes or other duties, (3) nor cannot by the order of the common laws of this realm have any due remedy againft any person or persons, their heirs or afftgns, that wrongfully detaineth or withholdeth the fame; (4) by occajion whereof much controverfy, fuit, variance and difeord is like to infurge and enfue among the King's fubjetts, to the great detriment, damage and decay of many of them, if convenient and fpeedy remedy therefore be not bad and provided:

Tithes shall II. Wherefore it is ordained and enabled by our said fovereign be paid ac- lord the King, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-cord mg to the ^ anj t^e commons, in this present parliament aflembled, parifiTwhere an^ ty authority of the fame. That all and Angular persons of they be due. this his said realm, or other his dominions, of what eftate, degree or condition foever he or they be, shall folly, truly and effectually divide, fet out, yield or pay all and fingular tithes and offerings aforesaid, according to die lawful cuffoms and

ufages

  Google

15+0-1 Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.	i$

ufages df the parifhes and places where such tithes or duties

dull grow* arise, come or be due \ (a) and in cafe that it (hall

happen any person or persons, of his or their ungodly or per-

verfe will and mind, to detain and withhold any of the faid

tithes or offerings, or any part or parcel thereof, then the per- Cro. El. 607*

fop or party, being ecclefiftical or lay perfon, having caufe to The offender

demand or have the said tithes or offerings, being thereby

wronged or grieved, shall and may convent the person or pef- dinw-y?

Tons io offending before the ordinary, his commifiary, or other competent minifter, or lawful judge of the place where such wrong shall be done, according to the ecclefiaftical laws ; (3) and in every such caufe or matter of fuit, the fame ordinary, commiffary, or other competent minifter or lawful judge, having the parties or their lawful procurators before him or them, shall and may by virtue of this a ft proceed to the examination, hearing and determination of every such caufe or matter ordinarily or fummarily, according to the courfe and procefs of the said ecclefiaftical laws, and thereupon may give fentence accordingly.

III.	And in cafe that any of the parties, for any caufe or mat- The appellant ter concerning that fuit, do appeal from the fentence, order ftL*!1 .Pay cf&* and definitive judgment of the said ordinary, or other com- other* wrty? petent judge, as is aforesaid, then the fame judge by virtue of Cro. 10.178. this a<5t forthwith upon such appellations made, (nail adjudge to

the other party the reafonable cofts of his fuit therein before Expended ; (a) and shall compel the fame party appellant to fe-tisfy and pay the fame cofts fo adjudged by compulfory procefs, and cenfures of the said laws ecclefiaftical, (3) taking furety of the other party to whom such cofts shall be adjudged and paid, toreftore the fame cofts to the party appellant, if after the principal caufe of that fuit of appeal (nail be adjudged againft the lame party to whom the fame cofts shall be yielden; (4) and fo every ordinary or other competent judge ecclefiaftical, by virtue of this aft, shall adjudge cofts to the other party upon every appeal to be made in any fuit or caufe of fubtraftion or detention of any tithes or offerings, or in any other fuit to be made for or concerning the duty of such tithes or offerings.

IV.	And further be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, The 0^n(jer That if any person or persons, after such fentence definitive ^an ^ bound given againft them, obftinately and willfully refufe for to pay by two justices their tithes or duties, or fuen fums of money fo adjudged, of the peace wherein they be condemned for the fame, that tnen two jufticesto obey the of the peace for the feme (hire, whereof one to be of the quorum, fcn^nce.* shall have authority by this aft, upon information, certificate or complaint to them made in writing by the said ecclefiaftical judge

that gave the feme fentence, to caufe the feme party fo refufing, to be attached and committed to the next gaol, ana there to remain without bail or mainprife till he or they shall have found fufficient fureties to be bound by recognizance or otherwife, before the feme juftices, to the ufe of our said fovereign lord the King, to perform the said definitive fentence and judgment.

6	V.	Pro-

  LjOOQle

Lands dif-charged of tithes.

Co. pi. f. 454. % 8c 3 Ed. 6.

C. IJ. C4.

The inhabitants of London. 2 Co. 44.

Recoveries may be had, ana conveyances made in temporal courts, of tithes, as of lands.

Co.Lit.i59>a.

11 Co. 25.

Judgments given, and

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. [154$.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That no person or persons shall be fued, or otnerwife compelled to yield, give or pay any manner of tithes for any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments* which by the laws or ftatutcs of this realm arp difcharged, or not chargeable with the payment of any such tithes.

VI.	Provided .alfo, and be it eAafted by authority aforesaid. That this aft nor any thing therein contained mall in any wife bind the inhabitants of the city of London, and fuburbs of the fame, for to pay their tithes and offerings within the fame city and fuburbs otnerwife than they ought or (hould have done before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes where any person or perfoils which now have, or which hereafter shall have, any eftate of inheritance, freehold, term, right or intereft of, in or to any parfonage, vicarage, portion, penuon, tithes, oblations or other ecclefiaftical or fpiritual profit, which now be, or hereafter shall be made temporal, or admitted to be, abide and go to or in temporal hands and lay ufes and profits by the law or statutes of this realm, shall hereafter fortune to be difleifed, deforced, wronged or otherwife kept or put from their lawful inheritance, eftate, feifin, pofleffion, occupation, term, right or intereft of, in, or to the fame, or of, in, or to any parcel thereof, by any other person or persons claiming or pretending to have intereft ot title in or to the fame 5 (2) that then in all and every such cafe or cafes, the person or person fo difleifed, deforced, or wrongfully kept or put from his or their right or pofleffion as is afore rehearfed, their heirs, wives and such other to whom such injury and wrong shall be done or committed, shall and may have their remedy in the King’s temporal courts, or other temporal courts, as the cafe shall require, for the recovery, getting or obtaining of such inheritance, eftate, freehold, iei(m, pofleffion, term, right or intereft, (3) by writs original of Prat quod red-dat, affile of Novel dijfeijtn, Mortdanc\ quod ei deforciat, writs of dower, or other writs original, as the cafe shall require, to be devifed and granted in the King’s court of chancery, of every such parfonage, vicarage, portion, penfion, or other profit called ecclefiaftical or fpiritusd, fo to be demanded, according to the nature and caufe of the fuit thereof, (4) in like manner and form as they (hould, ought or might have had, of or for lands, tenements or other hereditaments, in such manner to be demanded: (5) and that writs of covenant and other writs for fines to be levied, and all other aflurances to be had, made or conveyed, of any such parfonage, vicarage, portion, penfion or other profit called ecclefiaftical or fpiritual as is aforesaid, shall be hereafter devifed and granted in the said chancery according as hath been ufed for fines to be levied, and afliirance to be had, made or conveyed, of lands, tenements or other hereditaments: (6) and that all judgments to be given upon any of the faid

writs

 

Google

154°0	Anno triccfimo fccundo Henrici VIEt.	ij

write original, fo to be devifed or granted of or for any the the King'* premises, or any of them, and all fines to be levied and know-[edged in any of the King’s said courts thereof, shall be of like of like force as force and effect in the law,‘to all intents and purposes, as judg- of lands, xnents given, and fines levied of lands, tenements and hereditaments in the fame courts upon writs original therefore duly pur-fued and profecuted* albeit no such form of writs original out of the (aid court of chancery have heretofore proceeded or been awarded.

VIII.	Provided always. That this last aft shall not extend Remedy shall nor be expounded to give any remedy, caufe Of aftion or fuit be had for in the courts temporal againft any perfoh or persons which anf* shall refufe or deny to fet out his or their tithes, or which shall detain, withhold or refufe t6 pay his tithes or offerings or any courts, and parcel thereof; (2) but that in all such cafes the perfoh or not in the party, being ecclefiaftical or lay perfoh, having caufe t6 de-temPorab mand or have the said tithes or offerings and thereby Wronged or grieved, shall take and have their remedy for their said tithes or offerings in every such cafe in the fpiritual courts, according to the Ordinance in the first part of this aft mentioned, and jj, ^ Ct hototherwife; any thing herein exprefled to the Contrary there- * Co. 43. of notwithftandirig*

cap* vnii

Whofoevefr shall fell or buy any pheafdnt or partridge ffaviitg the * t* c. *7. officers of the King’s, Queen’s or Prince’s houles) shall forfeit for every pheafantyj. s. viij. d* andfor every partridge iij. a. iv. d. td the King, fstc.r^To endure until the lajl dtiy ofthe need parliament.

CAP. IX*

The hilt of bracery and buying of titled

THE King our fovereign lord, calling to his mofl blejjed rtrrtm- 1 Roll. 44?* trance, that there is nothing within this realm that conferveth hit laving fubjefts in mdre qUietneft* reft, peace and good concord, No person than the due and juft mniftration of his laws, and the triti and in- (ha)lfell or different trials of fitch titles and \jfues, as been to be tried according ly any right U the laws <jf this realm, (2) which his mojl royal Majcfty perceiveth to be greatly bindred and letted by maintenance, embracery, champerty,	9

fubomation of witntffes, finijter labour, buying of titles and pre- maintenance tenfei rights of persons not being in pojfejfton, (3) whereupon great in amr fiiit. Perjitfp hath enfued, and much inquietnefs, opprejjion, Vexation, AU statutes troubles, wrongs and difinheritance hath followed among his tnojl ^inte^** laving fubjefts, to the great difpleofure of Almighty God, the difeon- nance em-tmtatm of his Maiejiy, and to the great hindrance and let of juftice bracery and 4vitbin this his realm : (4) for the avoiding of all which mifde- SlII,Ixl|^rty’ • meanors, and buying of titles and pretenled rights, and to the^^j0^tm intent that juftice may be more fully and indifferently miniftred,, Leon. 166, and the truth in Cauies of contention plainly tried between his 208. fubjefts of this realm : (5) be it enafted by our said fovereign lord, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and ~£p1, ' *5 * the commons, in this present parliament aflemblcd, and by fooor 2$6. pi. Vol. V.	c	the	414.

Google

iS

j Leon. 233.

. Hob. 115. Godb. 450. Goldsb. ioi. pi. 6.

Hetley 164. Plowd. 78. Dyer 74.

4 Co. 16. Bro. Maintenance^. , Vro, El. 257. Cro. Car. 43,

Anno tricefimo fecumte HEttRicl Vlti.

the authority of the feme, That from hehceforth all (tefutes heretofore made concerning maintenance, champerty and eni-bracery, or any of them* ftow (landing and being m their foil ftrength and force, shall be put in due execution, according to the tenures and effects of the fame (lafutes.

il. And over that, be it further dna&fed by the authoHty aforesaid, That no person hor persons, of what eftitfe, dfcgree or condition foever he or they be, shall from henceforth rargih), buy, or fell, or by any ways or means obtain, get or kavfe any pretenfed rights or titles, or takfe promife, grant or covenant to have any right or tide of ahy person or petfons, in or to iniy manors, lands, tenements ot hereditaments (except ftich pdr-fon or persons, which shall fo bargain* fell, give, gnrrit, covenant or promife the fame, their inteceflors, or they bv whorii he pr they claim the fame, have beeii ift pdflfeflion of the fame, or of the reverfion ot remainder thereof, or taken the rents or profits thereof, by the fpace of one whole year next before the laid bargain, covenant, grant or promife madfe) (2) upon jakth that he that shall make any fucn bargain, fale, promife, co-‘	tenant Or grant, to forfeit the whole value of the lands, tene-

ments or hereditaments, fo bargained, fold, prothifed, cove-^onerfiallbuy nanted or granted, contraiy to the form of thrs a<ft > (3) and ariyprrtenfed the' buyer and taker thereof^ knowing the fame, to forfeit also ln the valile of the fatd lands, tenements or hereditaments fo by the feHcr hath'or taken as is abovefaid ; (4) the one half of the taken the pro- feid forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the fit '*	» oncLQther half to the party that will fue for the fame in any of the

yCA ^eft}-re‘ King's courts of record, by addon of debt, bill, plaint or in-78 201	76*	f°rmat»on; fo which addon, bill, plaint or information, no

9	# efloin, protection, wager of law, nor injunddon shall be al-

lowed.

III.	And furthermore, That no manner of person or persons, of what eftate degree or condition foever he or they oe, do hereafter unlawfuUy maintain, or caufe, or procure any unliw-ful maintenance, in any addon, demand, fuit or complaint id King's courts. anY of the King’s courts of the chancery, the ftar-charhber, Goldsb. 113. Whitehall, or elfewhere within any of the King’s dominions of * England and TVales, or the marches of the fame, where any per-fEl c Q °’ f°n or Perf°ns have or hereafter shall have authority, by virtud Bro. rasunte- °f the King’s commiffion, patent or writ, to hold pica of lands, nance, i, 3, 5, or to examine, hear or determine any title of lands, or any matter 7. 8, 9,23, or witnefles concerning the title, right or intcreft of any lands, i*’ at* *7’ 2*’ tenements or hereditaments; (2) ana also that ho person rtor per-28^ 30! \V9 34, fons, of what eftate, degree or condition foever lie or they be, da 39,40,41, 42) hereafter unlawfully retain, for maintenance of any fuit or plea, 4T> 4*, 49» 5°» any person or persons, or embrace any freeholders or jurors, or ft^oenalty is fu~orn ^Y witncfs» hy letters, rewards, promifles, or any other enlarged^fo^er labour or means, for to maintain any matter or caufe, or by5El.c.9.f'.3. to the difturbance or hindrance of juftice, or to the procurement or occafion of any manner of perjury bv falfe VerdiCt dr otherwife, in any manner of courts aforesaid, (3) Upon pain to forfeit for every such offence x. li. the one moiety therddf unto the King

’ bur

tTojawfot maintaining of a fuit depending in any of the

 

Google

Anho fricefiind secundo HiNRtCi Vlfl.	19

tMa foveftlgh 1 bid, aftd the other moiety to him that will foe for the fame by a<ftionf of debt* bill, plaint or information in ahy of the King’s courts \ in which action, no effoin, pro-teraon, wager of law, nor injunction shall be allowed;

IV. PfoVided ilwav, atid bt it enacted by the authofity furchaSnffoF ifbrtfaidj That it shall be lawful to any person or performs be- apretenfed tij Ingm lawful pofleflion by tifeirig bfthe yearly farm* tents or profits, of or for dny manors* !and$, tenements br heredita-	Uk)I*

ihenfS; to buy; obtAin, get or hive* by any reafortable ways Dycr.si^ br means* the pretenfed right dr title bf ahy dther pbrfotv or persons, hereafter to be made to, of, or in fuoh manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof he or they shall fo be in lawful pdfleffidri; ahy thing ill this a6t (contained to the contrary fadtwithftanding:

V: And for the due ^xefcutiott of this present a<5t* be it farther Proclairfatiort exia£fed by authority abovefaid, That the justices of affife of of the statutes feyery circuit within this realm, and elfcwhere Within the King’s °r miintc-aomiriions, shall in ev&y county within their ciftUits, tWo times lit the year^ that is tb (ay, in the time of their fittings for the fcall be made taking of affixes or delivery of the gaols, c2ufe open profcldtha- at the affife** tiori fo be made, as Well of this prCfertt act, and of every thing therein contained, (i) as also of all other statutes heretofore fnade againft unlawful maintenance, champerty, embracery or unlawful jetdiners, to the intent that no manner of person or persons, hearing the fame, (hould be ignorant br mifcbghifant of the dangers and penalties therein contained andfpecified.

VI.	Provided alway, ahd be it enacted by the authority Withirt what ifor&ald; That this 4£t shall nof extend to charge ahy person time the x>f-br persons with ahy of the penalties mentioned in the said act, for any offence by hirrl of them committed contrary to the said We ' iS, except the fame person or persons (o offending be fued

fby action bf debt, bill, plaiht or information in any of the Ratf. jij,4*7.

5 courts, within one year next after the fame offence by r

married, and of women offending with them by incron- 31 H.g, c* tinency, limited by the statute of 31 H. 8. c. 14. A pried f dCJbfi* offending by incontinency, and convict according to the laws 1 mentioned ut 31 H* 8. c. 14. shall the first time forfeit to the King all his goods, chattels; debts, and all his fpiritufcl productions, faving one ; and being the fecond time convict, he shall forfeit all his goods, chattels, debts, and the iffues and profits of all fos lands, benefices and promotions ; and being ' the third time Convict, shall forfeit all his goods," debts, lands, benefices, &c. 2nd be imprifoned during his life: and the womin, if married, (he shall be imprifoned during life; but being unmarried, (he (hall, the first time (he is convict, forfeit all her goods, chattels and debts ; the fecond time, the * & 3 Ed. 4* moiety of the iffues of her lands during her life\ and thee, *1.

or them £6mmittedj as is aforesaid.

CAP. X.

C %

 

third

fi» M*

d by Google

C. J».

3 8c 4 Ed. 6. c. 17.

7 Ed. 6. c. if. x M. feff. i. \

c. i.

20	Anno	tricefimo fccundo Hbnrici VIII. {1540*

. third time, the whole iffues and profits of all her lands, fafV. and shall be imprifoned during her life.	'	*

CAP. XI.

REP 1Ed*6* ^ b® f®lony to take, or caufe to be taken, the egg or eggs ’1	'	of any faulcon, goihawk or lanard, or their birds, out of their

nefts i (a) or with vizards or painted faces, or otherwife dif* guifed, to the intent he would not be known, to (leal deer or conies in the day-time in a lawful warren or park; or to Heal deer or conies in the night there;

CAP. XII;

All sanctuaries and places privileged, which have teen ufed fot sanctuary, shall be utterly extinguished, except pari(h churches and their church-yards, cathedral churches, hofpitals and churches collegiate, and all churches dedicated, ufed as parifh Churches, and the sanctuaries to either of them belonging, and WeRs in the county of Somerjet, Wejlminfier, Mancbefter, Northampton Norwich, Yorks Derby and Lahcafler. (2) None of the said Dlaces shall give immunity or defence to ariy perr fon which shall commit wilful murder, rape, burglary, robbery in the highway or in any houfe, or iri ally church or Chapel, or which shall bum wilfully any houfe, or batn with COril. (3) He that taketh sanctuary in any church, churchyard. CsY. rtiay remain there forty days, as hath been ufed, unleis the coroner repair to him to take his abjuration; in which cafe he shall abjure to any of the forefaid privileged places, not being full of the number appointed to them, viz. above twenty persons, there to remain during life. (4) If a privileged perfon, daily called to appear before the governor, shall make default three days, or if he commit any , felony, he shall lofe the benefit of lanCtuary, (5) A privileged person abjuring to any of the aforesaid places, shall be conducted from conftable to conftable direCtly, until he be brought to the governor of the said privileged place; and if that place be full of his number, then he shall be conducted to the next privileged place, and fo to the next, fafr. until, tsV.

CAP. XIII.

The bill for the breed of horfes♦

FJrafmuch as the generation and breed of good and flrong horfes within this realm extendeth not only to a great help and defence of the fames but also is great commodity and profit to the inhabitants thereof which now is much decayed and diminijhed, by reafon that in forejlss cbafesy moorSy marifheSs heaths, commons and wafte grounds within this realms little ftoned horfes and nags of fmall fiature and of little values be not only fuffered to pajlure and feed thereupons but aljo to cover and leap mares feeding tkeres Whereof cometh in manner no profit or commodity:

i	II.	For

SI H. I. C< X.

%% H. 8. c. I4* *7 H. 8. c. 19. 33 H. 8. c. 15. REP. 1 Jac. i. c. 8c 11 Jac. t. c.18.

 

Google

*54Q*] Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII,	ll

II.	For reformation whereof, and for the increafe and breed of better and ftronger horfes hereafter to be had within this realm, be it ena<fted by the King our foverpignJord, the lords fpiritua} and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That no pom- Thc ^ moncr or commoners within any foreft, chafe, moor, marifli, h«ightofthof* heathy common or wafte ground, nor any officer or officers ftoncd horfes ojf or within any of the said forefts or chafes, nor any other per-fen or persons, whatfoever he or they be, at any time after the TOmm^in last day of March which shall be in the year or our Lord God certain coun-one thousand five hundred and three and forty, shall have or ties, put to pafture into or upon any such ground, foreft, chafe, moor, marifh, heath, common or wafte ground, ahy ftoned horfe or *	%	*

horfes, being above the age of two years, and uot being of the * ' f‘ altitude or height of fifteen handfuls, tp be meafured from the loweft part of the hoof of the forefoot, unto the higheft part of the witfier, and every handful to contain four inches of the ftandard, to pafture, feed or be in or upon any of the said forefts. phafes, commons, moors, marifhes^ heaths or wafte ground? within any of the (hires and territories of Norfolk^

^SuffolkCambridge, Buckingham, Huntingdon Effex, Kept, Souths fiampfbiret Nojtb-Wiltfhire, Oxford, Berkjhire, Worcefter, Glot teftery $om(rfetx Pfortb-Wales, South-Wales, Bedford, Warwick,

Nortbamptony YorkJbirer Chejhire, StaffordJhirCy tne county of the

cjty of York, the town and liberties of Glocejiery the county

6f the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, the county palatine of Lanr

cajler, tfie couqty of Salop, Leicejlery Hertford and Lincoln, or

within any of them; (2) por shall put to feed or pafture any

ftoned fiorfe pr horfes, being above the said age of two years, and

pot being of the altitude and height of fourteen handful, to be

meafured as is abovefaid, within or upon any like ground or

grounds as been abovp written, lying or being within any other

lhire of this regliq, nor within any of them, (2) upon pain of	,

forfeiture of thp laic} horfe or horfes which mall be fo found

in or upon any fuph grqund, foreft, chafe, moor, marifh, heath,,

common pr wafte ground, at any time after the said last day of

March which shall be in the said year of our Lord God one

thoufand five hundred and three ana forty, contrary to the form

of this ftatute.

HL And it shall bp lawful to evpry person and persons that Seifure and shall find any such horfe pr horfes, contrary to the form of this meafuringofa ftatute, to fejfe the tyrne ip mapper and form following, that is to fay, 'The said person apd persons fo finding any horfe or. u horfes, contrary to this a£i, ip any foreft, chafe, common, moor, marifh, npath or wafte ground, within the said (hires', or othyr limits aforesaid, or in any of them, shall first go to the keeper or keepers of the fame foreft or chafe, or to his deputy pr deputies, or to the conftable, bailiff, headborough, burftiolder or tythingmap of any townfhip next adjoining unto the said place where the said horfe or horfes shall be, and shall command or require him or them, or any of them, in the Kingrjs

 

Google

%t	Aqpp	triccfimo fccqndo Henrici VIII, [^$49^

bphalf, to go with hitn or them, to bring every such hqpfe pr hprfes, as He pr they /hall think to be there feeding anS goipe contr^iy to thi$ flatufe/ to the next ppund, and there tjhS fpd * hqrfe and horfes to be meafured by ^r\y of the fame officer or of* ffcers/in the nrefenqs of three other hoheft pen, to be named »*	' * ' and appointed by the said officer: (2) and if It fo be found

that the fame hone or horfes bp contrary to this aeft, that then it shall be lawful to every such person and pprfops that fo shall chaP> |enge and feife the said horfe pr horfes, as befqre is faid, to take 1	ancF retain the fame hprfe and horfc^ ^nd evp;ry pf them^ fo

•	his own itfe, as his own proper goc^ds anc( chattek For eyer?

without ler? interruption, vexafciop, fuit or trouble of the owner or owners of them.* or any of them, or pf aqy other pprfdn ot pprfons)	t	■	,	:	.

■ IV. Alfo it is farther en^flpd by the authority abovefaid. Sfctomea*" That if any of the (kid keepers, their deputy ojr deputies, bailiff^ lure a horfe coqftables, headbaroughs, burl^olders or tvthingmerj, or any not of a lawful bf t|ie said three other honeft men, which lhall be required to height being be at the meafuring of tjie Taid horfe or horfes, as is afbrdaid, dq flu1red?t0 ** refpfe to. dp as is aforesaid,: or ehe dp not truly rpeafurp toch •	’ horfe pr horfes, that then every such bailiff, keeper, deputy or

deputies, conftable. beadborough, burlholder and tythingmai^ and the said three nonpft persons, to lie named as is aforesaid, and pvery of therp, not doing and refnfmr to do his or their duty ih the preqiiffes^ (ha}l forfeit and lore forty shillings for every time fo refafingto dp, pr not doing as is aforefeidy the one half thereoPto be to our fovereign lord the King, ana thd other half thereof to be to the party that will fue for the fame in any court of our fovereign lord the Kingi by bill or plaint of debt, information or otherwife 5 ip which acftioq npnp efloip, wager of law or protection shall be admitted or allowed^ Horfes break- V. Provided alway, That this act shall ndt extepd; tp alij ing forth into ftoned horfe or horfes. that shall happen once in any year, the common after the said last day ox March) to break, efcape or go out or owners will any Fev^ral pafture or ground, againft the will and mind of the -	•	*	owner of pofTeflbrpf such horfe or horfes, into any of the faid

forfeits. chafes, moori^ marifhes, heaths, pammons pr Wafle grounds, fo that the (aid horfe or horfes fo breaking, effaping of going out, do not remain or abide in the said foreffs, chafes,1 jpaoprs, marifbes. heaths, commons pr waflje ero\pids, or jjfay of them, by the Ipace of four days next after fumcient apd Opiq notice and knowledge given at the dwelling-houfe of the owner pf the said horfe or horfes, or after open publication thereof made upon a Sunday or other feftival day, in the parifly church where thp owner or pofTeftor of such horfe dp'th dwell.

Forefts,	r VI. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefajd, That

heaths,chafes, all forefts, chafes, commons, moors, marilhes, heaths and commons, ahd wafte grounds, within this realm of England and IVahi^ and ftall1>f driven • marches of the fame, and every of them, shall be driven at once in the the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, or withiri yev.	fifteen days then next after, (2) and fo yearly to be driven by

4 {nit. 307.	*	'	•	^	‘	the

  v^ooQle

154a 3 Anno tricdiax) secundo Henrici VIII.	%%

the lords, owners and pofleflors of the said forefts* chafes, or by the officers of the fame, apd by the conftables, headboroughsj bailiffs, burfholders and tythingmen, within whofe offices, pre-cinfts and limits, the commons, moors, marifhes, heaths and vr^fte grounds, being put of forefts or chafes, be or lie, (3) upon pain ojf *1. $. to be forfeited to our said fbvereijm lord the King, by evenr of the said officers, bailiffs, conftables, hqd^aroughs, buruiolders and tythingmen, as often and at every time as the said drift shall be omitted or left undone, or not effeftually done within fifteen days after the said feaft of St. Michael toe archangel, as is aforesaid. (4) And it shall be {awrfal to the said Ipras, owners and pqfleffioners of the said forefts and chafes, by their officers of the fame, and by the fonffables, bailiffs* headboroughs, burfholders and tytning-men, and every of them within the limits of their offices, to make like drift of the said forefts, chafes, commons, moors, mari(he$, heaths and wafte grounds, at any other fe&fon and timp of the ye^ yyhepfoever and as often as they fh^ll think meet and convenient.	*	’*	;	1	•

YH. And furthermore be it enacted, That if m any of the Upon the drift said drifts there shall be found any mare, filly, foie dr gelding, °f commons that then shall be thought not to be able, nor like to grow to be able to bear foies, qf reafonabje ftature, or not able, nor like	f

to grow to be ^bfo to do profitable labours, by the diferetion of **te*4 the drivers aforesaid, or of the more number of them, then %*(£££$* the said driver or drivers shall caufe the'fame unprofitable /,/aC.i.c.*£ bcafts, and every of them, to be killed,* qnd the bodies of f,i*. them to be buried in the ground, or otherwife bellowed, as, n6 noyance thereby shall come or grow to the people there near inhabiting or thither reforting.	*	7

VIII. And it is further enafted by the authority of this pre- Jufticw of font parliament. That thejuftices ot peace in every (hire, riding in and other place, in their quarter-feffions to be kept and holden ftcwarditn by virtue of the King’s comraiffion of the peace to them direfted, thtir leeu and all stewards ot leets and lawdays, in the fame leets and and law*daysf lawdays, shall have authority by this aft to enquire of all.de- fllaIl1cn5uirc faults, contempts, omiffions and offences contrary to the ef- ^0^f®*^nces fefts above written, and every of them; (2) and all presentments thereof to be found in any of jhe said leets and lawdays,

(hall be certified by the fteward or deputy fteward, or court-holder of the fame leet or lawday, in the next generaj feffiohs of the peace to be holden ip the county where such prefent-ments shall be foupd or had, or unto the Cuftos Romorum of the fame fhire, within forty days next after that prefentment made j 13) which justices of peace, In their quarter-feffions of the peace, shall have power and authority by this aft to hear and determine every fuen prefentment before tnemfelves found, or in any of the faid.leets or law-days to be prefented and certified as is aforesaid, as well by examination as otherwife; (4) and if any such fteward, deputy fteward or court-holder afore-|pdi imbezil qf .conceal any such prefentment, or do not cer~

. ......... '	C*	•	tify

  v^,ooQle

i4	Anno	triccfimp	fecundo Hjsnmci VIIL [1540,

tify the fame as is afore written, «very of them fo offending jfhall forfeit and lofe for every fuel) offence xl.s. (5) the one Jialf of every such forfeiture, and of every other of the forfeitures afore written, to be to the King our fovereign lord, gnd the other half to the person or persons that will fue for the fame before the said justices of peace in their said quarter-fcfllons, by bill or informatiQn, which justices shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this aft, to hear and determine every such offence, as well by examination as othejrwifc, as i$ before mentioned.

No horfc, IX. And be it further cnafted by the authority afbrefaid, gelding or That no person or persons after the feaft of St. Mubael the wkMhe fcab arc^iange* ncxt coming, shall have or put to pafture any horfc, shall be put * gliding or mare, infeft with fcab or mange, in, to or upon upon the	any of the said forefts, chafes, moors, marifties, heaths, com-

eommoni.	mans, wafte grounds or common fields, upon pain to fprfeit

for evpry hoife, gelding or mare fo infoft, pafturing in any of the said grounds, ten {hillings, (2) which offence shall be enquirable and preventable before the fteward in every leeti as other common winoyances be; and the forfeiture thereof tq be to the lord of the fame Jeef where the ftud offences shall be prefented.

Horfesoffinall X. Provided alway. That this aft, or any thing therein height miy be poptainpd, {hall not extend, nor be prejudicial to any person or put wher* persons having any ftoned horfc or horfes, under the heights ”fad?abek°\	altitudes above mentioned, for or concerning the having

3*H.°8.c.T or putting any of the said horfes to feeding in or \ipon any *	*	common or other wafte grounds, where any mares or fillies

j*re not ufed nor fuffered to be fed, paftured or kept.

CAP. XIV.

1 El. c. i§. Theftatutes of 5 R. 2. 8tot. 1. c. 3. 6 R 2. c. 8. 4 H. 7. e. 10. £sf 5 El. c. 5.	23 H. 8. c. 7. touching freighting in English (hips only, rc-

?3EI.c. 15.	hearfed and confirmed: A rate what shall be paid for the

freight or portage of the feveral forts of merchandises from the port of London to other places, and from thence to London. With a provifo, that in cafe of war tfie freight may be raifed.

CAP. XV.

ji H. s. c. 14. In all commiflions tp b$ granted to the bifhop of the diocefe, Repealed by his chancellor and commiflary, epneerning chriftian religion, EEd. 6. c. n. according to the statute of 31 H. 8. c. 14. there (hail be joined with them the archdeacons and their officials, all ^hich {hall be named in the said commiflions by their names of dignity, and not by their chriftian and fumames.

CAP. XVI.

Concerning Jlrangers.

THE King our mojl dread fovereign lordf calling unto his blejjei remembrance the infinite number of Jlrangers and aliens of foreign countries and nations, which daily do increafe and mtutipty

pitbsq

 

1540 ] Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici yill.	25

within bis Grads realm and dominions, in excejfive numbers, to the Aliens shall be great detriment, hindrance, lofs and impoverijbment of his Grace's ^^w^and natural true lieges and fubjefts of this his realm, and to the great de- ftatufeTofthis cay of the fame; (2) remembring also, the manifold good afts and realm* fiatutes which have been heretofore made, as well by bis mofl noble progenitors, as by his own mofl royal Majefiy, for reformation of the fame in divers and sundry parliaments, that is to wit: Firjl, in the A recital of frft year of the reign of King Richard the Third, where it was 1 c- 9-traded. That no perfon, not bom under the fame King's obeifance, aije^bont nor made denizen, taking upon him to be an artificer or haniicraftsr not made de-9 man, Jbould take nor occupy any houfe or chamber within this realm, nizen, being nor abide or remain in the fame, nor fojowrn with anyfirange perfon,	1fx?|Jccr*

not being bom under the obeifance of the fame King, as is aforejaid, nor txercife or occupy any craft or manual occupation within the fame houfe or chara-realm; (3) but that juchgrangers Jhouid depart from this fame ber, nor fo-reolm, within a certain time appointed by the said eftatute, unlefs if**™	*

they were retained in fervict to or with any fubjefts or lieges of tie oSu^any^ Kmgonly, which were expert in their crafts or occupations, under craft/ 7 pain to forfeit all their goods.

II. And that no perfon, not being bom under the find King’s obei- An alien (baQ fence, nor made denizen. being ah artificer or handicrafijman, Jbould	**7

fmke any cloth within this realm; (2) and also that no Juch fir angers SSebywt^ Jbould fill any wares within this realm, but only in grofs, and not by nortafce any # retail, upon pain offorfeiture of the said wares.	(*) And moreover fervant but

that no perfon, not being bom under the King's obotfanee, abiding in Jgng'e cay houfe or chamber within this realm, occupying any handicraft, af-	hlt

ter a certain time in the said aft limited, Jbould take any fervant to

work with hipt-» except it usere bis fon or daughter, or elfe one of the fubjefts of the said King, and bom under his obeifance, upon tain to forfeit fir every fucb default xxf }if as in the said aft amongfi other things more plainly appearetti.

III.	And where also in the fourteenth andfifteenth year of the reign A recital of 1+ of our said fovereign lord the King that now is, it was enafted. That ** J nofiranger, bom out of his Grace's obeifance, were be denizen or not tice^onour-* denizen, ufing any handicraft or occupation within this realm, Jhouid neymen aliens take any apprentice, except the fame apprentice were born within his muft take. Grace* l dominions and obftfance, upon pain to forfeit for every fucb

apprentice fo taken, x. li.

IV.	And that also no firanger, nor alien bom, under like pain, ufing flny handicraft withifi thisreahn, after a certaintime limited in the faid

pH, Jbould take or have any journeyman or covenant fervant, except	.	t

Jfucb journeyman or covenant fervant were born under bis Grace's obei-fence.

V.	And that all manner of aliens bom, as well being denizens as 5 El. c. 4. not denizens, inhabiting within the city 0/*London, or a certain /pace

about the fame, Jhouid be under the fearch and reformation of the war* dens of tie fellowjbtp of handicraft5 within the said city of London, os in the said efiatute, among other things, more plainly appeareth.

VI.	And where also in the parliament of our said fovereign lord, A recital of

Mien at Weftminrfer in the twenty firfi year of his mofl gracious11	*•	*$•

fdgn, it was enafted\ among other things, That no fir anger Jhouid keep

any

  Google

2§	Apnp	trkcfirno	bkrici	VHI.	[i549,

Alicn8^(hal! be any morefervantsflrangers but o#fyK tvyo at one time, (2) ap4 J ^th'the^	then	mad^ or f(er tq be mqde, which wgujd inhabit

ith the '	ww#	Wintr	y	‘y#/»w/	Within

Kjpg's fob-	fad city f London* of ipithift a certain circuit of thefafa and

jWb/they shall would there keep any heufe of occupy any craft or occupations fWear tobe be contributory to and yoith the Kin ft grace's fubjffli of th crqft or ^occupations within the said city of London, j>qyingy 1 and fiiftfdning fah charge f defame craftfmen as m the f

true to the King,-and lhafl nuke no aifexnbJies but*t their

is contained 5 (3) qqf that fheyjboqld also present ihfifelves

) and also fiat m jkqpger, faffa qr	bfaoyi

his Grace's m&f($9 pot bring fapizen.^tyfet ufo or keep any

■ •	hotfe, Jbops or'cfqmjtpb whew* tfwJboW	m	hftndifraftM

my/leryzuit bimthti realty upo% like penalt ies as beent meqtioped in thq .. ,	Jaid former ejlfakl; {$) tyd (hat also no fir anger npr deniz^.ijjf{

1 •	being born witpjp this realm*, 'jftould affemblf in any company, ft

'	Jhip, tongregaffw or {onventjicl^ but only in the ^v^nop half of uffhg

crafts, with his Grace's fubjefls of the fqpit crdfix Hpop Eke pa fas ...	is aforejaid, as	imongtydny	otfyerthiflgs?

. & ... more Iplainly qppepfak > (4) nil %ub\cb good wholeforp a*d benefleid

1 * hits anJjlatutes in manner infringed, fcu/frqtf4x tipd dfrquflfa •	chiefly, by (he m*qq& of faff*, letters patents obtained by we crafty

fuitSy inventions and promises of flub Jtrangers, lately made denizens in great numb#* which letters patents do contain, (hat every Jfh denizen Jhall %e as free a* Fnglifhmen Wti^diy bora Within the, King's grace', dmmm.' w4 fa face $ qny aft* Of fatutes fab fa to he made to (he contrary mt%dthflafaiqg \ (7) by reef on whereof the said denizens reffe to obey and perform fugh orders and directions as in the said former tflatutes weft mifa prtfcribefl and dedareb **' well to and fer fanft rangers bom out of the King's obeiface, as af‘ that time were made. deph&ps, pr that after Jhould bf wide denizens, to the great hindrance Qi\d decay of the handier oftfmen, being the King'\ grace's natural lieges and fajegs.

AM Grangers VJI. For reformation whereof th? King’s mod royal Majesty ftairbe^ol^di- *s cpntented and pleafed, that it be enabled by his mod gradient unto the" QMS High^C?, the lord$ (piritp*l and temporal and the com-ftatutes. mons, in this present parliament aflembletj,.^nd by authority of 1 RjL3' %?*	^ fan®*, That *U n)ani^q- of (badgers horn out of his Gnjce^s

fS 8‘ oWtoft which heretoforA h^ve been fnade denizens, or tbalt « H. 8. c. *. hcreaAdT fl^all be ina4c den&eiWs from ^pd t^e firf* day oif September next coming, (hstij hd hound apd obechent by and unto all the forefaid a6ls and ftatutes, and to ail the contents of the 1	fame, and to/aii other a<3$ and ftatutqs of this realm heretofore

made, ppvy being in their force ar>d not repealed 3 any letters patents or ordinances heretofore made, or hejeafter to he made. Aprovifo in the contrary thereof in any wife notwiihftaodingt (2) ana ail letters pa- that also ip all and every letters patents of or for the making of in^deSzehs^ ^ny denizen, fropi and after the last day of this present pariia-thft they shall mept, to be fnade to any ftranger not b*eing born under th^ be obedient to King’s grace’s obeifance, shall bd contained a provifo, fh?t the laws. .	'	  or

  v^iOOQle

. iftO.J Anuo triccfimo fccundo Henrici VIIIr

or they \o whom such letters patents shall be fo macje and granted (Jiall be bound and pbedient by and unto all the acts and efta-' totes of this realm, as is aforesaid, and to all and every the content? ofthefame; ^except it (hallbethe King’smoft gracious pleafure to grant to any such alien any fpecial liberties pr privileges, more or otherwife than is contained in the said effytutes; and in that cafe all fiich 'liberties and privileges Fo to be granted to any such alien, contrary to the form of any of the fajd eftatutes, shall be plainly,, wholly and particularly expreffed, fpecified and declared by fecial words, as well in the bill amgned with the King’s grace’s Kandfpr obtaining of any such grant, as in the letters patents to be m?de out of the chancery for and concerning the fame.

VIII.	And furthermore be U enabled by the authority afore- No alien dwe!-faid. That no alien or ftranger, denizen qr not denizen, ufing £ngJ£ nX/ord# any handicraft, being born out of the King’s graced obeifance, f^^twofer-inHablting within the univerfitie? of Oxford or Cambridge, vants that be" or within the precinct of St. Martin's k Grand in London, of ftrangers at within any other such like places privileged, shall from the feaft one time* of St. Sd^fhael the archangel next1 cqming/retain, have or keep in their fervicef any apprentice, journeymen or fervant, being aliens bprn out of tne King's obbifance, above the number of tWQ perfoh$ at one time; (2) upon pain and penalty contained in the wjd^ct made in the laid fourteenth and fifteenth years of His Grace’s reign; any act or provifipn heretofore made to the CQjitfary fa ahy wife nbtwithftanding.

TX. Andthat it be also enabled by theauthority aforesaid, That Every alien every alien and ftranger born out of the King's obeifance, not J^nd by the being denizen, which no\y or hereafter shall come in or to this thl% realqi, or elfewhcfe within the Kjng’s dominions^(frail, after the said first day of September nex{ commg, be bounden by ind unto -	*,	%

the laws and ftatute? of t|y? realm, and to all and ungular the contents of the fame.

X.	And that pone of the King's fubjects shall retain or keep Noperfonmay together at pne time ip hre houjhold, Yervice or family, gbove £CCP above the number offfbur ftrangers born out of the King’s obeifance; i^hisrerv^* (2) nor that any alien, being denizen, and ufing no handicraft, at ^

(hall retain or keep in his hqull^pld, fervice or family, together

at one tiniej abpvp the said number of four ftrangers; (3) upon

pain that the offender and offenders contrary to this article, mall * ’ -	*

lofe and forfeit fot every ftranger born out of the King's obeiT

Iance, fetained and kept above that number, ten pound?; (4) the ’ •

ihoiety of-all which forfeitures shall be to the King’s highness, *

his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch

perfon pr persons as will fue for the fame by original writ, bill,

plaint or information, in any of the King's courts; in which

fuit none effoin, protection nor wager of law shall be admitted'

pr allowed.

XI.	Provided alway, That this act, nor any thing therein con- A prodamt* tained, shall be hurtful or prejudicial to such proclamations as

die King’s majpfty hath publi(hed pr proclaimed for and con- fjr th* emung thepayment of custom for ftrangers, granted by the good- ment ot cuf-

nefs tom#

  LiOOQ le

tS	Anno triccfimo secundo Hknrjci VIII. [[1549,

ncf$ of his Maiefty to endure for certain years, but that the fame proclamation mall abide, be and remain in the fame plight and ftrength that it is and as if this ad had never been made; air; T ,	-	.	thing in this ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

parliamente	XII, Provided alfo. That every lord of the parliament ipay

may keep fix keep the number of fix ftranger* bom out of the King’s obei-Grangers. fance, together at one time, any thing ip this ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII, And it is further epaded by authority aforesaid. That xens, may take	leafes	of any dwejling-houfe or (hop within this realm, or any

any leafes of the King’s dominions, made to any ftranger, artificer or hand*-, houfts. craftfman, bom out of the King’s obeifance, not being denizen, from and after the faidfeaft of St. Michael the archangel next com-t ing, shall be void and ofnoneefFed; (2) and that no ftranger, artificer orhandicraftfman, born out of the King’s obeifance, not being denizen, shall after the lame feaft take any leafe of any dwefling-houfe or (hop within this realm, or in any other the King’s dominions, upon pain to lofe and forfeit for every time doing contrary to this ad, one hundred (hillings; (3) and that no persons after the fame feaft shall grant or Jet to ferm any dwelling-houfe or (hop to any such ftranger, artificer or handicraftfman, not being denizen, to the intent to dwell or iiy-. }>abit in the fame, upon like pain of one hundred (hillings; (4) the one moiety of which pains and forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to such as will fue for the fame, in manner and form as in this ad is above ex-prefled.

CAP. XVII.

13 ft 14 Car. at For paving of High-Holbom and other places, Aldgatf and Whitts * a.	Chapel.

CAP. XVIII.

The bill for re-edifying of towns.

CAP. XIX.

For the re-edifying of certain towns in the wejl parts.

CAP. XX.

Concerning privileges and franchises.

Co,pi. f. 440, XX7HERE divers and sundry fetes, circuits and precinfls of late S4*-.	VV monaflexieSy abbathies, priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitals

U^rrieTof n<i ot^er ^cc^fidflicQl and religious houfes and places, and divers ho-lands, fte.	noun* caflles, manors, mcjjuages, lands, tenements, liberties, privileges,

former ltatutet/ranchif s and other hereditaments, by divers and sundry flatutes here-aftiired to the tofore made, been ajfegned, limited and appointed to the order, rule, fur-King, shall be vey^ and governance of the court of our fovereign lord the King, called continue .	the court of'augmentations of the revenues of his croyjn,andof the chan-

cellor, officers and minijlefs of the fame, (2) by the which flatutes it is not fully, plainly nor exprefey declared or uheaxftdy how and in what :	wife and by whatJpecial officers and minijlers, the liberties, privileges and

franchiftSy tuhich the latf owners of thefamefetes, circuits% precinfls, honours, caflics, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements and other the prerjnffe\ had fifed and exer(ifed,JhoulI, be ordered, ufed, exercifed and put in execution

  v^ooQle

154°*] Anno tricefimo iecundo Heniuci VIII.

*9

attm: (3) Be it therefore enacted by the King our fovereign lord. The fame * with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the	tbtt

commons, of this present parliament affembled, and by the au- 0f%titfous *** thority of the lame. That all and lingular the fame liberties, fran- houfes* had J chiles, privileges and temporal jurildi&ions, which the said late within three owners had, ufed and exercifed lawfully, by themfelves, or by IS0”1 their officers or ministers, or might have ufed and exercifed law- (haH be fully* by themfelves, or by their officers or ministers, or might revived, and have uled or exercifed, within three months next before that the be a&ually in

lands, tenements and other the premifles, came to the p< iiic wuix w fion of the King's highness, shall be by virtue of this present augmenta-aft revived, and be really and actually m the King’s highness, tions. his heirs and fucceflors, and lhall be in the rule, order, furvey M** 197. and governance of the King*s said court of augmentations of the revenues of his crown, and of the chancellor, officers and ministers of the fame; (4) and that the fame liberties, franchises, privileges, and temporal jurifdi&ions, and all manner fines, illues, amerciaments, and other profits and commodities, of what kinds or natures foever they be, coming, growing or riling by reafon or occafion of them, or any of them, lhall be ufed, exercifed and occupied to all intents, purposes, conditions and relpeds, and lhall be claimed, levied, colle&ed and taken by such stewards, bailiffs, and other officers and ministers, as shall please the King’s highness to name and appoint, in like manner, form, fashion and condition as they or any of them were lawfully ufed, exercifed, executed, claimed, levied, collected and taken, before that they came to the hands and pofleffion of our laid fovereign lord; (5) and that the fame stewards, bailiffs, officers and ministers, lhall beaccomptant for the illues and revenues of their bailiwicks and offices, and shall be compelled to account in the said court of augmentations, like as the King’s receivers or other officers accomptants in the said court heretofore have done or ought to do.

II. And where also divers and sundry fites, circuits and precinQs of late monajleriesy abbies, priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitahy and other eccUfiaJUcdl and religious houfes and places, and also divers honourr, caftles, manor Si mejfuagesy lands, tenements, liberties y privileges^ fran-shifts and other hereditamentwhich been coming to the King's hands by attainder or attainders of high treafon, been affignedy limited and appointed to the order, rule, furvey and governance of the King's general fur-veyors 5 (2) andforafmuch as it is not fully y plainly nor exprefty known or declared, how and in what wife,, and by what jpecial officers or mi-niflersj the temporal liberties, privileges^ franchises and temporal ju-rtfdiflions, which the late owners of the said fites, circuits, precinftSy honours, caftlesy manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements and other tbepre-mjfes bady ufed and exereijedy Jbould he orderedy ufed and put in execution: (3) Be it therefore  enacted by authority aforesaid. That Thofe lands, all and lingular the fame liberties, franchises, privileges and dec. of the late temporal jurisdictions, which the late owners of the said fites, cir-

laid fites, circuits, precin&s, honours, caftles, manors, melfu

cuits,precin£U, honours, caftles, manors and other the prei

  v^ooQle

30	Anno	triceflmo	fecundb	HEffRiCr VIII;

&ln the or- which been feoine into thfc King’s hands by attainders, sis Is ifWfr-6*‘ faid, lawfully hid, ufed and exircifed by themfelves, oc by tfrtSr' ***** ey- officers bf thihifters, or Which they might have tiffed ’or exettiW, Within three months next before tnat the fame files, cifcuits,pire:-cindts, honours, fealties, manors, and other the brerrtlffts, feaftife to the polfelfibn of the King’S nighnefs. shall be by virtue tif this a<5t revived, and be really and actually in the King’s higfcr-hefs, HiS heirs ahd fuccelfors, and shall be in the rule, oraa*, fiitvey and governance of the ftihgS said general furveyOrs,drttf of the officers and ministers of the fame; (4.) and thatthe ftihte liberties, fhknchifes, privileges and temporal jurilUrftiOns, anti ill manner of fines, i (tiles, amerciaments and other profits and commodities, of what kinds or natures foever they be, mhitrg, growing Or tiling by teilbn of occafion of them, or any of them, maij be ufed, exercifed and executed tb all intents^ pUrfaOftSy feohdhlbhs and rtfpefets, and IhaH be Claimed, levied, collefetett *and taken by such stewards, bailiffs, and other officers and mti-nifters as (hail please the King’s hlghttefs to name and appoint fbr the fame, in like manner, form, fashion and Condition as they or ahy Of them were Ufed, exercifed, executed, claimed,-levied, collected and taken before they came to the hands ahd pdflfelRon of out said foVertign1 lord by attainder, as is afbrtfald; (5) and that the said stewards* bailiffs, officers and miniftdts thereof, lhall be accotnptant for the iifTues and revenues of thU$r bailiwicks and offices, and shall be compelled to account before the (kid general furVeyorS, other officers accomptants in that court heretofore have dorte, or ought to do.

The jurifdic- til. And be it enafeted by authority aforesaid^ That the fin'd tion of the stewards, bailiffs and other officers and ministers, lhall be' baiTiffiofthofe attendant and obedient to all other the King’s courts, as well liberties that for all executions and retuhtS Of writs* Warrants and precepts, were late the as for their perforial appearances, and other duties of their offices,-abJ*?s'.&c- Hke aS the officers and ministers of the said late owners did and tendance to* ojjght to do, or (hould have done by reafon of their fetid feveCaf the King’* offices, before that the feme liberties, privileges amd temporal courts. juHfaidions did come to the poiTeffion of our (aid fovfereign lord, ahd that to be done and obfcrved upon all pains and penalties by the laws of this realm limited and ordained for any offence-Or default ih the fame : (a) ahd that no fhcriff, under-lheriff, nor other officer or minifter, of any Iheriff or other foreign officer or mkiifter, shall in any wife intromit or meddle in, with or upon any of the premiffes, othefwife or in any other manner, nor for any other caufe, than they or any of thertv lawfully might have done before the feme premififes did come U> , * „ the ponfeffion of our said fovereign lord, mayufcliich IV. Provided always and be it enaCted, That all arfd fihgulir liberties as he persons and bodies pblitlck,'and the heirs, fucCfeffors and Singhs hath by the of every of them, (nail have, hold and enjoy, ufe, execute arid Ctf oriien*ifctS ^trtife ?s well by themfelves, their officers, fervants and mltti-fte'rs, as by and for their tenants, farmers and refiants, all aHd Angular liberties, privileges and franchfifes, which they of any t>f them now have by or from the King’s majesty by any letters

patents.

  LjOOQle

i54d0 Antio tricefitno fecufide Hbnrici Vltl.

patents, mdcrttures, toritirigfc under any his Highnefs feals, dr by authority of paHhktoeht, ot* othet#ife* or by the lawful grant or lfeafe of any person dr persons, otby any other means or la#-fill Iftle, inas large* ampte and beneficial manner, to allintents, riefbe&s and purposes, as they 6r ariy of them no# bare, or of rigm ought to have, the feMhberties, frihchifes and privileges, or any t>f them, and as though tilts 36t had heVer been had ne made ;

Tuiy thing above written notwithstanding, {2) (the privileges of faoAuaries, church, church-yihlS Or cemeteries, tor tuition of tritefemflbrs atid offenders only Excepted;) (3) fatihg to all and iaving to all fingufar perfohs* arid bodies pofiticfc* and tfte heirs, fut<?£flors and persons theft afligns of every of them, all fuchpffice and offices, fees, ahnui^ °®cc.#» fccs» ties, profits and cbmmotfitres* Which they or any of them now have* or of right ought to have, $n or upon, dr by reafbn of the any 0fthe laid iites, circuits, prCcirt&s* caftles, honours* manors* meflfuages, lands of any lands, tenements, liberties, franchises, privileges and other the Abbeys, &c. premifies, or(in ahy pari or parcel df them*, m as large and Ample ^manner, form, fashion and condition, to all refpedts Ahd pur-pofes, as if this adt had never been had nor made; any thing th this adt to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V.	And ftlrthermdre, be it enacted by the authority df this present parliament. That the chaneeHor of the said cbiirt Of augmentations how being, and every of his fucceflors* being chancelloir of that court, and the King’s general attomey* and ini Grace’s attorney of the said court of augmentations for thd ttihe being, and every of them, and their fucceflbrs, and th'e fecceflors of every of them, shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this adt, to take to the ufe of the King our fdvereign Fines may be lofrd, his heirs and fucceflors, knowledges of all manner of edn- levied in the cordfc for fines thereupon to be had and recorded in the Court of mernarions^to our laid fovereignlord the King, and of his heirs and fucceflbrs, the Ipng. commonly called the Common Place, of and upon all and 'lingular manors, lordfhips, lands* tenements and other hereditaments, being, and which by reafon of thofe fines or otherwile ftail be, under the order, rule or furvey of the said court of augmentations, without any fine or fee to be paid for the fame;

(2) and that the judges andjuftices for the time being of the said court called the Common rface, and their fucceflbrs, shall accept, receive and allow all the said knowledges of concords by the said chancellor and attomies, or ahy of them, to be certified and delivered unto the said court called the Common Place.

, VI. And the fame to be as effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, as if the fame knowledges 6f concords had been court of aug-made, taken or acknowledged before the chief judge of the said mentations to common place out of the fame court, or openly in that court; (2)thc and iHo that the said chancellor and attomies for the time being,

And every of them, and the fucceflbrs of every of them, shall have ftfll power and authority to take knowledge tor inrollments of all deeds made or to be made to the ufe of the King our fovereign lord*, his heirs and fucceflbrs, of any manors, lands and tenements, (3)

And of ail obligations to be made to the King, his heirs and fuccef-

fors.

 

Google

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. [1540#

fofs, or to any other perlon or persons to the ufe of the King, his heirs and fucceffors, for any matter or caufe concerning the (aid court of augmentations, or concerning the said manors, lands and tenements, without any fee, gift or reward, by them or any of Inrollments in them to be taken therefore: (4) And the fame deeds, fo know-the court of ledged, to be inrolled or regiftered in the said court of augmen-oUgSSSeed ut*ons, an^ being there inrolled or raftered among other made to the * rccor^ there remaining, and the inrollments and regiftnngs of ufe of the the fame, to (land and be of record, and of as good ftrength King, and of and effect, as if the lame were or had been knowledged before all obligations. any other judge or juftice of record, and inrolled in any other court of record.

The King's VII. Provided alway, and be it  enacted by the sfuthority kw court* aforesaid. That in all such of the said liberties, franchises and within the places privileged, and in every of them limited to the said court vtrge, and his of augmentations, and to the furveyors court, wherefoeverthe clerk of the King’s highness in his own mod royal person shall come to execute his* re^> tan7» abide or make his repofe within this his realm, or office there. “Y his dominions, within liberty or without, there and with-*7 H. s. c. a. in the verge limited and accuftomed to his Grace’s court during the time of his abode, the fteward or great matter of his Grace’s houfhold, the marfhal, coroner, clerk of the market, and all other his minitters, shall and may keep their courts for juftice; and exercifc their office and offices, as shall appertain to them according to the laws, cuttoms and ttatutes of this realm, as well within liberties and franchises as without: (2) and that his Grace's clerks of the market, and none other, during the fame time, as well within the said liberties and franchises sis without, shall exercife the office of clerks of the market within the said verge5 any privilege, grant, allowance or other thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

The liberty of VIII. Provided alway. That this article next above rehearfed, thecity ot or any thing therein contained, be not in any wife prejudicial to &£re- *ec&o f London ; but that the fame city shall have and ufe such liberties as they might if that article had never been had ne made.

IX.	And where also the fites, circuits end precinSts of the late monafiery of Furnes, and of the late monafleries and priories of Cartemele, Coninglhead, Burfcough and Holland; and also divers honours^ cajllesy manorsr mejfuagesy lands, tenements, liierties0 privileges, franchises and other hereditaments^ late parcel and appertaining to the said late monafleries and priorieSy or to any of them, which been coming into the Kings handsy been afignedy limited and appointed to the order, ruky furuey and governance of the chancellor, officers and minijlers of the county palatine and duchy of Lancafter ; (2) And forajmuch as it is not fully, plainly nor exprefly known or declaredy how and in what wife, and by what fpeciat officers and mi-nijtersy the temporal libertieSy privilegeSy franchises and temporal/if-njdiftionsy which the late owners of the faidfiteSy drcuitSy precinfts% honoursy caflesy manors, meffiuagesy landsy tenements, and other the

premijfes

 

Google

$s

C$40.3 Anno tricefimo fccundo Henrici VIII.

framjfes	badtufed tr exercifed, Jbtuld be trdered, uftd and put in

txuution:

X.	Be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefiid. That The lands of dl and Angular the fam# liberties, franchises, privileges and c:e^Si5tc 9 temporal jurifdiftions, which the (aid late owners of the (kid Sart, &c.fluU files, circuits, precinfts, honours, caftles, manors and other be in the go-the premises, lawfully had, ufed and exercifed by themfelves, vernment of or by their officers or ministers, or which they might have ufed	°*

or exercifed within three months next before the fame fites,	y*

circuits, precincts, honours, caftles, manors and other the minifies, came to the pofleffion of the King’s highness, shall be by virtue of this aft revived, and be really and aftually in the lung’s highness, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and shall be for evej in the rule, order* furvey and governance of the said chancellor, officers and ministers of the said county palatine and duchy of tamafter: (2) ^nd that the fame liberties, franchises,. privileges and temporal jurifdiftions, and all manner of fines, iffiies, amerciaments and other profits and commodities, or what kinds or nature foever they be, coming, growing or rifinj

by reafon or pccafion of them, or any of them, shall be uftu, exercifed and executed, to all pprpqfes, intents, conditions and refpefts, and shall be claimed,' levied, collected and taken by such Rewards, bailiffs and other officers and ministers, as shall please the King’s highness to name and appoint for the fame, iq like manner, form and condition, as they Or any of them were ufed, exercifed, executed, claimed, levied^ collefted and taken before they came to the hands and pofleflio

ve

and ministers shall be compelled to accompt fore the said chancellor, officers and piinifters of the said county palatine and duchy of Lancajitr, as other officers apd accompt-ants in the court of jhe said duchy heretofore have done or owe to do.

’ XI. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the The stewards (aid stewards, bailiffs and other officers and ministers, shall be and bailiffs of attendant rod obedient to all other the King’s courts, as well for a ^ ail executions arid returns of writs, warrants and precepts, as for ^ perfonal appearances and other duties of their offices, like as King's courts the officers and ministers of the said late owners did or ought to do, or (hould have done, by reafon of their said feveral offices, before that the fame liberties, privileges and temporal jurifdic-tioris did come to the pofleffion of our said fovereign Lord; (2) and that to be done and obferyed, upon all pains and penalties by the laws of this realm limited and ordained for any offence or default in the fame: (3) And that no fheriff, under-fheriffThe fceriffor or other officer pr minifter of any fheriff or other foreign officer ^allnot incd-or minifter, shall in any wife intromit or meddle in, with or up- <uc w*,thin pnany of the premifles, otherwife or in any other manner, or thofe liberties* for any other caufe, than they or any of them might lawfully have done before the said premifles did come to the pofleffion of our said fovereign Lord,

VOL. y.	D	XII.	Pro-

 

Google

3^	Annp triccfimo secundo Heniiici VIII.' [1540#

This statute XIJ. Provided always, That this aft, npr any thing thereifi dl’ contained, shall in any wife extend to abrogate, adnul, diminifh» berries of any nor t0 ta^e away anY liberties, franchises, privileges, mrifdip-lands being 7 tions, royalties or any other profits, commodities and advan?* parcel of the tages whatfqever they be, belonging of in any wife appertain-d^hy of Lan- j^g to the King’s caftles, honours, manors, lands, tene^ ments or other his pafleflions of his said county palatine of Lan-eqjler and duchy of Lancajier, or pf either of them; (z) but that ail such liberties, franchises, privileges, jurifdiftions, royah. ties* and all other such profits, commodities and advantages wfiatfoever they be, shall be received, taken and anfwered to the Ring’s highness, his heirs and fyoceffors, by the chancellor, ofticer and ministers of the said county palatine of LamaRer* and duchy of Lancajltr, and either of them, as heretofore nath 1 been ufea and done at any time before the fourth day of February in the feven and twentieth year of his moft noble reign 5 any thing, matter or claufe in this aft contained to the contrary hereof in any wife not with (landing.

The liberties XIII. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein ofthefiveport* contained, do not extend to difannul or be hurtful to any of referved. the liberties or privileges of the cinque ports, or the members of the fame; but that they and every of them shall enjoy, pof-fefs and have all and Angular liberties, cuftoms and grants to them granted heretofore by the moft famous prince of memory

1	M. fed*. *. King Edward the Fourth, and other his noble progenitors,

c. 10.	cqnfirmed	by our fovereigo lord the King’s ipajefty that now

* Ed. 6. c. a.	jike	manner and form as though this aft had never boon

had ne made,

CAP XXI.

Trinity Term, and the abbreviation thereof.

The causes of abbreviating Trinity term. 
WHERE the term called Trinity Term of long tifne hath abbreviating * * been, and yet is, yearly ufed to beholden ana kept in such time Trinity term, and feafon of the year, that by occafton thereof not only great peril and

2	Bulftr. 35. danger of infection of the plague, and fyndry other ficknijfes have

happened to the King's loving fubjefts, as well nobles as other, but aljo hath been, and yet is, a great impediment and kt to a great multitude of the King's poor fubjefts, for provision and gathering in of harvejl, and other their neceffary bufintfs and livings in that feafon of There shall be the year moji expedient to be exereijed: (2) The King's moft royal only four days majesty having efpeqial refpeft, as well to the health as to the of return m wealth of his people, by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and and not above, temporal,- and the commons, in this prefeqt parliament aflem-51H. 3, ftat.a! hied, and by the authority of the fame, ordaineth, enaftethand eftablilheth. That in the said Trinity Term shall be four common days of return only and nqt above; that is to fay, the first day of return shall be, and be called. In Craftino Sanfta Trinitatis; (3) the fecond day of return of the fame term shall be, and be •	called, In Oftabis San ft at Trinitatis $ (4) the third day of return

of the fame term shall be, and be called, In Quxndena Sanftea Trinitatis$ (5) and the fourth day of return of*the fame term

  L.ooQle

z^fo.j Anno tricefimo secundo Henkici VIII.	35

(hall be* and be called, A die San&a Trinitatis in tres feptimanas y (6) and that the fame days of return shall be obferved and kept in all our fovereign lord the King’s high courts of record hereafter to be holden at Wejlminjler, or other place or places at the afiignment, appointment or agreement of our said fovereign lord, his heirs or fucceflorsj (7) and that from or after tne feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, there shall not’ be, nor be called, any days of return in Crajlino Sanfti Joannis Baptijl'ay Oftabis Sanfti Joannis Baptijla, norj^uindena Sanftj Joannis Baptijla, nor any of them.

It, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when Trinity die said term of the holy Trinity shall yearly for ever, from the term shall belaid feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, begin thePn>and *vcry Monday next after Trinity Sunday, whenfoever it shall happen to,^f;Uni thcrc* fall* for the keeping of the efloins, prefers, returns ana other ceremonies heretofore ufed and kept, in like manner and form as in times paft hath been ufed to be done in the day of return commonly called In Oftabis Sanfta Trinitatis ; (2) and that the foil term of the said Trinity Term shall yearly for ever begin andf take bis commencement the Friday next after Corpus Chnjli day, in fucb and like manner and form, to all purposes, intents and refpedts, as heretofore hath beer) ufed the Wednefday next after Corpus Chri/li day; (3) and that from and after tne said feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, the said fecond and third days of return, called Oftabis Sanfta Trinitatis, andjjtox-dena Sanfta Trinitatis, shall take their commencement and be-

Sin as in times paft hath been ufed; (4) and the said fourth ay, called A die Sanfta Trinitatis in tres feptimanas, shall take his commencement and begin from the fame Trinity Sunday into three weeks then next following, and shall have his return with the fourth day, as is accuftomed in other like days of return.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Day* aiven in That if after the said feaft of Saint Michael the arcnangel nextactions, coining, any writ in nny real adtion come in or be returnable into any of our (aid fovereign lord the King’s courts in Oftabis Sanfti Hillarii, then day shall be given in Crajlino Sanfta Trinitatis > (2) if in Jjpuindena Sanfti Hillarii, in Oftabis Sanfta Trinitatis ; (3) if in Crajlino purificationis Beat a Maria, in Quindena Sanfta Trinitatis ; J4) if in Oftabis purificationis Beat a Alar ia9 then a die Sanfta Trinitatis in tres feptimanas: (5) And if after the fame feaft of St. fiftchael the archangel any writ in any real adrion come into any of ouy said fovereign lord the King’s courts, returnable in Crajlino Sanfta Trinitatis, then day shall be given in Crajlino Animarum \ (6) if in Oftabis Sanfta Trim-tatis9 in Crajlino Sanfti Martini; (7) if in jj)uindena fanfta Trinitatis , in Oftabis Sanfti Martini; (8) if a die Sanfta Trinitatis jn tres feptimanas, in Sjuindena Sanfti Martini.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Days given in That if after the said feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next a wri*t of . coming, any writ of dower come into any of our fovereign lord do?5r* fte Kipg’s courts, and be returnable in uindena Pafcha, then 51 # 3*Ci lu

P ?	'	day

 

Google

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. [154^

day shall be given in Crajlino Sanfta Trinitatis; (2) if a die Pafcha in tres feptimanas, in Oftabis San ft a Trinitatis; (3) if a die Pafcha in unum menfem, in j|}uindena Sanfta Trinitatis \ (4) if a die Pqfcha in auinque feptimanas, or in Crajlino Jfcenftonis Domini, then day (ball be given unto the day of a die Sanfta Tri-r njtatis in tres Jeptimana^ (5) And if after the fame feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, any writ of dower come in-tp any of our said fovereign lord the King’s courts of record in Crajlino Sanfta Trinitatis, then day shall be given in Oftabis San ft i Mifhaelis; ($) if in Oftabis Sanfta Trinitatis, in ^uindena Sanfti Michaelis $ (7) if in Quindena Sanfta Trinitatis, a di$ Sanfti Mifhaelis in tres feptimanas; (3) if a die Sanfta Trinitatis in tres feptimanas a die Sanfti Michaelis in unum menfem;or other-wife as is appointed, limited and declared by the statute of Marlebrid{ge, in the twelfth chapter thereof, made and pro-., yided,

V.	And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all common writs and procefles, as well perfonal as mixt, which shall fortune to be returnable in the said Trinity Term, shall haye and keep the said returns of Crafii/to Sanfta Trinitatis, Qftalis Sanfta Trinitatis, 'uindena Sanfta Trinitatis, and a die Sanfta Trinitatis in tres feptimanas, or any one of them,

Where the jo- VI. Provided ajways, and it is further cnafted by the autho-tfices may af- rity abovefaid, That in such and like cafes and process, as fign (becial (pedal days have been ufed to be appointed, affigned and given for the^ fpr the returning of writs and procefles, it shall be lawful to the ° JMfti?cs pf .every of the King’s said courts of record for the ^me being, in all the procefles by them awarded, to alfign and appoint fpeci^l days of returns, as by their diferetions mall be thought convenient.

Pay* given in Vu. Provided also, and be it furtfier enafted by the autheri-affifesof D*r- ty abovefaid. That the days in aflife of Darrain Preferment, and rolTToare *n Pk? ^ tmpedit, limited and appointed by the statute of ta^di^and Marlebridge, and also the fays to be given in attaint, limited in attaint.* the statute made in the fiffh year of the noble King Edward the 5 Ed. 3. c. 7. Third, being not contrariant to the tepor of this aft, shall be fiolden firm arid ftable, and shall ftand in their full force and effeft.

CAP. XXII.

For the bifhops accounts, and others, of the tenth granted, unto the King.

By the statute TN mojt humble wife befeechingy ur mofl royal Majesty, your humble of *6 H. s. c. JL fubiefts the archbi/hops and bishops of this your realm. That where 3* * tc”th *** tn the parliament begun at London the third day of November the Sing of allnc m 4**1 ftoentietk year of your mojl gracious reign, and from thence fpiritual li- adjourned to Wcftminfter, and there holden and continued by divers yings.	prorogations unto the third day j/*November in the fix and twentieth

year of your mojl noble reign, it was enafted, by the authority of the fame parliament, among other things^ That your Mcyefy, your heirs

484

  v^ooQle

1540.] AnnO tricefimo (ecundo HfctfRlCl VIIL	3	Jr

anifuccejfors, Kings of this realm, for more augmentation and main* torn*/ of the royal ejlate of your imperial crown and dignity of fu-> preme head of the church of England, JhouId yearly have, tetke, per* ceive and enjoy, united and knit to your imperial crown for ever, one yearly rent or penfion, amounting to the value of the tenth part of all the revenues, rents, farms,	offerings,	emoluments, W $/* all

other profits, *7/ well called fpiritual as temporal, then appertaining or belonging,	that hereafter Jhould belong to any archbifhoprick,

bijboprici, abbacy, mbnajtery, priory, archdeaconry, deanry, hofpital, college, Awj/i collegiate, prebend, cathedral church, collegiate churchy conventual church, parfonage, vicarage, chauntery, free chapel, and other benefice or promotion fpiritual, of what name, nature or quality fiever they then were, wtthin any diocefe of this your realm or in Wales; (2) the find penfion or annual rent to be yearly paidfor ever to your May ejly , your heirs and fuccejfors. Kings of this realm, at the ftafi of the nativity of our Lori God, as in the Jaid aft more plainly appeareth*

II.	jfei furthermore it was enafted by the Jaid authority in the. Every tt(top

jCraw parliament, That after a certificate made into your exchequer,	Sf"

and tax fet, in such manner and form as by the said aft is limited, of^hc tenthof every archbijhop and bijhop then being, and dfter that to be, Jhould be all fpiritual charged and chargeable to levy, cotie ft and receive within their proper Hying* within iiocefe, as well in place exempt as not exempt, all such futns of money.	****&•

wherewith the dignities, benefices and other promotions fpiritual afore*

named within their dioceje, chargeable by the said aft, Jhould be fet, taxed and charged towards the payment of the said parly penfion j (2) and Jhould pay and content the said fums of money before toe first day of April to the treafetrer of your chamber for the time being, or to any other person or persons whom it Jhould pleafie your Highnefs to ap* point to receive the fame; (3) and that the treafkrer, chancellor, chamberlain and barons of your exchequer, Jhould taUfe yearly protefs to be made by their difcretions for nonpayment of the said penfion or yearly rent, as by the find aft, among other things, more at targe appear eth.

III.	And forafmueh as fince the making of the said aft, all and j *

Jmgular abbacies, priories, monafieries and other religious houfes,	*

which were then conventual, being clearly dijfolved, and come to your fQ much mi Highnefs by authority of parliament, and otherwife by your laws, ney for tenth** whereby the said parly rents andpenftons, which before that time wefta? V <j°m-of them feVerally to be paid, be now not payable or leviable \ (2) and	J£be

alfo that the said archbijhops and bijhops, upon certificate made into the due*

find exchequer, by reafon of the find aft made in the said fix and twentieth par of your reign, been charged and chargeable with the said parly rents or penftons of the tenth of divers and many persons, which were certified into your said exchequer by the commijjtoneri ajfigned to tax and cefs the said fpiritual dignities and promotions, to have perpetuities and chaunteries and other falaries, where never any fitch chauntery or perpetual falary Was founded or ordained, and many chaunteries and other perpetuities fpiritual, then being it efle, been fince that time utterly dijfolved and extin fted-, (3) and also many prebends, parfonages and vicarages, been double certified by the find commiffmers, and fomo certified fo be in plates where none such 60

D 3	ia

  LjOOQle

3*	Anno	tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. .	[154o2

in rerum natura, and fome by wrong names or otherwife mifcer-tiffed; (4) and also fome parts of the profits and emoluments, which did then belong ta Jome dignities, parfonages, vicarages, cathedral churches and collegiate churches, as in proxies, fynodals, oblations and indulgences, pardons and other profits, been now decayed and dimimfb-ed by sundry means,	many chaunteries,	other fmall promotions

fpiritual, been fince that titne decayed and extinguijbed, and no priefls thereon abiding :

26 H. 8. c. 3. IV. And also fith the making of the said alt, made in the fhidfix and twentieth year, there have been affurances made to your Mdftfiy by fome of the Jaid archbijbops and bijbops, of parcels of theirpcfjefjions charged with the said rent or penfton, and parcel of the said pcjfeffiorts charged with the payment of the Jaid yearly rent or penfion been come to your hands by other lawful means; ^ (2) by reafon whereof, and of many other caufes, doubts and ambiguities, which do daily rife concerning the premises, the said collectors cannot levy the said yearly rents or penfions concerning many promotions or profits fpiritual, certified in your said exchequer by the find commiffioners; (3) and yet that not-withstanding the said archbijbops and bijbops, for lack of fufficient Warrant and authority to the barons of your said exchequer for their difcharge in that behalf, been greatly prolonged and letted in yielding of their accompts in your said exchequer of the said annual rent or penfion, and put to great cojl, and charges, to their great inquietnefs, charges, lojfes and troubles, where they have nothing allowed them, or to any of their officers, for the collelting, levying, gathering or paying of the said annual rents or penfions to the tife of yourHighnefs:

If sbifbopor	V. It may therefore please your Highnefs, with the aflent of

any ofhi« de- the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre-puties will fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame* take his oath, that it be enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the said levy the^enth archbidiops and bilhops, or any of them, their deputies or of any promo- other accomptants, or any of them, that now be or hereafter tion, he shall shall be chargeable with the collection of the laid annual rent th	or Pcn^on» or any part or portion thereof, (hew and alledge,

ereo*# by the oath of,any of the said archbilhops, bilhops or other accomptants, or any other person or persons authorifed to ac-compt for any ot them, before the treafurer, chancellor and barons of your exchequer, or before the more part of them, or before fuen other persons as it shall please the King’s highness to appoint to hear the fame accompt, that they or any of them for any of the caufes abovefaid, or for any other fufficient caufe or matter by any of them to be alledged, cannot or may notin any wife lawfully levy such particular fum or fums of money of the said annual rent or penfion, as they or any of them now be, or hereafter shall be chargeable and charged with, and no matter apparent there (hewed to the contrary for your Highnefs by any or your ferjeants at the law, or by your attorney general for the time being, or by any other for your Majesty; that then your said treafurer, chancellor and barons, or the more part of them, or such other persons as shall be appointed by the King** highness, shall by virtue and authority of this ahave lull

$	power

 

S,}	Anno trkefima secundo Henrici VIII.	£$

aqd authority by their difcretions, to accept and allow llegation, and thereupon thereof to difcharge the ae-artt, (2) or elfe by their difcretions to dire# the King's nto any of the King’s courts, for to certify unto them the thereof* (3) and thereupon the said treasurer, chancellor irons, or the more part of them, or such persons as shall reunto appointed by the King’s highness, further to hear and examine the fame matter and caufe, by witnefs and depo-fitioos of such as can inform the court, or the said other persons as lhall be thereunto appointed by the King’s highness, of the truth thereof, or by any other ways and means that they can best devife; (4) and if need require, to award commiffions by their difcretions to certain indifferent persons in every such diocefe, where any such matter or caufe shall be alledged, without any charge asking or taking for the making of the fame com-millions fo to be awarded, (5) which said commiflioners shall and may, by virtue of their commiffions, have full power and authority to examine the fame matter and caufe fo alledged by any oftne said bifhops, or other accomptants for them, and in their difcharge, by the oaths of such persons as shall have per-feft notice thereof, or otherwife, and thereupon to make certificate thereof to the said treafurer, chancellor and barons, or to the more part of them in the said exchequer* or to such other persons as thereunto shall be appointed by the King’s highness.

VI.	And upon certificate fo made of tne said matter, or if by CommiUtoiw any other matter or certificate it shall appear to the said treafurer, may b« a* chancellor and barons, or to the more part of them, or to such w^e^o cn? other persons as thereunto lhall be appointed by the King’s caufe of any highness, that the said matter, and the allegations thereof be tentk defalk** good and true; then the said treafurer, chancellor and barons, cd# or the more part of them, or the said such other persons as thereunto shall be appointed by the King’s highness, thereupon to make a clear and fufficient deduction, allowance, determination and difcharge to any of the said archbifhops, bifhops, and other accomptants, and to every of them, of and for the fame, without further fuit or delay, (2) and the fame allowance and difcharge to caufe to be entered in that court, there to remain of tecord as by their difcretions shall be thought requifite from time to time, without further fuit, charge, or other inquieting of any of the said archbilhops, bifhops, or other accomptants, or any of diem, or any of the fucceffors or executors of any of them in that behalf.	f

VII.	And that it may be further ena#ed by the authority ^ aforesaid, That in cafe it be hereafter certified by commiffion, bea^fwfred or otherwife by fufficient and probable witneffes had and found, of the, tenth of before the faia treafurer, chancellor and barons, or before the any fpirituai mote part of them, or befote such other persons as thereunto living being lhall be appointed by the King’s highness, that any benefice, cer-chantery, hofpital, or other ecclefiaftical promotion, is omitted, tfheate, * and not fpecified, or not certified by or in the said original, or former certificate j that then upon due proof, information,

D 4	knowledge.

  v^ooQle



Repeated by a & 3 Ph. & M. c. 4. and revived by 1 EL c. 4*

Anno tricefimo secundo Hskrici VIII. [ 1540^

knowledge, or certificate thereof by any of the said archbifhop^ or bifhops, or otherwife, made or declared before the fiud treafurer, chancellor or barons, or before the more port of thenv or before such other person or persons as thereunta fhallbe appointed by the King’s highness, of any fum or Aims of money,* concerning the premifles fo omitted, and not charged for lack of knowledge or certificate thereof, whereof the lung of right ought to be anfwered ; the said treafurer, chancellor and barons, or the more part of them, or such pther persons as thereunto shall be appointed by the King’s highness, shall make * fufficient entry thereof, to be annexed to and with the said Original of the fame tenth, and thereupon to charge the said accomptants to make, levy and anfwer thereof yearly from henceforth, fo that the King’s highness may be truly anfwered thereof from time to time* according to his lawful title in that behalf.

CAP. XXIII.

A confirmation of a fubfidy to be paid within two years, o^ four shillings in the pound granted to the King by tne clergy of the province of Canterbury, and of such (urns of money which after shall be granted to him by the clergy of the province of 2fork.

CAP. XXIV.

An dtt concerning the polfeffions of St. John of Jerulalcm in England and Ireland.

Thetendsaad ^T^HE lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this pre-good* of St. JL font parliament ajjembledy having credible knowledge that di-John^teraj vers and sundry the Kings futjeflSy called knights of the Rhodes, in^he Kin^l rtberwife called knights of St. John’s, otherwife called friars of the difpofition. religion of St. John of Jerufalem in England, and of a like houfe being in Ireland, abiding in the parts of beyond the feay and having as Well out of this realmy as out of Ireland, and other the King's dominions, yearly great fums of money for maintenance of their livings, have unnaturally and contrary to the duty of their aUegiances% juf-tained and maintained the ufurped power and authority of the bifhop of Rome* lately ufed and praftifed within this realm9 and other the Th# cau fo King's dominions 5 (2) and have not only adhered thmfehes to the said whythehoufes bi/hop, being common enemy to the King our fovereign lordy and to this •f St. lohn of fa	untruly upholdingf knowledging, and affirming malicioujffyy

werediiTolved, emd traiteroufly thefame bijhop to be fupreme, and chief head of Chrtfl't and their * church by God's noly word» intending thereby to fubvert and over-lands given to throw the good and godly laws and (latutes of this realm, their na-tbe King. tural country, made and grounded by authority of holy churchy by the tionof reli^" mof excellent wifdom, policy, and goodnefs of the Kings mqjeflyy gion of St. with the whole ajfent and eonfent of the realm, for the abolijbingy John’s in expulfmg, and utter extinfting 0/ the said ufurped power and au~ ' ferity, (3) but also have defamed and Jbndered as well the King's be diSolved. iMJfftlh 05 noblemen, prelateSy and other the Kings true and The priors* loving fubjetls of this realm> for their good and godly proceeding in and confreres	that

  Google

1540*] Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.	4*

that behalf j (4) have therefore deeply pondered and confidered, that of St. John Eke as it is and was a moft godly aft of the King's mofi royal majesty, ^thcLowu emd the said noblemeny prelates and commons of this realm, utterly to n»mC8 an<i expulfe and abolijh, not only from this realm, but also from other the fornames, Kings dominions, the said ufurped power and authority of the bifbop without any of Koine, and also the hypocritical and fvperjtitious religion in ^ci^reli'on this realm, and in other the Kings dominions, being his members xhc^penS^0* and adherents, having their original ereftion and foundation by the for the said feud ufurped authority ; (5) by expulfing whereof Gods holy word, prior* and neujfary for increafe of virtue, and fahation of chriftian fouls, is not only purely and fmerely advanced, and fet forth, out affo the ofthdr reliS* extort exactions and innumerable fums of money craftily exbaufted gion, or to out of this realm, and of other the Kings dominions, by the colour make any of tie fold ufurped authority, is removed and taken away, to the in- ^mblie* eftimable benefit and commodity of the Kings loving fubjefls; fo like fame/or to* manner of wife, it Jbould be mofi dangerous to be fujfered or per- defend any mtted within this realm, or in any other the Kings dominions, any privilege* religion, being fparks, leaves and imps of the said root of iniquity 5 f6) conflicting also that the ijle of Rhodes, whereby the said f*-^ekuig 5* tigion took their old name and foundation, is furprifed by the Turk 5 shall have hit and that it were and is much better, that the pojjeffions in this realm, manors, land% and in other the Kings dominions, appertaining to the said religion, *c* ktely be-Jbrnld rather be imployed and fpent within this realm, and in other J^^and°bre* the Kings dominions, for the defence and furety of the fame, than {hren of St. convertei to and among fiuh unnatural fubje£tsy who have declined John in Eng* not only from f heir natural duty of obedieme that they ought to bear Jan^ and Ire* unto the King their fovereign lord, but also from the good laws and	0f

fiatutes of this realm, their natural country, daily doing, and the right of attempting privily and craftily all that they can, to fubvert the other*. good and godly policy, in the which, thanks be to God, and to our Sir William mofi dread fovereign lord, this realm and other the Kings dominions of stjo^i*017 nowjandtn, &c.	(hall have

M. !i. penfion during hi* life. John Raufon D. marks. Cement Weft CC. li. Thomas Pemberton Ixxx. li. Giles Ruflel C. li. George Aylmer C. li. John Sutton CC. li* Edward Bellingham C. li Edward Brown L. li. Eamund Hu fife C. mark*. Ambrose Cave C. marks. Tho. .Copledike L. li. Cutbbert Leighton lx. li. Richard Broke C. marks. Henry Poole CC. marks. William Tyrril xxx. li. John Raufon CC. marks. Confreres profited having no certain living, x. li. a-piece. Profefled persons omitted in this ftatute. Only truly fubit&s shall have penfions. The fob-prior, raafter of the Temple and two chaplains shall retain their houfes and wages. The forefaid parties shall have the King's letters patents of the things before granted. The confreres and brethren difchargea of their obedience to their pnors, and may foe and be foed by their proper names. 31 H. S. c. 6. All land of St. John shall be in the government of tho court of augmentations. Altered by 1 Mar. c. 10. The confreres which be out of tho realm shall return and fobmit themfelves to the obedience of the law.

CAP. XXV.

The marriage folemnized between the King and the lady Anne of Cleves, by the judgment of the clergy of England, in their convocation, is adjudged and pronounced to be void, and alio by her own content j and that the King (hail be at liberty to marry any other woman, and fhe any other man. It {hall fee high trcalon, by word or deed, to accept, take, judge, or

believe

  (^.ooQle

4*	Anno	tricefirtiO	fecundo	HfiNRici	VIII.	£1540,

believe the said marriage to be good, or to procure or do an j thing to the repeal of this aft.

CAP. XXVI,

All decrees and ordinances, which according to God’s Word, and Chrift’s gofpel, by the King’s advice and confirmation by his letters patents, shall be made and ordained by the archbilhops, biihops and doftors appointed, or to be appointed, in and upon the matter ot chriftian religion and chriftiart faith, and the lawful rites, ceremonies and obfer-A	vations	of the fame, shall be in every point thereof believed,

obeyed and performed to all irftents and purposes, upon the pains therein comprifed. Provided, that nothing fliali be or-Rep. t Ed. S. dained or defined, which shall be repugnant to the laws and c«	(latutcs	of this realm.

CAP. XXVII.

A refumption of extraordinary grants and licences made by the King to certain persons, of abfence, and revCrfions in the town of Calais, and the marches of the fame, and in Berwick9 and of the (heriffwicks for life in Wales,

CAP. XXVIII.

Lejfees to enjoy the farm againft the tenants in taiL

Leafesmade TTT’HERE great number of the King'sfubjefts have beretefert by tenants in W taken leafes of lands, tenements and other hereditaments, far iathe right term °f ^ divers of them for term of lives, and have given of their wives **4 poid great fines and great Jims for the fame, and also have been or churches, at gteat cofis and charges, as well in and about great reparations and which be	holdings upon their laid forms, as otherwife concerning their find

good, which	.	(2;	yet notwithstanding the faidfermors, after the deaths or

s Roil 169, refignations of their lejfors, have been and be daily with great cruelty 33a, 4.03,407. expulfid and put out of their said fertns and takings, by the heirs or Savil 85. fuccejfors of their said lejfors, or byfiuch persons as have interefi there-Hatton *4- in after the deaths or refignations of their said lejfors, by reafon of privy gifts of intail, or for that the lejfors had nothing in the lands, tenements or other hereditaments fo letten, at the time cf the leafes thereof made, but only in the right of their wives, or fueh other like caufe, to the great impoverijhment, and in manner utter undoing of iLeon.59,148. the said fermors: (3) For reformation whereof, be it ordainea, t Leon. 156. eftablifhed and enafted by the King our fovereign lord, the Leafes made jor(js fpintual and temporal, and the commons, in this present tail^orbyhim parliament afletnbled, and by authority of the feme. That all ! whifch is leifed leafes hereafter to be made of any manors, lands, tenements, in the right of or other hereditaments by writing indented under feal for term h« wi*€»°r of years, or for term of life, by any person or persons being 6f 1 Lev in full age of twenty one years, naving any eftate of inheritance Cro. 3ac!*i7!• cither in fee-fimple or in Fee-tail, in their own right, or in theright SCo. 34. of their churches or wives, or jointly with their wives, of any 10 Co 60. eftate of inheritance made before the coverture or after, fljafi' Bro. Accept. |^e g00(j efFe<5kUaI in the law againft the leflbrs, their wives, p'9’	heirs

; s£g0.} Anno tricefimo secundo Hbnrici VIII.	4$

Idh and fucceflors, and every of them, according to fitch Dyer 51,363. «A»e as is comprifed and fpeciiied in every such indenture of H°'hLlt'+4* lade, in like manner and form as the fame (hould have been,tlob' ao*’

2*the leflors thereof, and every of them, at the time of the making of such leafes, had been lawfully feifed of the fame lands, tenements and hereditaments compiled in such indenture, of a good, perfect and pure eftate of fec-fimple thereof to their own only ufes.

II. Provided always, That this a&, or any thing contained, 34 H. s. c. i*.‘ {hall not extend to any leafes to be made of any manors, lands, Cro.EI.5,350. tenements or hereditaments, being iti the hands of any fermor SpwaloWW*' or fermors by virtue of any old leafe, unlefs the fame old leafe J^fatobe be expired, lurrendred or ended within one year next after the made by te-making of the said new leafe ; (2) nor shall extend to any grant naut in tail, to be made of any reverfion of any manors, lands, tenements °™f *he . or hereditaments, (j) nor to any leafe of any manors* lands, tenements or hereditaments which have not moft commonly , Sid. *416.’ been letten to form, or occupied by the fermors thereof, by Dyer 115,146, the fpace of twenty years next before such leafe thereof made;	*79*

(4)	nor to any leafe to be made without impeachment of wafte, 5Co* *’ 5*

(5)	nor to any leafe to be made above the number of twenty- * RoD. 401.

one years, or three lives, at the molt from the day of making 5 Co. 6. thereof; (6) and that upon every such leafe there be referred Cn>.-El* yearly during the fame leafe, due and Dayable to the leflors, ^ch icV.44" their heirs and fucceflors, to whom the fame lands should have Bridgm. 19, come after the deaths of the leflors, if no such leafe had been zov/t thereof made, and to whom the reverfion thereof shall apper-	'	J

tain, according to their eftates and interefts, fo much yearly

form orient, or more, as hath been moft accuftomably yidden

or paid for the manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments

fo to be letten within twenty years next before such leafe thereof

made; (7) and that every such person and persons, to whom M	.

die reverfion of such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments	759‘

fo to be letten (hail appertain, as is aforesaid, after the deaths Hob. 314.

of such leflors or their heirs, shall and may have such like

remedy and advantage, to all intents and purposes, againft the

kfiees thereof, their executors and afligns, as the fame leflbr

fhould or might have had againft the fame leflees. (8) So that'

if the leflbr were feifed of any fpecial eftate-tail of the fame

hereditaments at the time of such leafe, that «the ifliie or heir

of that fpecial eftate shall have the reverfion rents and fervices

referred upon such leafe after the death of the said leflbr, as

the leflbr himfelf might or ought to have had if he had lived.

HI. Provided alway. That the wife be made party to every Leafes made fiich leafe which hereafter shall be made by her hufband of any by husband manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, being the inherit--wife of the ance of the wife; (2) and that every such leafe be made by in-	#	*

denture in the name of the hufband and his wife, and me to ]oncf 5^, * fealto the fame; (3) and that the ferm and rent be referred Hutt. *5. to the hufband and to the wife, and to the heirs of the wife, * Roll. 195. according to her eftate of inheritance in the fame; (4) mdLatch4c.

that	-

  Google

sc H. S.c-13. Leafes of firms.

Leafes of par-linages or vi^ canoes.

A confirmation of leafes made before the statute by certain per-hoi, and upon certain

TheJnssbemTs

only adf of the wife's land shall not prejudice her or her heirs.

Anno tricdimo secundo Henrici VUL [154.^

that the hufoand shall not in any wife aliene, di&barge, grant or give away the fame rent referved, nor any part thereof, longer than during the Overture, without it be by fine levied by the said hufband and wife ; (5) but that the fame rent Qiall remain, defcend, revert or come after the death of fuc^ hufband, unto such person or persons and their heirs, in fucb manner and fort as the lands fo leafed (hould have done, if no such leafe had been thereof madd.

IV.	Provided also, That this aft extend not to give aftjf liberty or power to any person or persons to take any mo farms* leafes or takings of any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, than he or they (hould or might lawfully have done before the making of this aft* (2) nor extend to give any liberty or power to any parfon or vicar of any church or vicarage, for to make any leafe or grant of any of their mef-fuages, lands, tenements, tythes, profits or hereditaments belonging to their churches or vicarages, otherwife or m any other manner than they (hould or might have done before the making of this aft •, any thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding*

V.	And furthermore be it enafted by authority afbre&idy That all leafes at any time within the fpace of three years next before the twelfth day of April in the thirty-firft year of our Sovereign lord the King’s reign, made by writing indented under leal, by any person or persons of full age, of whole memory, not unlawfully coarfted, nor being, covert barony for term of years, of any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, whereof the lefTor or leffors were feifed of any eftate of inheritance of and in the fame, to their own only ufe, at the time of making any such leafe thereof, and whereof the lefiees, their executors or affigna, be now in pofleflloi* by virtue of the fame leafe, and no eaufe of re-entry or for-: fciture thereof had or made, shall be good and eneftual in the law againft the leffors, their heirs and focceflbrs, and- the heirs and focceffors of every of them, according to the cove-* nants, articles and agreements fpecified in every such indenture or leafe: (2) So always there be referved and yearly payable during the fame leafe to the said leflors, their heirs or (ucceflors* or to such other as (hould or ought to have had the fame manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments fo leafed after the deceafe of such leffors, in cafe no such leafe had thereof been made, as much yearly rent for the fame, as was at any time therefore yielden or paid within twenty years next before the making ot any such leafe, or elfe such leafes to be of no other force ne effeft than they were before the making of this present aft.

VI.	And moreover for certain confederation be it enafted by authority aforesaid. That no fine, feoffment or other aft of afts hereafter to be made, fuffered or done by the hufband only, of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, being the inheritance or freehold of his wife, during the coverture between

 

1540*1 Anno triccfimo fccundo Henrici VIII.	45

tween them, lhaD in any wife be or make any difcontinuance Explained by thereof or be prejudicial or hurtful to the said wife or to 34 “ M “* ** her heirs, or to such as shall have right, title or intereft to j'ej) c> the fane by the death of such wife or wives; (2) but that the i)Ed.i.*ftat.i. feme wife and her heirs, and such other to whom such right e. 3. & 40.

Hull appertain after her deceafe, shall and may then lawfully ^°°r s®* P1* enter into all such manors, lands, tenements and heredita- Moor S7*. pL ments according to their rights and titles therein; any such 1*15. fine, feoffment or other ad to the contrary notwithstanding ; * Inft. 68i. fines levied by the hufband and wife (whereunto the said wife 5°b* •M»**1*

« party and privy) only except.	X Co’&

3*6. a Roll. 4««» 49>» 4»* ,

VIL Provided furthermore, That this daufe or ad extend Leafe* made not to give any liberty to any such wife, or to her heirs, for to tb< jyjj avoid any leafc hereafter to be made of any the inheritance of the wife by her hufband and her for term of one and twenty heritance of * years, or under, or any her inheritance for term of three lives the wife, at the uttermoft, whereupon as much yearly rent or more is or g°ld-J0U ftiall be referved, and yearly payable during the fame leafc, as p.119' was at any time therefore yielaen or paid within twenty years next before the making of any such leafe, according to the tenor of this present ad; any tiling therein contained to the con-traiynotwhhflanding.

yffl. Provided alio, That this ad extend not to make good Leafe* made any leafe or leafe heretofore made by any ecclefiaftical person by “tlefialti. or personsby their covent or common feat, which be made void	**"

or taken away by authority of any ad of parliament heretofore treafon. made; (2) nor extend to make good any leafe or leafes heretofore a Roll. 507. made by any ecclefiaftical person or persons now -being attainted of treafon, under their covent feal, or otherwife; (3) or by any other person or persons now being attainted of treafon by ad of parliament, or otherwife; (4) but that all and fingular such leafe and leafes, and every of them, now made, or hereafter to be made, shall be of such like effed and ftrength in the law, and none other, as they and every of them were before the making of this ad; any thing before mentioned in this ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

AH lands lying in Ofwelbeck Soke, in the county of ,

Dull be inheritable according to the common law, and not

partable between heirs males, as they have been.	^_j r ..

CAP. XXX.

Mifpleadings, Jeofail;	p

FORASMUCH as the party plaintiff! and demandants in all man- n,j, _____________

ner of aflions and fuitsy as well real as	at	the	common	tendeth to all

law of this realm, before this time have been greatly delayed and bin- writ* of man-itred in	their fuits and demands, by reafon of the crafty,	and L*nMJ?!^c*

Bcgligent	tloadings of the plaintiffs or demandants, defendants or tt- cya’ f *

M*ts, where any attion or demand hath been fued, bad or made, as ikoli. s6,aoo, wjl in minifring of their declarations and	, as also in their repti- 303, 374.

cations, * Rotl- ,s,»

  Google

4$	JVnno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.	[ 1540^

168,187, 368 ^cations, rejoinders, rebutterj, joining of iffueSy and other pleadings^ rfCrd 3c68 t0 f^e &reat ^urry> an* hindrance of the said plaintiffs or deman-The feveral fonts y or to the vexation of the defendants or tenants j (2) inf much inconvenien- that when the iffiies joined in the fame aSlions between the parties ta> ces which the fame hath been tried and found by the verdift of twelve or mo in-different perfansyfor the said plaintiffs or demandant s, or for the //-hydeUy^Tn nants or defendants, and the jujlices ready to give judgment for the Sits. • said parties for whom the fame iffue was founds the fame parties Moor 174. have been compelled by the courfe and order of the common law of this realm afore this time9 to replead, and the said verditts fo giveny as ^-867^1198. ^ afore nhearfed, to be taken as void and of none effett; fame time Tcro. 78. becaufe the iffues have been misjoined, and jeofail, and fametime by

W.	Jones 1*0. taking advantages of the parties own mifpleading. or in the purfuingr 33 H. 8. c.17. mifeontinuing or if continuing ofprocefs of any of the parties, and for divers other caufts,' the which is thought as well a great fancier to the said common law of this realm, and to the minifaers of the fame, as also a plain delay and hindrance unto the said parties, in that they Jbould not have their judgments when the iffue hath been found and fried as is aforesaid, to their great cofts and charges: (3) be it therefore enabled by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from hence-After in iflue forth if any iflue be tried by tne oath of twelve or more indif* tried, there ferent men, for the party plaintiff or demandant, or for the par-H14II h* i«dg- cf tenant or defendant, in any manner of adtion or fuit S^withitand- at the common law of this realm, in any of the King’s courts ing any jeofail of record, that then the juftice or justices by whom judgment or misplead-f thereof ought to be given, shall proceed and give judgment in the fame; (4) any mifpleading, lack of colour, inefficient pleading or jeofail, £5) or any milcontinuance or difcontinuance, or mifeonveying of procefs, (6) misjoining of the iffue, lack of war-i&dk!i <7^178. rant attorney f°r *he party againft whom the fame iflue shall a Leon.7175, happen to be tried, (7) or any other default or negligence of any *38.	of the parties, their counfellors or attorneys, had or made to

* n*??**95# contrary notwithstanding; (8) and the laid judgments there-% Bulftr 66 ft> to be had and given, shall Hand in full ftrength and force 3 Bulftr. 180, to all intents and purposes, according to the said verdidt, with-301.	out any reverfal or undoing of the fame by writ of error, or of

Godbolt 107. falfe judgment, in like form as though no such default or negli-Hob 6 gence had never been had or committed.

5 Co. 36, 37, 43» 49- xi Co. 7. Bro. Repleader 40. Dyer, 184, 353, 367. Cro. El, 131, *33, >53> *17’ *57* 3o8*339» 535-

II. Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority afore-torney fhall*" in avoiding of errors and other great inconveniences that enter bis war- daily do fortune to arise and grow in the King’s courts of record ryfff in court, at Weftminjler, through the negligence of attorneys, becaufe they Co. pU.f.167. deliver not their warrants of attorney in such adtions and fuits^ wherein they be named attorney, according to the laws of this realm, (2) that all and every such person and persons, which fliall fortune hereafter to be attorney to or for any other person '*	or	perfons,	being	demandant or plaintiff, tenant or defendant in

  t^c ne

x540-1	Anno tricelimo fccundo Heneici VIII.	47

any *&ipn or fait at any time hereafter commenced or taken in anj of the King’s said courts, and plead to an iflue in the fame aftioB or fuit, that then the fame attorneys, and every of them, fawn time to time shall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, his or their (Efficient and lawful warrant of attorney, to be entred of record, for wry of the said a&ions or fuits wherein they be named attorneys, to the officer or his deputy, ordained for the receipt and entring thereof, in the fame term when the said iflue is entred of record in the said court, or afore, ^3) upon pain of forfeiting unto our said fovereign lord x. L fterlmg far every default far not delivering of the said warrant of attorney,

HI, And also further to fuffer fach imprifonment, as by the Continued by difcjrftion of the jufticcs of the court for the time being, where 33Hen.t.c.i7. any such default shall fortune to be had or made, (haU be thought j^eperpo?* convenient. (2) This present a<ft, with the provifo, to endure tuaiby*&3 till the last day pf the next parliament.	Ed. 6. c. 3a.

18 El. c. 14.

CAP. XXXI.	njac.f. Wj,

A recovery pf land had by affent of the parties againft tenant Rgp# f4i|. for term of life, shall be void, unlefs it be by good title, or c. 8.* glfant of him in the reverfion or remainder.

CAP. XXXII.

Joint tenants for term of life or years.

FORASMUCH as in the parliament begun at Weftminfter the 31 H. 8. c. 1. * twenty-eighth day of April, and there continued till the twenty- Joint tenants^ eighth day of June, the thirty -ftrjl year of the King's moft noble rommon and victorious reign that now is, it was amongjl other things there for bveg or enacted and eftablijbed, That aU joint tenants and tenants in com• years, shall men, that then were, or hereafter Jbovld be of any ejlate or ejlates of make parti-inheritemce, in their own rights, or in the right of their wives, oftlOTi% any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within this realm of .

England, Wales, or marches of the fame, Jball and may be coaCled and compelled by virtue of the said aft, to male partition between them of oil fiuh manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments as they then held, or hereafter Jbould hold as joint tenants or tenants in common, as more ot large appeareth by the said ftatute: (2) and forafmuch as the » said statute doth not extend to joint tenants and tenants in common for term of life or years, neither to joint tenants or tenants in common, where me or fome of them have but a particular ejlate for term of	'	*

Bfc or years, and the other have ejlate or ejlates of inheritance of and in any manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments: (2) be it there- % Bulftr. 114-fore cna&ed by the King our fovereign lord, and by the aflent 1 Leon 16*. of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this Joint tenants present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That all joint tenants and tenants m common, and every of pellaWe to \

them, which now hold, or hereafter shall hold, jointly or in make parti-

common for term of life, year or years, or joint tenants or te- non.

nants in common, where one or fome of them have or (hall

have eftate or eftates for term of life or years, with the other that

^ave or shall have eftate or eftates of inheritance or freehold in Bro. partitio*

any 38,41.

*

  CjOOQle

4$	Anno	triccfimo	fccundo	Henrici	VIII.	[154CU-

C0.Lit.175. a. any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall and may a- be compellable from henceforth, by writ of partition to be pur-7 fued out of the King’s court of chancery, upon his or their cafe or cafes, to make feverance and partition or all filch manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments which they hold jointly or in common for term of fife or lives, year or years, where one or fome of them hold jointly or in common for term of life or years with other, or that have an eftate or eftates of inheritance of freehold.

Partition to be	IL Provided alway, and be it enafted, That no such parti-

^e but bar- t*on or ^cvcrancc hereafter to be made by force of this a<ft, bo,

none par- nQr ^aj] prejudicial or hurtful to any person or persons,

Coiot^xa.b. their heirs or fucceffors, other than such which be parties untq the said partition, their executors or afligns,

15 Co. 6. s Browrnl. i ji

^The diffeifor dying feifed, taketh away no title of entry from the difleifee or his heir.

Except there was nve years pofleffion in the difTeifor before his death,

Dyer, 119.

Co. Lit. »j8,

Hob. 143.

4 Aim. c. t6»

CAP. XXX1IJ.

An aft that wrongful diffeifin is no defeent in law.

WHERE divers per fins of their infatidblt minds hgve heretofore by Jlrengtby and without title, entered into manor s, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, and wrongfully dijfetfed the rightful owners and pojfejfors thereof, and fo being feifid by dijfeijin, have thereof died feifed, by reafon of which dying feifed, the dijfiifie, or such other perfins as before such defeent might have lawfully entered into the said manors, lands and tenements, were and be thereby cLearh excluded of their entry into the said manors, lands and tenements, and put to their a ft ion for their remedy and recovery therein, to their great cojis and charges; (2) for reformation whereof, he it  enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the dying feifed hereafter of any such difleifor, of or in any manors, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments, having no right or title therein, shall not be taken or deemed from henceforth any such defeent in the law, for to toll or take away the entry of any such person or persons, or their heirs, which at the time of the fame defeent had good and lawful title of entry into the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, except that such difieifon hath had the peaceable pofleffion of such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments whereof he shall fo die feifed, by the fpace of five years next after the difleifin therein by him committed, without entry or continual claim by or of such person or persons as have lawful title thereunto.

CAP. XXXIV,

Concerning grantees of reverfions to take advantage of the conditions to be performed by the lejfees.

t RolT.Si, 359* TX7HERE before this time divers, as well temporal as eccMafl}* s Roll. 170. VV cal and religious persons, have made sundry leafes, demtfes CWb^a 6 *%\ an^ %rants t0 divers other perfins, of sundry manors, lordjhips, fermsy *»7, *76, plf msafes, lands, tenements, meadows, pajlures, or other hereditaments, 391!	’ ' for tew °f lift or lives, or for term of years, by writing under their

Vaugh. 39. feal or fials, containing certain conditions, covenants and agreements triles 3*6.	tg ty performed, as well on the fart and behalf of the said kjfees and

gran%

  Google

*546-3 Anno triccfimo secundo HenricI VIII.

49

grantees, their executors and affigns, as on the behalf of the faidlejfors * Mod. 192. j and grantors, their heirs andfuccejfors (2) and forafmuch as by the *gsbow* common law of this realm,, no Jlranger to any covenant, allion or con- * sa’lk. 185. ditwn, /hall take any advantage or benefit of the fame, by any tneans 1 Vent. 10. or ways in the law, but only such as be parties or privies thereunto, 1 Sid.401,40a. by the reafon whereof as well all grantees of rever[tons, as also dll M^r f grantees and patentees of the King our fovereign lord, of sundry ma- 93’ P' norsy lordjbips, granges, ferms, meafes, lands, tenements, meadows,	pi. 237..

paftureSy or other hereditaments late belonging to monafieries, and other —159- P1* 3°°-riligious and ecckfiaftical houfes dijfohed, Juppre/fed, renounced, r*-‘"'*4Vg{‘3g°’ tinqtdjbed, forfeited, given up, or by other means come to the hands £1*694* and poffe/Jion of the King's majesty fince the fourth day of February —527. pl.69^ the fiven and twentieth year of his rnojt noble reign, be excluded to have any entry or allion againfi the said lejfees and grantees, their executors or affigns, which the l/Jfors before that time might by the law have bad againfi the fame lejfees for the breach of any condition, cove-* nant or agreement comprifed in the indentures of their said leafes, de± mifes and grants: (3) be it therefore enabled by the King our fo-t veign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons* in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That as well all and every person and persons, and bodies politick, their heirs, fucceflors and affigns, which havd or shall have any gift or grant of our said fovereign lord by hii letters patents of any lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements, rents, parfonages, tithes, portions, or any other hereditaments, Or or any Teverfion or reverfions of the fame, which did belong or appertain to any of the said monafteries, and other religious and ecckfiaftical noufes, diflolved, fupprefled, relinquiftied, forfeited; or by any other means come to the King’s hands fince the said fourth day of February the feven and twentieth year of his moft noble reign, or which at any time heretofore did belong or srp-» pertain to any other person or persons, and after came to the hands of our said fovereign lord, (4.) as also all other persons Grantees of' being grantees or affignees to or by our said fovereigri ford the reverfions ma/

King, or to or by any other person or persons than the King’s take afva“\. highness, and the heirs, executors, fucceffofs and affigns of

every of them, (5) shall and may have and enjoy like advanta- venants a-ges againfi the leflees, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, by entry for non-payment of the rent, or for doing of wafte or

other forfeiture; (6) and also shall and may have and enjoy all Moor8?6S pi and every such like, and the fame advantage, benefit and reme- J21$.	*	^

dies by adlion only, for not performing of other conditions, co- Goldfb. 175. venants or agreements contained and expreflerd in the indentures Pj- l°9-of their said leafes, demifes or grants, againfi all and every the said leflees and farmers and grantees, their executors, admini- \Q9l ftrators arid affigns, as the said leflors or grantors themfelves, or 3 €0. 62. their heirs or fucceflbrs, ought, ftiould, or might have had and ^Ca-112

enjoyed at any time or times, (7) in like manner' and form as

if the reverfiort of such lands, tenements or hereditaments had cro^El. Iw*

not come to the handsof ouf said fovereign lord, or as our said 263 fovereign lord, his heirs and Jucceflbrs, fhoufld Or mrght have	/Jo

Vol. V.	E	had	r/t.+A. /

  '

Jc* 4i

5°

Cro. Jac. 305. Cro. Car. 14, 44* *37-

Lcflees may have the like remedy a-gainft the grantee* of the reverfions which they might have had againft their grantors.

Dyer, 157. 3 Co. 63.

5 Co. 16.

Co. Lit. si 5.

Every juftice of the King's forefts, chafes and parks, may make as many deputies as he will,

Anno trictfinpp fecnndo Hsnrici VIII. [ 1540. j

had and enjoyed in certain cafes, by virtue of the a St made gt j the first feffion of this present parliament, if no such graat fay I letters patents had been made by his Highncfeu

II.	Moreover be it  enacted by authority aforesaid, That all farmers, leflees and grantees of lordftiips, manors, lamb, tenements, rents, parlbnages, tithes, portions, or any other hereditaments for term of years, life or lives, their executors, ad-miniftrators and affigns, shall and may have like adtion, advantage and remedy againft all and every person and perfens and bodies politick, their heirs, fucceflors and affigns, which have or shall have any gift or grant of the King our (bvereign lord, or of any other person or persons, of the reverfion of the fame manors, lands, tenements, and! other hereditaments (b letters, or any parcel thereof, for any condition, covenant or agreement contained or exprefled in the indentures of their leafe and leafes, as the fame leflees, or any of them might and Ihould have had againft the feid leflors and grantors, their heirs and fucceflors j (2) all benefits and advantages of recoveries in value by reafon 01 any warranty in deed or in law by voucher or other-wife only excepted.

III.	Provided always. That this aft, nor any thing or things

therein contained, shall extend to hinder or charge any period or persons for the breach of any covenant or condition compri-fed in any such writing, as is aferefaid, but for such covenants and conditions as shall be broken or not performed, after the first day of September next coming, and not before; any thing before in this gft contained to the contrary thereof notwitb-(landing.	j

CAP. XXXV.

The justices of forefts to make deputies.

FORASMUCH as it is much doubted whether the King's justices of his for eftsy parks and chafes within this realmy may layttfuify make or depute any deputy or deputies, for the exercifing of their feid rooms or office of juftice of the forefts; (2) for the avoiding of which ambiguity and doubt, and to the intent that the laws of ' the forefc may be more truly and fpeedily executed, it may be enafted by the King our fovereign lord, by the, aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent

Earliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That from enceforth all and every the juftice ana justices of the King’s forefts, parks and chafes within this realm, which now be, or hereafter shall be, by their writing, fealed with the feal of their office, shall make, affign, depute and appoint, as many deputy or deputies for the exercifing of the fame office of juftice or justices of the forefts, as to such juftice or justices from time to time shall be thought convenient 5 (3) which deputy and deputies fo appointed shall have like power and authority to do and execute all things concerning the King’s forefts, parks and chafes, and all other things concerning the office and offices of the juftice of the forefts, to all intents and purposes, and ixi as large and

ample

  v^ooQle

1540.] Anno tricefimo secundo HENRict VIII.	51

ample manner and form* as the fame juftice or justices might or may lawfully do or execute by the laws of this realm, ana as though the fame juftice or justices were there perfonally present in his or their own person or persons.

CAP. XXXVI.

Fir the expojtiion of the fiatute of fines.

FORASMUCH as in the fourth year of the reign of the late King 4 h. 7. c. *4.

of famous memory, King Henry the Seventh, father of cur mofi Moor 114. pi. dread frjcreign lord the King that now isy it wasy among many good 256* and sundry Jiatutes and ordinances then made for the common Wealthy pfa o! enaftedy ordained, and cfiablijhed the form and manner how fines Savil 8$, 105/ Jhould be levied with proclamations in the King's court before his ju- * Roll. 417, fiices of his common place, (2) and that such fines, with proclamations 504* fo had and madey to the intent to void allfirife and debateSy Jhould be l% *9* p * a final endy and conclude as well privies as Jlrangers to the fame, certain persons excepted and favedy as in the fame fiatute more plainly appear eth\ (3) fit hen which time, by diverfity of interpretationSy and expounding of the fame fiatute, it hath beeny and is yet, by fome man-nerefperfons doubted and called in quefiiony whether fines with proclamations levied or to be levied before the faidjufiiceSy by any person or persons having, or claiming to have in any manors9 lands, tenements or hereditaments corrtprifed in the fame fine, in pojfeffiorty reverfidHy remainder, or in ufe, any manner of efiat e-taily Jhould immediately after the said fine levied\ cngrojfedy and proclamation madey bind the right heir and A fine levied heirs of such tenant in tally and every other person and persons feifed or chiming to their ufe or ufes; by occafion whereof divers debateSy	t“the *

conlroverfieSy fusts and troubles have oeen begun7 tnovedy and had heirs of his within this realm, and mo be like to enfue, if remedy for the fame be body. not provided ; (4) for the eftabliftunent and reformation where- PJowd. t4s. of, and for the fure and fincere interpretation of the said fta* 3 Co.51.&S4. tute, in avoiding all dangers, contentions, controverfies, am- 7	^

biguities and doubts that hereafter may ertfurge, grow or hap- ii 'Co. 75! pen, (5) our said fovereign lord the King, with the aflent of Bro. Aflur. 6. the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre- Bro.Feoffm.al fent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, hath grc0f ^aile % enabled and ordained. That all and Angular fines, as well here- j*ro* fines 109, tofore levied, as hereafter to be levied before the said justices 118, in. with proclamations, according to therfeid ftatute, by any per- Co. Lit.37a. a. fon or persons of full age of one and twenty years, of any ma- j ®d , ftat^x. nors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, before the time of the c3t. said fine levied in any wife entailed to the person or persons fo 1 Leon. 244. levying the fame fine, or to any the anceftor or anceftors of1 Leon. 36,57, the fame person or persons in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder or 6***’ 10 in ufe, shall be, immediately after the fame fine levied, engrofled, 3 Andcrf°3. and proclamations made, adjudged, accepted, deemed and ta- 39, 141. ken, to all intents and purposes, a fufficient bar arid difeharge Skinner^, forever againft the said person and persons, and their heirs 2 AnJ* claiming the fame lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any ,,4“ parcel thereof, only by force of any such entail, (6) and againft Mother persons claiming the feme, or any parcel thereof, only E 2	t#

 

Google

52	Anno	tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII, [154O-

to their ufe, or to the ufe of any manner of heir of the bodies of them; any ambiguity, doubt or contrariofity of opinion, rifen or grown upon the said eftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

A fine levied II. Provided alway. That this aft, rtor any thing therein con-by the wife of tained, shall extend to bar or exclude the lawful entry, title or tance*of her *ntere^	^eir heirs, person orperfons, heretofore given

late husband or hereafter to be given, grown or accrued to them or any o€ shall be void, them, in or to any manors, lands, tenements and hereaita-11H. 7. c. 20. ments, by reafon of any fine or fines heretofore levied, or hereafter to be levied, by any woman after the death of her hufband, contrary to the form, intent and effect of the statute made in *	the said eleventh year of the said King Henry the Seventh,

of any manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, of the inheritance or purchafe of the said hufband or of any his anceftors, given or afligned to any such woman in dower, for term of life or in tail, in ufe or in pofleflion, (2) but that . the fame aft made in the said eleventh year of the said late King Henry the Seventh shall ftand, remain and be in full ftrength and virtue in every article, fentence and claufe therein contained, in like manner and form, as though this present aft had never been had ne made.

A fine levied III. Provided also, That this aft, ne any thing therein con-by him which tained, do extend to any fine or fines at any time heretofore le-by^arHsrment v*ec*’ or ^crca^er t0 ^ levied, of any lordmips, manors, lands, shall be void, tenements or other hereditaments whatfoever they be, the pof-Kcilw. *10. fefiioners and owners whereof, by reafon of any exprefs words contained in any fpecial aft or afts of parliament made or ordained fince the said fourth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Seventh, ftand, be bounden or reftrained from making any alienations, difcontinuances, or other alterations of any of the fame lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, contained in the said fine or fines ; (2) but that all and every such fine and fines at any time heretofore levied, or hereafter to be levied, by any such person or persons or their heirs, of any such lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, shall be of such like force and ftrength in the law, and of none other effeft than the fame fine fo levied, or to be levied, (hould have been if this present aft had never been had nor made; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

A fine levied JV. Provided also, That this aft, nor any thing therein con-oMands m tained, shall extend to any fine or fines heretofore levied of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments now in fuit, demand or variance, in any of the King’s courts, or whereof any charters, evidences or muniments concerning the lame, be now Afire oflnndi in demand in the King’s high court of chancery ; (2) nor to any befMC feC° ^ne or ^nes ^ercto^ore levied of any manors, lands, tenements ^And. 16 or hereditaments, which before the first day of this present parliament have been recovered, gotten or obtained by reafon of any judgment, entry, decree, arbitrement, or other lawful

means.

T54°0 Anno tricefimo fccundo Henrici VIII.	5	J

means, contrary to the purport, intent or effeft of any such fine or fines thereof, heretofore levied; (3) nor to any fine or A fine of land* fines heretofore levied, or hereafter to be levied, by any person or persons, of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, {heKing.1S m before the time of the levying of the fame fine* given, granted a fine levied or afligned to the said person or persons fo levying the fame by one refine, or to any of hi$ or their anceftors in tail, by virtue of any gained by aft letters patents of our said fovereign lord, or any of his proge-nitors, or by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament, the rever- 6 Co. 55. lion whereof, at the time of the fame fine or fines fo levied. 8 Co. 74. being in our said fovereign lord, his heirs or fucceflors; (4; Bro. Affur. 6. but thaj: every such fine and fines shall be of like force, ftrength bro' ui€8IIIm and effeft, as they were or should have been, if this aft had never been had nor made.

CAP. XXXVII.

For recovery of arrearages of rents by executors of tenant-in

fee-Jimple.

and fee-farm, have no remedy to recover such arrearages of the said rents or fee-farms as were due unto their tejiators tn their lives,

(2) nor yet the heirs of such tejlator, nor any per fin having the rever Ron of his ejlate after his deceafe, may dijlrain, or have any law- ' fui a&ion to levy any such arrearages of rents or fee-farms, due unto "him in h[s life as is aforesaid, (3) hy reafin whereof the tenants of the demean of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, out of the which such rents were due and payable, who of right ought to pay their rents and farms at such days and terms as they were due, do many times keep, hold and retain such arrearages in their own hands; fi that the executors and admimjlrators of the persons to whom such rents or fee-farms were due, cannot have or come by the said arrearages of the fame> towards the payment of the debts and performance of the will of the said tejiators: (4) For remedy whereof, be it A remedy for enafted by the authority of this present parliament. That the executor*. See, executors and adminiftrators of every such person or persons,,tc^^[0a unto whom any such rent or fee-farm is or shall be due, and [heirteftator not paid at the time of his death, shall and may have an aftion in his tile, of debt for all such arrearages, againfi the tenant or tenants that time, ought to have paid the said rent or fee-farms fo being behind in the life of their teftatpr, or againft the executors and admini-ftrators of the said tenants; (5) and also furthermore, it shall be lawful to every such executor and adminiftrator of any such person or persons unto whom such rent or fee-farm is or shall be due, and not paid at the time of h*.s death as is aforesaid, to diftrain for the arrearages of all such rents and fee-farms, upon the lands, tenements and other hereditaments, which were charged with the payment of such rents or fee-Farms, and chargeable to the diftrefs of the said teftator, (6) fo long as the 1 Leon. 301.

fridlapds, tenements or hereditaments continue, remain and£ro. El S05.

F3	beCro.Lar.*7l

 

Google

Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII. [1540.

be in the feifip or poffeffion of the said tenant in demefn, who ought immediately to have paid the said rent or fee-farm fo being » Vern. c*. behind, to the said teftator in his life, (7) or in the feifin or *50.	poffeflion of any other person or persons claiming the said lands,

tenements and hereditaments, only by and from the fame tenant by purchafe, gift or defeent, (8) in like manner and form as their said teftator might or ought to have done in his life-time^ and the said executors and adminiftrators (hall, for the fame diftrefs> lawfully make avowry upon their matter aforesaid. Redemption jj Provided alway, That this aft, nor any thing therein W^ies and the contained, shall not extend to any such manor, lordthip, pr do-piarches. minion in Wales* or in the marches of the fame, whereof the in-a Leon. 33. habitants have ufed, time out of the mind of man, to pay unto Vau^h.415. every j0rd, or owner of such lordlhip, manor or domimon, at his or their first entry into the fame, any fum or fums of money, for the redemption and difeharge of all duties, forfeitures and penalties, wherewith the said inhabitants were chargeable to any' of their said lords anceftors or predeceflbrs before his said entry. The huf- HI. And further be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That band s remt- if any man which now hath, or hereafter shall have in the right clyfor rent of his wife, any eftate in fee-fimple, fee-tail, or for term of t^h^and in &OT in rentsfee*farms, and the fame rents or fee-‘tbt life of his farms now be, or hereafter shall be due, behind and unpaid in wife.	the said wife’&life; then the said hulband, after the death of his

Co. pi. f. 119. said wife, his executors and adminiftrators, shall have an action of debt for the said arrearages againft the tenant of the demefn Co.Lit.351. b. t*iat ought to have paid the fame, his executors or adminiftra-Goldsb. 30. tors ; (i) and also the said hufband, after the death of his said pi. x.	wife, rpay diftrain for the said arrearages, in like manner and

form, as he might have done if his said wife had been then living, and make avowry upori his matter as is aforesaid.

Ttie remedy IV. And Jikewife it is further  enacted by the authority afore-for a rent, the faid. That if any person oy persons which now have, or here-rftate whereof after shall have, any rents or fee-farms for term of life or lives, dependeth up- Qf any othcr person or persons, and the said rent or fee-farm fife^eingr * now be, or hereafter shall be due, behind and unpaid in the dead.	life of such person or persons for whofe life or lives the eftate of

1 Anderf. 47. the said rent or fee-farm did depend or Continue, and after the % *;eon 59- said person or persons do die, then he unto whom the said rent I Co* 30. or fee-farm was due in form aforesaid, his executors or admini-e Leon. 153. ftrators shall and may have an atftion of debt againft the tenant in demefn, that ought to have paid the fame when it was first due, his executors and adminiftrators, (2) and also diftrain for the fame arrearages upon such lands and tenements out of the which the said rents or fee-farms were iffuing and payable, (3) in such like manner and form as he ought or might have done, jf such person or persons by whofe death thq aforesaid eftate in the said rents and fee-farms was determined and expired, had Co Li < been in full life and not dead ; and the avowry for the taking of lt l *'*' the fame diftrefs to be made in manner and form aforesaid.

CAP.

 

Google

*540-1

Anfto tricdimo fedindo Henrici VIIL

55

CAP. XXXVIII.

For marriages to ft and notwitbftdnding pre-contrafts.

WHEREAS heretofore the ufurped power of the bijhop of What mar-

Romc hath always intangled and troubled the meer jurifdiflion £**gC8 are lavr^ and regal power of this realm of England, and also unquieted much	what

the Jubjefls of the fame, by his ufurped power in them, as by making that Unlawftft which by Gods word is lawful, both in marriages and ether tbinffkas hereafter Jhall appear more qt lengthy and till now of late in ot& fovereign lord's time, which is otherwife by learning taught than his predectffors in times paft of long time have been, hath fo continued the fame, whereof yet fame Jparks be left, which here-ofter imght kindle a greater fore, and fo remaining, his power not to fom utterly extin £1:

II. Therefore it is thought m<fl convenient to the King's highness,	enormity

his lards fpiritual and temporal, with the commons of this realm, aft marriageTby fetnbled, in this prefen t parliament, That two things fptcially for this pre-contraAf. iime9 hi with diligence provided for, whereby many inconveniencies have enfiled, and many mo elfe mought enfue and follow j (2) as Where heretofore divers and many per font after long continuance together to matrimony, without any allegation of either of the parties, or dny other at their marriage, why the fame matrimony Jhould not be &(ody jt/ft atid lawful, and after the fame matrimony folemnized and Confummate by carnal knowledge, ana also fometime fruit of children enticed of the fame marriage, have neverthelefs, by an unjuft law of the bijhop of Rome, which is, That upon pretence of a former control made, and riot confummate by carnal copulation (for proof whereof two wttnejfes by that law were only required) been divorced andfeparate, contrary to God's law, and fo the true matrimony, both folemnized in the face of the church, and confummate with bodily knowledge, and conformed also with the fruit of children had between them, clearly fruftrate and dijjolved: (3) Further also, by reef on ^Theinconver qther prohibitions than God's law admitted, for their lucre by that nienciesofdif-court invented, the difpenfations whereof they always referved fo ^^*lon$ tQ themfelves, as in kindred or affinity between coufin-germdns, andfetq™ ■ fourth and fourth degree, carnal knowledge of any of the fame kin, or affinity before in such outward degrees, which elfe were lawful, and be not prohibited by Gods law, (±) and all becaufe they would get money by it, and keep a reputation to their ufurped jurifdiflion, whereby not only much difeord between lawful married persons hath (contrary to Gods ordinance) arifen, much debate and fouit at the law.

With wrongful vexation, and great damage of the innocent party hath been procured, and many juft marriages brought in doubt and danger of undoing, and also many times undone, ana lawful heirs dijheritea, whereof there had never elfe, but for his vain glorious ufurpation, been moved any such queftion, Jifice freedom in them was given us by Gods law, which ought to be moft Jure and certain ; (5) but that notwith-ftanding, man iages have been brought into such an incertainty thereby, that no marriage could be fo furely knit and bounden, but it Jbould lie in eifhir of the parties power and arbiter, cafting away the

£4	fm

 

Google

$$	Afino triccfimo fccundo Henrici VIIL 1*540.

fear of God,' by means and compajfcs to prove a pre-contract, a kindred and alliance, or a carnal knowledge, to defeat the fame, and Jo under the pretence of thefe allegations afore rehear fed, to live all tho days of their lives in detejlable adultery, to the utter* deJlruCthn ojf their own fouls, and the provocation of the terrible wrath of God upon the places where such abominations were ufed and fuffered z Co.	(6) Be it therefore enaCted by the King our fovere'rgn lord, the

lawf^ulTcon- *or<Js fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present tra& marriage parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That from jthat be not the first day of the month of July next coming, ia4he year of Sod^law by our ^or<^	f54°* a^ an<^ everyfuch marriages as Within this

Vaugb.a«o6. Qhurch °f England shall be contracted between lawful persons That mar- (as by this aCt we declare all persons to be lawful, that be not jiage is indif- prohibited by God’s law to marry) (7) such marriages being foluble which contract and folemnized in the face of the church, and confum-^d0folerani- mate bodily knowledge, or fruit of children or child being ?ed in the face had therein between the parties fo married, shall be by authori-of the church, ty of this present parliament aforesaid deemed, judged and ta-apd copfgm- fcen to be lawful, good, juft and indifloluble, notwithstanding d^fy know- ° any pre-G°ntraCt or pre-cootraCts of matrimony pot confummate ledge or fruit with bodily knowledge, which either of the parties fo married pf child, not' or both shall have made with any other person or persons before with (landing the time of contracting that marriage which is folemnized and ^racffC C°n" eoHfcnimatc, or whereof such fruit is enfued, or may enfue, as Repealed by 2 afore, and notwithstanding any difpenfation, prefcnption, law & 3 Ed. 6. or other thing granted or confirmed by aCt, orotherwife j (8) and p. 23. f. a. and that no refervation or prohibition, God’s law except, shall Ph! & M c.8. trouhlc or impeach any marriage without the Levjtical degrees ; f 20. and iii {9} and that no perfon, of what eftgte, degree or condition fo-part revived ever he or (he be, (hall, after the first day of the said month of by 1 El* c- *• July aforesaid, be admitted in any of the fpiritual courts with-ninch as isnot ”V^S rhe King’s realm, or any his Grace’s pther lands and do-icnealed bv 2 minions, to any procefs, plea or allegation, contrary to this .6/ forefaidaCt.

*'**'	GAP.	XXXIX.

Xhe great mafter of the King’s houle shall have all authority that the lprd fteward had. Rep, 1 Mar. Stat. 3. c.

CAP. XC.

For pbyftcians an ft their privilege.

4 Tnfl. 251. TN mo ft humble wife Jheweth unto your Mofefy, your true and ,ca. Jac' ,ai> Jl faithful fubjcCts and liege men, the prefidentof the corporation of Cro. Car. 156. the commonalty and fellowfhip of the fcicnce and faculty of phyfick in privileges	your city of London, and the commons and the fellows of the fame,

granted to	that whereas divers of them many times having in cure, as well feme

London!18 m °f ^or^s °f lour moft honourable council, and divers times many of * "	‘	the nobility of this realm, as many other of your faithful and liege

people, cannot give thfir due attendance to them, and other their pa-tients, with such diligence as their duty were and is to do, by reafen they be many times compelled, as well within the city of London and

fuburb/

  L^OOQle

S7

1540.] Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.

fuburbs of tht fame, as in other towns and villages, to keep watch and ward, and be chofen to the office of confable, and other offices within the city and Juburbs of the fame, as in other places within this your realm, to their great fatigation and unquieting, and to the peril of their patients, by reafon they cannot be conveniently attended:

(2) It may therefore pleale your mod excellent Majesty, with the afient of your lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, to enadt, ordain and eftablifti, That the prefident of The phyfici-the said commonalty and fellowfhip for the time being, and the ans in London commons and fellows of the fame, and every fellow thereof, A1311 be dif-that now be, or at any time hereafter shall be, their fucceffors, and the fucceffors of every of them, at all time and times after 0fficcs there, the making of this present adt, shall be difeharged to keep any watch or ward in your said city of London, or the fuburbs of the fame, or any part thereof $ (3) and that they or any of them shall not be chofen conftable, or any other officer in the said city or fuburbs; (4) and that if at any time hereafter the said prefident for the time being, or any of the said commons or fellows for the time being, by any Afrays or means be appointed or elected to any watch or ward, office of conftable, or any other office, within the said city or fuburbs, the fame appointmeht or cTedfion to be utterly voia and of none effedf; any order, custom or law to the contrary before this time ufed in the said city notwithstanding.

II.	And that it may please your moft royal Majesty, by the pour phyficU authority aforeiaid, Tnat it maybe further enacted, ordained ans shall be and eftabli(hed, for the common wealth and furety of your lov- chofen yearly ing fubjedfs of this your realm, in and for the adminiftration JuJ^archwaa^ of medicines to such of your said fubjedts as shall have need of[nLomUm^ the lame. That from henceforth the said prefident for the time being, commons and fellows, and their fucceffors, may yearly, at such time as they shall think moft meet and convenient for the. fame, eledl and choofe four persons of the said commons and fellows, of the best learned, wifeft and moft difereet, such as they shall think convenient, and have experience in the said faculty of phyfick ; (2) and that the said four persons fo eledted Altered by 10. and chofen, after a corporal oath to them miniftred by the said Geo. 1. c.i* prefident or his deputy, shall and may, by virtue of this present adl, have full authority and power, as often as they shall think meet and convenient, to enter into the houfe or noufes of all ind every apothecary, now or at any time hereafter ufing the myftery or craft of apothecary within the said city, only to fearch, view and fee such apothecary wares, drugs and fluffs, as the said apothecaries, or any of tnem have, or at any time hereafter shall have, in their houfe or houfes ; (3) and all such wares, drugs and fluffs, as the said four persons shall then find defedtive, corrupted, and not meet nor convenient to be miniftred in any medicines for the health of man’s body, the fame four persons calling to them the warden* of the said myftery of fpotheejiries within the said city (or that time b$in£, or one of

them,

  Google

>1

5*

Ann&triceftmo fecumfc HENRfcii Vllt. fi 54.0.

them, (hill caufe to be brent, eruthtrtvife dcftroy the lime, a* The forfeiture they'(hall think meet by their difcretrofi; (4) and if the said of an apothe- apothecaries, or any of them, at any timehtreafter do obftmar*fy fuleth tcf have ***" willingly refufe or deny the feid four peribns yearly elected 4,is houfe and chofen, as is before (aid, to enter into their said houfe or fearcbed. houfes for the caules, intent and purpose before rehearfed; that > M. ft. *.c. 9. then they and every of them (b offending contrary to this a<ff, for every time that he or they do fo offend, to forfeit C. r. f 5) the one half to your Majesty, arid the other half to him that will Cue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King’s courts, wherein no wager of law, eflbiri The forfeiture or protection shall be allowed 5 (6) and if the said four persons, of such as be- or any of them, fo eleded and chofeh as before is faid, do re* ingeleftrefufe f^fe to be fwom, or after his said oath to him or them admi* or to >Mke * nktred, do obftinately refufe to brake the said fearch and view torch. once in the year, at such time as they shall think tnoft convent-* ent by their difcretions, having no lawful impediment by fide* nefs. Or otherwife, to the contrary 5 that then for every such wilful and obftinate default, every of the hid four persons mat* ing default to forfeit forty (hillings.

Any of the III. And forafmuch as the feiehee of phyfick doth comprt* eft-- hend, include and contain the knowledge of forgery, a&afpe-r praftife for^ cial member and part of the fame; therefore be it enadbsd, j gery.	That any of the said company of fellow (hip of phyfidans, be-

ing able, chofen and admitted by the said preftdent and fellow- | (hip of phyftcians, may from time to time, as well Within the city of London, as elfewhere Within this realm, pradife and ex- j ercife the said fcience of phyfick in all and every his members and parts; any ad, statute or ptovifion mad< to the contrary jrotwith (landing,

CAP. XLI.

REP. si. Jac. Which inholders may bake horfe-bread within their houfe, 1-c.si.	notwithftanding	the totutes of 13 R. 2. Stat. i. c. 8. and

4/^ 4.^^.

CAP. XLII.

Far barbers and fkrgeons.

The authority HT^HE King our foveretgn lord, by the advice of the lords fpiritml and liberties A	and temporal,	and the commons^ in this prefect parliament af-

ot barbers and fombled, and by the authority of the fame, by all their common ajfents, London! be- pondering, among other things neceffary for the common wealth of ing made of this realm, that it is very expedient and needful to provide for men one company, expert in the fcience of phyfick and forgery, for the health of marts *i % Geo. a. body, when infirmities and ficknefs Jball happen* for the due exercifi and maintenance whereof good and necejfary afls be already made and provided; (2) yet neverthekfsfforafmuch as within the city of London, where men of great experience, as well in [peculation as in practice of the fcience and faculty of forgery, be abiding and inhabiting, and have more commonly the' daily exercife and experience of the fame fcience of forgery, than is had orvfed wthin other tarts of this realms -	Z	and

  v^ooQle

59

1540-3 Anno tricefimo secundo Henrici VIII.

end by ucafion thereof many expert persons be brought up under them 0} their fervants, apprentices and other s, who by the exercife and diligent information of their said maflers, as well now as hereafter,{ball iterdfe the said founce within divers other parts of this realm, to the great relief comfort and fuccowr of much people, and to the fure fafe-guard of their bodily health, their limbs and lives; (3) and forajmucb By whom, as within the said city ^London there be now two feveral and dif and at what tint! companies offurgeons, occupying and exerciting the said fcience and faculty ofjurgery, the one company being called The barbers of Lon- were°incor-don,ana the other company called The furgeons of London; (Operate.

\phicb company of barbers be incorporated tojue and to be fued by the name of maflers or governors of toe my/lery or commonalty of the barbers of London, by virtue and authority of the Utters patents under the great feal of the late King offamous memory, King Edward the Fourth^ dated at Weftminfter the four and twentieth day of February in the firfl year of his reign, which afterward, as well by pur now mofl dreadfovereign lord, as by the right nobU and virtuous prime King Henry the Jeventh, father unto the King's mojl excellent high-nefs now being, were and be confirmed, as by funary Utters patents thereof made, amongfi other things in the fame contained, more at large may appear; (5) and the other company, callld the furgeons, be not incorporate, nor have any manner of corporation', (6) which two yhebenefit feveral and dijlinft companies of furgeons were neceJTary to be united, like to enfue and made one body incorporate, to the intent that by their union and by joining the often affembly together, the good and due order, exercife and knowUdge barbers and of the said fcience or faculty offurgery, Jhould be, as well infbecula- oneScomVany. fm as in practice, noth to themfelves and all other their said fervants and apprentices, now and hereafter to be brought up under them, and by their Uarnings and diligent and ripe informations, more p erf eft, fpeciy and effectual remedy Jhould be, than it hath been, or Jhould be if the Jaid two companies ofbarbers andfurgeons Jhould continue fevered ofunder, and not joined together, as they before this time have been, and ufedtbemfehes, not medling together', (7) wherefore in confl-deration of the premifles, be it enadked oy the King our fovereign lord, and by the lords fpiritual and temporal, and by the commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said two feveral and diftindt com- Thc ^ar^rg panics of furgeons, that is to fay, both the barbers and the fur- and furgeoni geons, and every person of them, being a freeman of either of of London the (aid companies, after the custom of the said city of London, made one and their fucceflors, from henceforth immediately be united i^rporatedf and made one entire and whole body corporate, and one com- p monalty perpetual, which at all times hereafter shall be called bv the name of maflers or governors of the myfiery and commonalty ef barbers and furgeons of London, for evermore, and by none other name ; (8) and by the fame name to implead and be impleaded before all manner of juftices, in all courts, in all manner of adtions and fuits ; (9) and also to purchafe, enjoy, and to take to them and to tneir fucceflors, all manner of lands, tenements, rents and other pofleflions, whatfoever they be;

(10) and also shall h%ye a common feal, to fervefor the bufinefs

Qf

  Google

*0

The barbers and furgeom in London exempt from bearing of arms, or to be in watches or inquefts,

5H. 8. c.6. j,H. 7. c. 7.

The furgeons may take yearly four condemned persons for gnatomiea.

Anno tricefimo fccundo Henrici VHL [ 1540.

of the said company and corporation for ever; (n) and by the fame name peaceably, quietly and indefeafably fliall have, poffefs and enjoy to them, ana to their fucceflors for ever, all luch lands and tenements, and other hereditaments whatfoever* which the said company or commonalty of barbers have and enjoy to the ufe of the said myftery and commonalty of barbers of London ; (12) and also shall peaceably and quietly have and enjoy all and Angular benefices, grants, liberties, privileges, franchises suid free cuftoms, and also all manner of other things at any time given or granted unto the said companies of barbers or furgeons, by whatfoever name or names they or any of them were called, and which they or any of them now have* or any of their predeceflors have had, by a As of parliament, letters patents of the King’s highness* or other his mod noble progenitors* or otherwife by any other lawful means have had at any time afore this present aCt, in as large and ample manner and form, as they or any of them have* had, might or fhould* enjoy the fame; this union or conjunction of the said companies together notwithstanding; (13) and as largely to have and enjoy the premifles* as if the fame were and had been fpecially ana particularly exprefled and declared with the best and mod cleared words and terms in the law, to all intents and purposes; (14) and that all persons of the said company now incorporate by this present a<ft, and their fucceflors, that fliall be lawfully admitted and approved to occupy furgery, after the form of the statute in that cafe ordained and provided, fliall be exempt from bearing of armour, or to be put in any watches or inauefts $ (15) and that they and thejr fucceflors shall have the fearch, overfight, punifhment and correction, as well of freemen as of foreigners, for such offences as they or any of them shall commit or do againft the good order of barbery or furgeiy, as afore this titne among the said myftery and company of barbers of London hath been ufed and accuftomed, according to the good and politick rules and ordinances by them made, and approved by the lord chancellor, treafurer and two chief justices of cither bench, or any three of them, aftet the form of the statute in that cafe ordained and provided.

II. And further be it cnaCted by the authority aforesaid. That the said matters or governors of the myftery and commonalty of barbers and furgeons of London, and their fucceflors yearly tor ever, after their fad diferetions* at their free liberty and pleafure, shall and may have and take without contradiction four persons condemned, adjudged, and put to death for felony by the due order of the King’s laws of this realm, for anatomies, without any further fuit or labour to be made to the King’s highness, his heirs or fucceflors for the fame ; *(2) and to make incifion of the fame dead bodies, or otherwife to order the fame after their said diferetions at their pleafures, for their further and better knowledge, inftruClicn, infight, learning and experience in the said fcience or faculty of furgery \ (3) faving unto all persons, their heirs and fucceflors, all such right, title, interred and demand, which they or any of them might lawfully claimor

have

 

Google

1540-] Anno tricefimo secundo Henrjci VIII.	6*

have in or to any of the lands and tenements, with the appurtenances, belonging unto the said company of barbers and fur-geons, or any of them, at any time afore the making of this a<ft, in as ample manner and form as they or any of them had or ought to have had heretofore; any thing in this present ad com-prifed to the contraiy hereof in any wife notwithl^anding.

III.	And forafmuco as J'uch persons ufing the rnyfiery or faculty of#° barber in furgery. oftentimes meddle and take into their cures and houfes fucb

fuk ana difeafed persons as been infefled with the pejlilence> great pox, u e ur£ery* and fucb other contagious infirmities, do ufe or exercife barbery, as wajbing or Jhaving, or other feats thereunto belongings which is very perillous for infecting the King’s liege people reforting to their Jhops and houfes, there being wafijed or Jhavcn: (2) wherefore it is now ena&ed, ordained and provided by the authority aforesaid,’That no manner of person within the city of Londons fuburbs of the fame, and one mile compafs of the (aid city of Londons after the feaft of the nativity of our Lord God next coming, ufing barbery or (having, or that hereafter shall ufe any barbery or (having within the said city of Londons fuburbs, or one mile circuit of the fame city of Londons he nor they, nor none other for them; to his or their ufe, shall occupy any furgery, letting of blood, or any other thing belonging to furgery; drawing of teeth only except. (3) And furthermore in like manner, who- nor any fur-foever that ufeth the myllery or craft of furgery within the cir- g«°n of Lon-cuit aforesaid, as long as he shall fortune to ufe the said myftery ufe bar* or craft of furgery, mall in no wife occupy nor exercife the featDery# or craft of barbery or (having, neither by himfelf, nor by none other for him, to his or their ufe: (4) and moreover, that all Every furgeo» manner of persons ufing furgery for the time being, as well of London freemen as foreigners, aliens and ftrangers within the said city bavc a of Londons the fuburbs thereof, and one mile compafs of tlieJjUJ^1 l!> said city of Londons before the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, shall have an open fign on the ftreet-fide where they shall fortune to dwell, that all the King’s liege people there pafling by, may know at all times whither to refort for remedies in time of neceffity.

IV.	And further be it enaefted by the authority aforesaid, Sone shall be That no manner of perfon, after the said feaft of St. ^^^£ond^

the archangel next coming, prefumc to keep any (hop of bar- a freeman of bery or lhaving within the city of Londons except he be a free- that company, man of the fame corporation and company.

V.	And furthermore at (uch times heretofore accuftomed. Four wardens there shall be chofen by the fame company four mafters or go-

vemors of the fame corpbration or company, of the which four, authority, two of them shall be expert in furgery, and the other two in barbery; (2) which four matters, and every of them, ftiall have full power and authority from time to time, during their said office, to have the overfight, fearch, punifhment and correction > of all such defaults and inconvenieneies as (lull be found among # the said company ufing barbery or furgery, as well cf freemen as foreigners, aliens, or ftrangers, within the city of London-and,

the *

  L,ooQle

62	Anno	tricefimo	ftcundo HENftici Vlir.	[1540.

The forfci-	the circuits	aforefatd, after their hbi diferetiorrs :	(3) and if

turc* of of-	any perfon	or persons ufing any barbery or forgery,	at any time

lenders. hereafter offend m any of thefe articles aforesaid, that then for every month the said persons fo offending (hail lofe, forfeit and pay v li. the one moiety thiereof to the King our fovercign lord, and the other moiety to any person that will or shall fue therefore by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint ©r information in any the | King’s courts, wherein no wager of law, effoin or protedHon shall be admitted or allowed in the fame.

VI.	Provided that the (aid barbers and furgeons, and every of them, fhaU bear aid pay lot and fcot, and such other charges as they and their predeceflbrs have been accuftomed to pay within the said city of London ; this a<ft, nor any thing therein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding. Any person VII. Provided alway, and be it enacted by authority barbei^or fur- aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to any of the King’s fubjedts, geon as his	not being barber or furgeon, to retain, have and keep m his

lervant.	houfe as his fervant, any person being a barber or furgeon,

which Ihall and may ufe and exercife thofe arts and faculties of barbery or furgeiy, or either of them, in his matter's houfe, or elfewhere by His matter’s licence or commandment; any thing in this aabove written to the contrary notwrtfrflanding

CAP. XLIIL An aS concerning the county palatine of Chefter for Jhrre- \

days.

H. 8. c. <.	it	is enabled and eftablijhei ire the xxvij. year of our \

la what man- ▼V fovereign lord the King that rrm is, as well for the iticreafe ncr (hire-days and augmentation of good rule and order to be had and done in the hi the county county palatine of Chefter, and other Jhires, as for the adminijlration wont to be"3” °Xjyfice ttmong the King's fubjefts there, That the lord chancellor of kept.	England,	or the lord keeper of the great feal for the time beings JhaU

have authority from time to time to nominate and appoint jujtices of peace, jujlices of quorum, and jujlices of gaol-delivery, as well within the Jaid county palatine ^Chefter, and other Jhires and parts of -Wales, by commijjion under the King's great feal; (2) which persons fo named JhaU have full power and authority to enquire, hear ana determine all manner thing and things htquirable, prcfcntablc, or determinable before jujlices of peaee, jujlices 0/*quorum, and jujlices of gaol-delivery in other Jhires of this realm 0} England, and to do, ufe and execute every thing and things as other jujlices of peace, quorum, and gaol-delivery, do in other Jhires 0/* England, (3) and that they JhaU keep theirfejfions there, as they do in other fires of England, upon like penalty as hath been ordained for fuel) abufes in such jujlices in other fires of England ; any law, ah, Jlatute, ujage, cujlom, privilege, prefeription or liberty to the contrary thereof in any wife not with/landing, as in the said fatute made in the said xxvij. year, amongjl other things more plainly appeareth: (4) by reafon of which off it is now ufed to keep fejfions in the said county palatine of Chefter, as it is ufed in other Jhires ^England, (c) Alfo it is ufed in the said county palatine of Chefter, that the jujticcr of the fame for the

time

  CjOOQle

*54°*] Anno trkefimo focunde Henrici VH1.	63

time being hath yearly, time 01# of mind, ufed to keep the /hires or

cmty-days in manner and form, following, that is. tot jay, one year

wit /hires or county d#ysx and another year nine /hires or county-days, to

th which the gentlemen, freeholders and fujtors of the said county, are	x

bmden of ancient cujlom and duty to appear ana give their attendance

tt j'true the King 5 (6) which /hires and. county-days, tome very often-

times in the year ; and now, by reafon of the Jaid new Jlatute of ju/Hces

tf peace had in the said county, the said gentlemen, freeholders and

juitors of the said county, being bounden of their said old cujlom and

low to give their attendance and appearance to the said /hires and

cwfcdpys, art now bounden aifo to give their appearance and at-

tfniiftet at finer quarMr-fiffwns, and other privy Je/fiom in-the faid

county, (7) by mean whereof the said appearance and attendance

imeth fo oftentimes and fi thick together, that at many times they

cannot defart from^ the one court., and attend their hufmep fiercely one

Soy, or fometimes iefs, but they mujl again ride to firve the other court,

vbichis too painful, chargeable, intolerable and importune for any man

hfuftoin and abide\ (8) in CQnfkieration whereof, be it enabled bv Sefllom fhall

Ac King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, Jitter twice

and thecommons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by jn the y^

the authority of the fame, That from henceforth the law and only.

adminiftratkm of juftice> and ah other things in the said county

in times paft ufed to be had at the said (hire-days, (hah be

bolden, bad, made, done and executed by the jufticer of the

faid county for the time being, at two times in the year only,

that is to wit* at the feflions next after the feaft of St, Michael

the. archangel, and at the feflions next after Ea/ler yearly for

ever, during to many days at every of the laid times as need

(hall require, in like manner and form as it is now ufed and

executed in the county palatine of Lancajler\ (9) and that no

action, fuit or procefs now or hereafter to be depending in the

(aid counties, shall be thereby difeontinued, hurt or impaired,

nor any advantage therein to be taken by error, difcontinuance

of procefs, ne otherwife, but the fame to proceed after the fame

new order: (10) and that from henceforth the said old order,	oN

rule and custom in holding of the said counties or (hire-days, fnCg °he “un-

(hall utterly ceafe and determine for ever \ any a<fr, ftatute, pre- ty-days (hail

feription, grant, ufage, cqftoii), privilege, law, liberty, conftitu- ceafe.

tion or confirmation heretofore had, made, accuftomed or ufed Altered by 35

to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.	u	\.	C	'1

CAP. XLIV.

The town of Roy/lon, being before in five pari(hes, shall be reduced into one parifti, which shall have'che priory church to their parifti church, and be called the parifti of St. John Bap-tifi in Royflon: (2) and there (hail be a vicar always prefen ted by the King, his heirs and fuccefibrs 5 which vicar may fue and be fued, and purchafe lands to him and his fuccefibrs: and the parifti church and town of Roy/lon shall be in the dioeefe of London.

CAP.

  Google

64

4 Inft. iso.

3+&3jH. 8. C. 17.

7 Ed. 6. c. t. Altered by i M. feff. a.

C. TO.

i ei. c. 4. r. 24.

33 H. 8.C.22.

6	30.

7	Ed. 6. c. 2. Kep. iaCar.i. c. 24.

2$ H. 8. c. 3.

, 27 H. 8. c. 8. Repealed by 2 & 3 Ph. & M. c. 4. and revived by 1 £1. c. 4.

4 Inft. 246.

Anno tricefimo secundo HenRici VIII.	[ 154a.

CAP. XLV.

There shall be erefted a court of record, commonly called the court of the firft-fruits and tenths, for the levying and government of the firft-fruits and tenths granted to the King by the statute of 26 H. 8. c. 3. which shall have a feal; the officers whereof shall be the chancellor, the treafurer, the King’s attorney, two auditors, two* clerks, a meffenger, and an ufher: their feveral oaths, charges and duties.

CAP. XLVI.

The ereftion of the court of wards, and the names and feveral duties of the officers thereof, in the governance of the King’s wards, and their eftates.

CAP. XLVII.

An aft that the bifhop of Norwich shall be charged with the collection of the King’s tenths, notwithstanding a statute of 27 H. 8. exempteth the biftiop of Norwich from ccdlefting of the tenths in his diocefe. The bifhop of Norwich and his fucceflors shall collect the tenths of all fpiritual promotions within his diocefe.

CAP. XLVm.

The owners of lands hoklen of the caftle of Dover, which are bound by their tenures to pay their rents at the said caftle

• upon great penalties called Surfizes, shall hereafter pay the fame rents to the King in the exchequer, in the day of Simon and Jude, or within fifteen days after; and he that maketh default at that time, shall pay double the rent; but he that is bound to build or repair there, shall do it accoidingly. During the time that the King shall have any of the lands in his hands for wardftiip, or primer feifin, no rent shall be paid for caftleward to Dover. A hundred and fixty pound shall be quarterly paid every year to the conftable of the caftle of Dover, at the door of the common hall in the city of Canterbury by the King’s general receiver, to difeharge officers and foldiers. The conftable of the caftle of Dover shall furvey and controll the keepers and chief officers of the caftles, blockhoufes and bulwarks in Kent and Suffix, and all officers, ibldiers and munitions there.

CAP. XLIX.

A confirmation by aft of parliament of the King’s general and free pardon to all his (ubjefts, of all herefies, treafons, felonies, offences, fafr, Jfcving certain persons and certain offences particularly excepted.

CAP. L.

A grant of a fubfidy, and railing a prefident sfnd council in the weftern parts, having like authority as the council of Wa\eiy and the north.

Statute

*5

154i"1	Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.

Statutes made at tVeJlrhinjler, Anno 33 Hen. VIII. and Anno Dom. 1541.

HENRY the Eighth, by the grace of God, King 0/ England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith r and of the tburcb ^England, and also of Ireland, in earth fit-pretne bead,, to the honour of Almighty God, and for the cc?i-cordy quiet and wealth of this his realm, and fubjeRs of the fame* held bis moft high court of parliament, begun at Weft-minfter the fixteenth day of January, and continued till the fir ft day of April, the three and thirtieth year of bis moft noble and viRorious reign, wherein were eftablifBed thefe aRs following.

CAP. I.

A bill againft them that counterfeit letters or privy tokens to receive money or goods in other mens names.

FORASMUCH as many light and evil-difpofed persons, not mind* ing to get their livings by truth, according to the laws of this realm, but compajfing and aevifing daily how they may unlawful^ obtain and get into their hands and pojfejfion goods, chattels and jewels of other persons, for the maintenance of their unthrifty living, and also knowing that if thty come td any of the fame goods, chattels and jewels by ftealth, that then they, being thereof lawfully conviRed according lo the laws of this realm, /hall die therefore; have now of late falfty end deceitfully contrived, devifed and imagined privy tokens, and coun-terfeit letters in other mens names, unto divers persons their fpeci 4 friends and acquaintances, for the obtaining of money, godds, chat tell and jewels of the fame persons, their friends and acquaintances, by colour whereof the said light and evil-difpofed persons have deceitfully and unlawfully obtained and gotten great fubjlance of money, goods, chattels and jewels into their hands and pejjcffion, contrary to right and eonfeience:

II. For reformation whereof, be it ordained and enacted by t Rulft. 149* authority of this present parliament, That if any person or per^ fons, of what eftate or degree foever he or they be, at any time after the first day of dpril next coming, falfly and deceitfully obtain or get into bis or their hands or pofleffion, any money, goods, chattels, jewels, or other things of any other person of persons, by colour and means of any such falfe token or counterfeit letter made in any other man’s name, as is aforesaid, that then every person and persons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidt, by witnefies taken before the ford chancellor pf England for the time being, or by examination of witnefles, or confeffion taken in the ftar-clrtmber at IVejlminjler before th3 King’s moft honourable council, or before the justices of afiife in their circuits for the time being, or before the justices of peace Pumrtiment of

within any part of the King’s dominions in their general ferfiems, h,n} who VOL. V.	F	crmbmeiKyiii-

 

to his barrels of another per-(on's, under colour of a falfe token or counterfeit letter.

The justices authority touching' the &id offenders.

The authority ©f justices or peace in cities.

The remedy

©f the party grieved*

The King's council ot Calais.

El. c. 7. 17 El. c. 15. 35 EK c. io.

Anno tricefimo tertio Henri ci VIII, [1541,

o* by aftion in any of the King’s courts of record, (2) shall have and fuffer such correction and punifhmeot, by imprifon-ment of his body, fetting upon the pillory, or otherwife by any corporal pain (except pains of death) as shall be unto him or them limited, adjudged or appointed by the person or persons before whom he shall be fo convift of the £ud offences, or of any of them.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That as well the justices of aflife for the time being, as also two justices of peace in every county, whereof the one to be of the quorum, shall have full power and authority to call and convent, by procefs or otherwife, to the said aflifes or general feflions, any person or persons being fufpefted of any of the offences a-forefaid, and to commit him or them to ward, or to let him or them to bail, till the next aflifes or general feflions, there to be examined, and further to be ordered by their diferetions, as is abovefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by authority aforesaid. That justices of the peaefe within every city, borough, town and franchife within this realm, or other the King’s nonunions, shall have like jurifdiftion, power and authority, at their general feflions and otherwife, to do and execute all and every thing and things in all points, as other justices of the | aflifes in their circuits, or justices of the peace in the counties* | by virtue of this aft, be limited and appointed to do and execute, for the punifhment and correftion of like offenders, as by this forefaid aft is fpecified and declared: (2} faving to the party grieved by such deceit, such remedy by way of aftion or other-yrife, of and for the fame money, goods, chattels, jewels or other things fo obtained, as he might have had if this aft had never been had ne made ; any thing in the fame contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanaing.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That the King’s highness council of his town, of Calais, or three of them for the time being, shall have such and like authority for the examination, bailment and punifhment of such offender or offenders, and for such offences hereafter to be committed and done within the town and marches of Calaisr and county of Guienne, as the aforesaid justices of aflife or justices of peace have by force of this aft within their jurifdiftions and authorities.

CAP. IL

Whofoever shall buy any freftv filh (except fturgeon, porpofe and feal) of any ftranger in the parts of Flanders, Zealand, Picardy or France, or upon the fea between (hore and (bore, or in any place beyond the fea, to jut to Falc to any person within this realm, shall forfeit for every time ten pounds : but this shall not extend to any persons which shall buy fi(h in any part of Ifelandy Scotland, Orkney, Shetland, Ireland or NewlanaI

CAP.

  L^ooQle

154**3 Anno trjcefimo tertio Henrici VIII.	6j

CAP, III.

The hill for folding of cloths in North Wales.

WHERE a certain kind and fort of We l(h cloths, called Whites, Welch cloths Ruflets and Kennets, made and wrought in North Wales called whites, and Orceftcr hundred, adjoining to North Wales, of long time have fliall be been and be fo craftily and hard rolled together, that the buyer thereof cannot perceive nor difeern the untrue making and breadth thereof to cuttle«. the great hurt, deceit and impoverijhing of the King's true and loving fubjefts : (2) for remedy whereof, be it enacted, ordained and e-ftablifhed by the King our fovereign lord, his lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by authority of the fame, That all and every the said cloths, from and after the feaft of the Nativity of St.John Bap-tifi next coming, that fliall be brought to any common markets or fairs to be uttered and fold, shall be folded either iff plaits or cuttles, as the cloths of all other countries of this realm commonly have been ufed and be ufed, to the intent that the buyers thereof may plainly fee and perceive the breadth and goodnefs of such cloth and cloths as he shall buy ; {3) and that every piece of the said cloths, which after the said teaft shall be brought to any market or fair to be uttered and fold contrary to the form aforesaid, shall be forfeited; that is to fay, the moiety or one half thereof to the ufe of our said fovereign lord the King* and the other moiety thereof to any of the King’s fubjects which will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, wherein the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection nor efloin, nor any other dilatory plea admitted or allowed.

CAP. IV.

The pewterers hill.

WHERE at the parliament begun at London the third day of\fH *• fj* November in the xxi. year of the reign of the\ King our Jo-	madc^

vereign lord, and from thence adjourned to Weftminfter, and there tin out of the holden, and from that time continued by divers prorogations unto the realm. fifteenth day of January in the xxv. year of his mojl noble reign, it was ordained and ejlablijhed by the ajfent of the King's majefiy, his lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in the said parliament then ajfembled, and by authority of the fame, That no person nor per-fans from that time then inhabiting, or which after that time should inhabit within this realm, Jbould buy or otherwife take by exchange for other wares, any manner wares made or hereafter to be made out of this realm, of tin, or mixed with tin, as platters, dijhes, faucets, pots, bafins, ewers, fiaggons, goblets, fits, faltcellars, fpoons, or any other thing made of tin or pewter as aforesaid, whatfoever it were, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame wares, in whofe hands fitter it might he found or taken, and also lawful money current in this realm to the full value thereof, the one half f the fame forfeiture to

 

Google

Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII. [1541..

bt to the ufe of the Kings higbnefs, and the other half to be to the uji of the finders of the fame.

Searcher* of II. And further it was enaCled, That it Jhoutd be lawful to tb* ware* made of maj}er ani wardens of the pewterers, as well within the city of Lon-into 1 ^on> cs within every other city, borough or town within this realm* realm.	where	fuch wardens were, and where no such wardens were, to the

head officer or governor, head officers or governors of the fame city% borough or town for the time being»to appoint divers persons mojl expert in knowledge of the fame, to make fearcb and fetjure, and to take into their hands and pojfeffion all such wares as thereafter Jbould be brought contrary to the true intent and effect of the said aft* in whofefoever hands or pojfffions any such Jhould be found.

HI. And it was aljo^ enabled by the authority abovefaid, That n* person or persons occupying the said craft or occupation of pewterert

fhall take a ftranj to

prentice, See,

No ftrangefr born fhafl work any pewter or tin.

No pewterer shall t

ajiger born within this realm, Jbould fet on work or retain in his or ’their fervice any person or persons to be his or their apprentice or Journeyman, ejlranger born out of this realm, upon pain to forfeit for every Jiub apprentice and journeyman, x. li. Jlerling ; (2; and that no firanger bom out of this realm Jhould occupy, exercife or ufe, from the feaft of Pentecoft then next coming, the said craft of pewterers, ne work an/ manner ofyeffels, or other ware aforesaid, to be made of tin or pewter, within any place or places of this realm, upon pain offorfeiture of x. \. Jlerling, andalfo upon pain offorfeiture of the fame pewter or tin fo wrought, in whofe hands foever it Jhould be found or taken.

IV. And it was further enacted by the said authority. That no per-teach hi* fan nor persons being born within this realm, then occupying or exer-trade in a to- fa	0yp^terers, Jhould from thenceforth refort into

reign r m. ^ Jlrange regions or countries, there to ufe, feafh, or exercife the *	feud craft of pewterers, upon pain to loft the privilege and benefit of

an Engliflunan. (2) And if in cafe any of the Kings fubjeCls, at that time dwelling m any Jlrange country or region, and there occupying the said craft of pewter ersy did not repair into this realm within three months next after requejl and warning to him to be given by tori ting, fealed with the common feal of th$ wardens of the Jaid craft within the said city of London, and here in this realm continually from thenceforth dwell and inhabit, that then and from thenceforth he Jhould be reputed and taken as no Englishman, but Jbould Jtand and be from henceforth out of the King's protection.

\	V. And it was then further enaQtd, That where sundry roil dif-

pefed persons, which commonly were called hawkers, by authority of the King's letters patents or placard, did not only go about from place to place within this realm, ufing buying and felling of brajs and pewter, and by colour and pretence of the fame licences or placards did not only ufe unlawful and deeeivabfe weights and beams, but also did ufe to fell both brafs and pewter which was not good, nor truly or lawfully mixed or wrought, to the great deceit of the Kings true liege people, contrary to the form and effect of a good and laudable a Cl and fiatute, made in the fourth year of the Kings said moji noble reign. Licences and (2) that all such licences and placards afore that time had, made or placards made granted to any such person or persons, contrary to the true meaning, to liawkcn of form and effect of the said Jlatute% Jhould be from thenceforth, by the

autbo-

 

r54i-) Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.	69

authority of the said parliament, clearly void and of none ejfeft. (3) pcwtcr<hallbc And whereas in the said aft of parliament concerning the said craft vo^’g c * ef pewterers and brafiers, made in the said fourth year, for divers *	'	7*

taufes and confederations in thefame aft contained, among other things it was exprejfed, That no per/on nor persons uftng the said craft of pewtcr anj pewterers or brafiers Jhould from henceforth fell or change any pewter brafs shall be or brafs, new or old, at any place or places within thir realm,, but fold only in only in open fairs and markets, or in their own dwelling-houfes, unlefs °fr they were defired by the buyers offuch wares, upon pain of forfeiture	*

for every such default x. li. (4) And fa then the fame forfeiture was houTes. to the onh ufe of the Kings highness, and the party fearching or finding the fame was not intituled to have any benefit thereby, it was not mown that any person or persons had taken any pains to enfearch or make any enquiry thereof; by reafon whereof divers and many evil-iifpofed persons, then ufmg buying and felling as well of brafs as pewter, and not regarding the said good aft, nor the said penalty, went daily about from village to village, tovln to town, and from houfe to houfe, to jell such pewter and brafs which was not good, ana also nfei ieceivable weights and beams, as they did before the making of the jaid aft, to the great hurt and deceit of the Kings true liege peopU and fubjefts. (5) Wherefore it was enafted by the authority of the Who shall said parliament. That as well the moiety of the faidforfeiture ofk. li, have the po* limited in the said Jlatute made in the Jaid fourth year, as also the moiety of all other forfeitures and penalties exprejfed and fpecified in tute oF^H. S. the laid afts, and every of them, Jhould be to the ufe of the Kings c. 7. and higfmefs, his heirs ana JucceJfors, and the other moiety of the fame *5 H. 8. c. 9, forfeitures and penalties, and every of them, to the ufe of him or them 311(1 byt^iat that would feife, find, or present the said forfeitures, or any of tfyem, JjJanbe reco-or that would fue for the fame in any competent court or courts with- vered.

/»this realm, hy aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein the defendant Jhould in no wife be admitted to wage his law, or any protection or ejfoin to any person or persons which Jhould be impeached (0 have offended contrary to the form and effeft of this Jlatute jhould be allowable, as in the said aft more plainly appeareth ; (6) which *8 H* 8. c, 9. aft was appointed to endure only to the end of the next parliament then next following, and which aft was after renewed in the parliament holden at Weft minder in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of our .

Jaid fovereign lord, to endure until the end of the next parliament then next following, and which aft was also renewed at the parlia-	h. 8. e. v

ment holden at Weftminfter in the thirty-frjl and thirty fecondyears of our Jaid fovereign lord’s reign, to endure until the loft day of the next parliament then next enfuingf

VI.	Prayen therefore in this present parliament our said fove-r reign load’s true and obedient fubje&s, the pewterers of this his feid realm, and other the true commons of the fame, becaufe the fame a# is beneficial and necefiary for the common wealth of this realm, That it may be ena6ted by the King our said fo- Theftatuteof vereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- *5 H. 8. c.9, jpons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority made perpe* pf the fame, forafmuch as the fame a<5t, and every thing therein Contained, is good and beneficial to the common wealth of f 3	this

 

70

Anno tricefimo tcrtio Henrjci VIII. [ 154 r -

this realm, that all and every thje said a&s and tt&tutes, and all and every article, fentence and claufe comprifed in the fame* may from henceforth Hand and abide in full ftrength and effetSk for evermore from henceforth to endure, according to the purport, tenor and effect of the fame a€t or adts, as though the {aid articles, fentences and claufes were fpecially limited, recited, or declared in this present adh

VII.	And that no person ne persons from henceforth buy or take by exchange, or otherwife take into or within this realm* to the intent to fell, any such things or wares above rebearfed* made or to be made out of this realm, upon pain of like forfeitures and penalties as are and were expreflcd in the said feveral jadts; the fame penalties and forfeitures to be levied as is afore expreffed.

The penalty VIII. And that it may be further enadled by authority a-for hindering fore&id, That if any person or persons do unlawfully withftand, orfeifmh,of interruP^ difturb, or let tlje matter and wardens, or their de-puty, of the said craft of pewterers, for the time being, or the * ’ head officer or governor, head officers or governors of cities* towns or boroughs within this realm, wherein no such matter and wardens are or shall be, or any of them, in fearching, feifing and taking into their hands and pofleffions such wares as {hall 1 happen to be bought, or brought into this realm, .contrary to the purport and effedfc of the said ftatute, made in the said twenty-fifth year of the reign of our said fovereign lord, that then every luch person and persons fo offending, in letting* difturbing or withftanding the said feifure or taking of such wares as is aforesaid, shall lofe ai)d forfeit for every time fo do-mg, the fum of v. 1. fterling, the one half whereof ttiould be to the King’s ufe, and the other half to him or them that wilj or shall fue for the fame, by action of debt, writ, bill, plaint or information in any of the King’s courts of record; in which action or fuit no prote&ion, privilege, nor wager of Jaw shall be allowed nor admitted.	^

CAP. V.

fjoyr jnany Hoped trotting horfes for the faddle every man fhalj ftEP.si.Jac.i. " '................ keep	for	his degree.

c **‘	CAP. VI.

Zfbe bill for croft-bows and hand guns.

Who may II7HERE in the pariament holden at Weftminfter the (hoot in gun	V V fifteenth day of January in the twenty-fifth year of the King's

^nd^ho^not* &ractous TelZn'» and there continued and kept until the thirtieth day of March then next enfuing, among divers and sundry wholfom ’ and laudable alls, fiatutes and ordinances, one statute and ordinance was made and ordained for the avoiding and efchewing of Jhoeting in Incontenicn- croft-bows, and hand-guns; (2) fince the making of which all divers cies enfuing malicious and evil dijpofed persons, not only prefuming wilfully and the ufe of	obfiinately the violation and breach of the Jaid all, but aft of their

and haud-	tnalicious and evil difpoftd minds and purposes> have wilfully and

guns.	jbave?

 

Google

I54*»] Anno triocfimo tertio Henrici VIII.	71

jbamefutty committed, perpetrated, and done divers detejlable and Jbameful murders, robberies, felonies, riots and routs, wither ofs-bows, little Jbort band-guns, and little hagbuts, to the great peril and continual fear and danger of the King's mojl loving fubjefts;. and also divers keepers of forejls, chafes and parks, as well of our said fovereign lord, as other his nobles and commons, (3) and divers gentlemen, yeomen and fervingmen, now of late have laid apart the good and laudable exerctfe of the long-bow, which always heretofore hath been the furety, fafeguard and continual defense of this realm of England* and an tnejlimable dread and terror to the enemies of the fame , (4) and now of late the said evil difpofed persons have ufed, and yet do daily ufe, to ride and go in the King's highways and elfewhere, having with them erofs-bows, and tittle handguns, ready furnijhed with quarrels, gunpowder, f re and touch, to the great peril and fear of the Kings mojl loving fubjefts; (5) For reformation whereof, be it en-arted, ordained and eftablifned by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, in manner and form following, that is to fay, That no person or Altered by % persons, of what eftate or degree he or they be, except he or & 3 £d. 6. they in their own right, or in the right of Jus or their wives, to hi$ or their own ufes, or any other to the ufe of any such per- # fon or persons, have lands, tenements, fees, annuities or offices, to the yearly value of one hundred pounds, from or after the last day of June next coming, fliall fhoot in any crofs-bow, handgun, hagbut or demi-hake, or ufe to keep in his or their houfes or elfewhere, anycrofs bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, 500.71. otherwife or in any other manner than is hereafter in this present Cro. El. 8zi. art declared, upon pain to forfeit for eyery time that he or they fo offend contrary to this art, x. li.

II. And further he it enarted by the authority aforesaid. That Of what . no person or persons, of what eftate or degree foever he or they be, from and after the said last day of June shall fhoot in, carry, and demi-keep, ufe. or have in his houfe or elfewhere, any hand-gun, bake shall be. other than such as shall be in the ftock and gun of the length of one whole yard, or any hagbut or demi-hake, other than such as shall be in the ftock and gun of the length of three quarters of one yard, upon pain to forfeit for every time that he or they shall carry, ufe, or have any such gun, being not of the length of one whole yard, or hagbut, or demi-hake, being not of the length of three quarters of a yard, x. li. fterling■; (2) and that He that hath it shall be lawful to every person and persons which have lands, 1001. a year tenements, fees, annuities or offices, to the yearly value of SSfs^w^or C. li. as is aforesaid, to feife and take every such crofs-bow, and g™nfr0man*% also every band-gun being in ftock and gun fhorter in length than tber. flne whole yard, and every hagbut and demi-hake being fhorter in length than three quarters of a yard, or any of them, from the keeping or pofleflion of every such offender contrary to the form orthis art; and the fame crofs-bow or crofs-bows to keep and retain to his or their own ufe ; (3) and also the fame handgun^ hagbuts and demi-hakes fo feifed and taken, within

F 4	twenty

  v^.ooQle

?z

Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII. [154.

twenty days next after the said feifure or taking, to break and deftroy, upon pain of xl. s. for every gun fo feifed, and not broken and dcftroyed, and the fame fo broken and dcftroyed to keep and retain to his or their own ufe.

Ko person (hall	III. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That

parry a gun no person or persons, other than such as have lands, tene-ments, refits, fees, annuities or offices, to the yearly value of C. li. as is aforesaid, from or after the said last day of June, shall carry, or have in his or their journey, going or riding in the King*s highways or clfewhere, any crofs-bow bent, or gun charged or furnifhed with powder, fire or touch for the fame,

, except it be in time and fervice^of war, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence x. 1. this present adh, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftandihg.

Scooting in a IV. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That market-town no person or persons, from the said last day of June shall in any wit a gun. wjfc ^oot in or with any hand-gun, demi-hake or hagbut, at any thing at large within any city, borough or’market-town, nor within one quarter of a mile of any city, borough or market-town, except it be at a butt or bank of earth, in place convex nient, or for the defence of bis person or houfe, upon pain to forfeit for every such (hoot x. li. this present adt, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No man shall V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That command his no person or persons, of what eftate or degree foever he or they Aoot?1 °	*kall	from	or after the said last day of June, command any

•	of his or their fervants to (hoot in any crofs-bow, hand-gun,

hagbut or demi-hake, of his or their said mafters, or of any other . persons, at any deer,- fowl or other thing, except it be only at a butt or bank of earth, or in the time of war as is abovefaid, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence x. li. the one moiety of all which forfeitures and penalties in this present a<ft above fpecified, fliall be to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fueceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the party that will fue for the feme, by bill, plaint, adtion of debt or information, in any of the King’s courts of record, in which fuit no effoin, protection, nor wager of law shall be allowed.

Shooting at VI. Provided alway, and be it enaCted by the authority afore-J>utt or bank faid, That it shall be lawful from henceforth to all gentlemen, pi earth. yeomen, and fervingmen of every lord or lords fpiritual and temporal, and of all knights, efquires and gentlemen, and to all the inhabitants of cities, boroughs and market-towns of this realm of England, to (hoot with any hand-gun, demi-hake or hagbut, at any butt or bank of earth only in place convenient for the fame, fo that every such hand-gun, demi-hake and hag-Ttyefe may. but, be of the feveral lengths aforesaid, and not under; (2) and houft«n thciff ^at xt be lawful to every of the said lord and lords, knights, Kur$0tefauires and gentlemen, and the inhabitants of eveiy city, bo-rough and market-town, to have and keep in every of their hou-fes any such hand-gun or hand-guns of the lengtn of one whole yard, or any hagbut or dejni-hake of the length of three quar-,

ter*

 

Google

73

I54r*1 Anno tricefimo tertio HenrIci VIII.

ters of a yard, as is aforesaid, and not under, to the intent to ufe and (hoot in the fame at a butt or bank of earth only, as is abovefaid, whereby they and every of them, by the exercife thereof in form abovelaid, may the better aid and affift to the defence of this realm, when need shall require; this pre-fent aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That He that dweJ-HrihaH be lawful to every person and persons which dwelleth and lcth in a houfii mhabiteth in any houfe (landing and being fet diftant two fur- jading two longs from any city, borough or town, to keep and have in his	trom

laid houfe, for the only defence of the fame, hand-guns, hag-buts and demi-hakes, being of the feveral lengths aforesaid, and not under, and to ufe and exercife to (hoot in the fame at any butt or bank of earth near to his houfe, and not otherwife; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIIL And furthermore, the King’s moft loving fubjefts, the Placards of 11-lord* fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present fence to (hoot parliament aflcmbled, moft humbly do befeech the King’s maje- lP ^f?-**0** fty, that it be further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That vo all letters patents, fraternities, and also all other placards, licences and bills afligned, heretofore had, made orfignedby his Highnefs, or by any other authorized by his Majesty’s letters pa -tents under his great feal to give licence and placard to fhoot in crofs-bows and hand-guns, or any of them, shall be from and after the said last day of Junt fruftrate, void and of none effeft.

IX.	And also that it may be further enafted by authority a- All ftatute* for forefaid. That the said statute made in the faia twenty-fifth (hooting in year of the King> moft gracious reign, and all other statutes neretofore made and provided for the avoiding and reftraint of

(hooting in crofe-bows and hand-guns, or for any of them, or for the ufing and keeping of the lame, be from henceforth utterly void and of none effeft.

X.	Provided always. That every procefs, fuit or information* conceived, commenced and now depending, for any offence done contrary to the form of the said statute made in the said twenty-fifth year of the King’s moft noble reign, or of any other statute made or provided for and concerning the (hooting in crofs-bows and hand-guns, not repealed, and for the keeping of the fame, shall be as good and effeftual to the parties that have commenced the fame, and shall (land and be in such form, effeft, degree and condition, *as if this aft had never been made.

XI.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing therein con- Receiver of tained, be not in any wife hurtful or prejudicial to any person croft-bow* or persons, now being, or that hereafter mall be, appointed by forfeit to the the King’s highness to keep, receive or take any crofs-bows or hand-guns that shall be forfeited or taken within the precinft or

Jfberty of the King’s forefts, parks or chafes; but that he or fhey jpnay lawfully keep and retain the fame crols-bows or hand-

?	guns,

  ^.ooQle

Crofs bow and hand-gun makers.

Merchants having to fell crols-bows. Zee.

IVeclamation made in the county.

One bringing a crofs-bow, Zee. into another's houfe.

Any one may bring the offender to a juftice of peace.

Anno triccfimo tertio Henric* Yilh [ 1541,;

guns, from time to time, until such time as the further plcafure of the King’s highness in that behalf be to every such perfon. _ (hewed and declared.

XII.	Provided alfo. That this aft extend not to the makers of crofs-bows or hand-guns, but that they may lawfully keep crofs-bows and hand-guns, hagbuts and demi-hakes in their houfes, and (hoot in the fame, only for proving and allaying of them at a butt or bank of earth, in the place convenient, and not otherwife,; fo that the said hand-guns, hagbuts and demi-hakes be of the feveral lengths in (lock and gun as is above limited.

XIII.	Provided alio, That this aft, nor any thing therein contained, extend not, or be prejudicial to any merchants which have or shall have any crois-bows, hand-guns, hagbuts and demi-hakes, or any of them, to fell within this realm, and to none other ufe 5 fo that the fame hand-guns, hagbuts and demi-hakes be of the feveral lengths in gun and (lock as is above limited, and not under.

XIV.	Provided also, That no manner of person run in any danger, or take hurt, by reafon of any penalty or forfeiture contained in this aft, until such time as proclamation be made of the fame aft within the county where the party that shall or may offend contrary to this aft dwelleth by the (pace of twenty days next after the making of the (aid proclamation.

XV.	Provided alfo. That if any manner of person bring, or caufe to be brought, with him into his lodging, pr in or to any other man’s houfe, any crofs-bow or hand-gun, that then the penalty and forfeiture, if any such be, or hereafter shall be, forfeited by reafon of this aft to run and be only upon the bringcr of the said crofs-bow and hand-gun, and not to the owner of the fame lodging or houfe, if'the said owner of the said lodging or houfe caufe the said brinfier thereof to take and to carry away the said crofs-bow or hand-gun again with him at his departing ; any thing in this aft made to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

XVI.	And be it alfoenafted by the authority of this present parliament, That if any person or persons, from or after the lad day of June next coming, fee or find any person or persons offending, or doing contrary to the form and effeft of this aft, that then it shall be lawful to every such person or persons, perceiving, finding or feeing any fuen person or persons fo offending contrary to the form of this aft, to arreft and attach every such offender or offenders, and to bring or convey the fame to the next juftice of the peace of the fame county where the said offender or offenders shall be found fo offending 5 (2) and that the fame juftice of peace, upon a due examination and proof thereof before him had or made, by his diferetion, shall have full power and authority to fend or commit the fame offender or offenders to the next gaol, there to remain till such time as the said penalty or forfeiture (h^ll be truly contented and paid by ihe said offender \ (3) th? one moiety of the feme penalty to

 

Anno triccfimo tcrno Henrico VIII.	75

be paid to the King’s highness, and the other moiety thereof to the first bringer or conveyer of the said offender to the fame juftice of peace.

XVII.	And be it ftirther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tn every pla-That if any person or persons do at any titne hereafter obtain, card granted get or purchafe of the King's majesty, nis heirs or fucceflors,t0 in * any placard, licence or bill afligned, to (hoot in any crofs-bow, shall be* hand-gun, hagbut, or demi-hake, contrary to the tenor, pur- contained at port and effect of this present adt, that then there shall be con- what beafts or tained in every such placard, licence and bill afligned, at what hc beafts, fowls or other things the said person or persons fo ob- oot# taining any such placard, licence or bill afligned, /hall (hoot with any crofs-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake; or elfc that every such placard, licence and oill afligned, hereafter to be obtained, gotten or purchafed, /hall be clearly void, fruftrat* and of none effedti XVIIL And also, That every such person or persons fo ob-» taining any such placard, licence or bill afligned, before they /hoot in ahy such crofs-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, in any such manner or form as /hall be mentioned in anv such placard, licence or bill afligned, {hall be bounden in the King’s court of chancery by recognizance, in the fum of xx. li. to th$

King’s ufe, with and upon condition that he (b obtaining or ha-, ving the said licence, placard or bill aflignedJ shall not moot in any crofs-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, at any other beafts or fowls than in any such placard, licence or bill aflign-ed shall be contained and fpecified, and elfe all such placanls, licences and bills afligned, fo hereafter to be made to any person • or persons, riot being fo bounden by recognizance in the court of chancery, as is aforesaid, to be utterly void and of none effedti

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, who may cn. That it shall be lawful to all jufticesof the peace in their feflions, quire of and and to all fte wards and bailiffs in their feveral leets and law- punifh offen-days, to enquire, hear and determine every such offence, after dcrs* the fai.d last day of June to be committed and dune contrary to the tenor of tlus present adt; (2) fo that always no lefs fine than x, li. be aflefled upon every such prefentment and convidtion made according to the due courfe ot the law; (3) the fame fine \Vho /hall fo by the fame justices of peace, upon every luch prefentment have the fpr-and convidtion made before them in their leflions, to be paid	and

and leyied only to the King’s ufe; (4) and the one moiety of myea^sathey.

Sfine to be aflefled by the stewards or bailiffs of any leet or shall receive ly upon every prefentment and convidtion before them to them, be made, to be paid and levied to the ufe of the King our fo-vereign lord, *nd the other moiety, the one half to the owner of the said leet or lawday, by diftrefs or adtion of debt, and the other half of the fame (econd moiety of the fame fine to be to the party that will purfue for the lame in any of the King’s courts, by bij], qplaint, ififormation or action of debt, in the

>yhich

 

Google

7*	Anno tricefimo tertio HenricI VIIT*	[i 541.'

which none effoin, protedtion nor wager of law shall be allowed.

Wilful con- XX. And be it farther enacted, That if any jury, bein<* cealment of charged and fwom to enquire for the Ring our fovereign lord the jury shall before any justices of'the peace, or stewards of leets or lawdays, by another ju- any °^ences committed or done contrary to this present adt, ry.	do wilfully conceal any of the fame offences; that then the

Hob. 6S^	faid iuftices, stewards or bailiffs, before whom any concealment

(hall be had and done, shall have authority by virtue of this present adt, from time to time, to charge and fwear another jury of twelve or more good and fubftantial honeft persons, to enquire of every such concealment: (2) and if any such concealment be found*, and prefented by the said jury fo charged to enquire of the fame, that then every one of the said first jury that did fo conceal the fame, shall lo(e and forfeit for every such concealment of every such offence xxs. (3) all which forfeitures and penalties of xx. s. for every such concealment of every such offence fo found and prefented before the said justices .	of peace shall wholly be levied and paid to the King’s ufe.

XXI. And the moiety of all the fame forfeitures and penal-'	ties of xx. fo found and prefented before the stewards or

bailiffs of any leet or lawday, shall be levied and paid to the ufe of the owner of the said leet or lawday, by diftrefs or adtion of debt; and the other moiety thereof to be to the party or parties that will fue for the fame, by adtion, information, bill or plaint in any of the King’s courts,; in the which actions, informations, bills or plaints, no wager of law, effoin nor protedtion shall be allowed.	.

Within what XXII. Provided alway, and be it further enacted by the time a.fuit authority aforesaid. That if ai>y person or persons hereafter in shall be com- any parj Jq offend or contrary to the purview and remedy S1nftCana~of- ^is a&> whereupon caufe of adtion for the fame offence fender by the shall be given to the King, his heirs or fucceffors, or to any King or any other person or persons that will fue, by virtue of this adt, for other.	the punifhment of the said offence or forfeitures ; that if the

King our fovereign lord, his heirs or fucceffors, within one year next and immediately after such offences and forfeitures had and made, do not purfue their adtion or adtions fo given by this adt, or caufe examination upon such defaults and offences to be had and made before their council, or other prefentments thereof to be had, according to the meaning of the fame adt; (2) and e-very other person which hereafter by virtue of this adt may have adtion or adtions, fuit or information upon this ftatute, within half a year next and immediately after such offences or forfeits had and made, do not commence their fuits, informations,

* .	adtions	or prefentments of and upon the said forfeits, by adtion

or otherwise, as in this present adt is limited and declared ; £3) that then as well the King our fovereign lord, His heirs and iucceflbrs, after one year next after such offences and forfeits had and made, if no fuit in his or their name be taken by adtion or otherwise* as is before expreffed, before the fame year ended

and

  v^ooQle

1541*] Ann6 triccfimo tefdo HEM^icr VIII.	77

and determined, (4) as every other person after half a veaf next after like ounces and forfeits had and done in the form aforesaid, (5) if no fuit thereupon be taken by none of them in form above declared, be utterly excluded and debarred of their kid fuits, actions, informations and examinations to them given by virtue of the said a&; and thejparties, and every of them fo offending, shall be of sill such offences and forfeits clearly discharged and quit; any thing in this ad comprifed to the con* trary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Dwellers with* aforesaid. That this present ad, ne any thing therein contained, in twelve milts shall in any wife extend or be prejudicial unto the King's fub- of Scotland, jeds refident or inhabiting near unto the coafts of the fea, in any'Jj jjJJ?

Etof this realm, their houfes being not above five miles diftant c. 1. f. a.

m the said coafts ; (2) nor also to any of th$ King’s said fub-jeds inhabiting within twelve miles of the borders of Scotland;

(3) nor to any of the King’s fubjeds inhabitants of the town and marches of Calais; (4) nor to any of the inhabitants of the The inhabi-ifles of Jerfey> Guernsey, Anglefey, and the ifles of Wight and tants of cer-Man; (5) but that it shall be lawful for every of the said inha- taino|ac« hitants at all times hereafter to have, exercife and ufe their hand* pnv *e # guns, hagbuts and demi-hakes, of the lengths above faid, with* in the limits and ifles abovefaid, fo that it be at no manner of deer, heron, (hovelard, f>heafant, partridge, wild fwine or wild elk, ,or any of them; this present ad or.any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXIV- Provided also, That this ad, ne any thine therein a fervant contained be in any wife hurtful or prejudicial to any lervant or charging a person that hereafter, from the said last day of June> shall bend, guu by tbe bear, cany, charge, ufe or aflay any crofs-bow, or any hand- to™mafor.° gun, demi-hake or hagbut, of the lengths abovefaid, by the commandment of his lord or mafter, fo that the said lervant or person do not (hoot at any fowl, deer or other game, of what kind or nature foever they be of; (2) nor also to any such fer- a fervant ha-vant, person or persons that shall after the said last aay of June vinglicence in bear or convey any crofs-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, writing may of the lengths aforesaid, to any place or places, by the com- ftcr^s gun!”^ mandment of his lord or mafter, that may (hoot by authority of this aft, to be amended, repaired, delivered or aflayed, fo that the said fervant or other person fo bringing or conveying the * said croft-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, have ready to lhew to every person requiring the light thereof, one licence in writing, fealed or fubferibed by his laid lord or mafter, to carry and convey the fame crofs-bow, hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, to the intent to be amended, repaired, aflayed or delivered, gs is aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, That this a<ft, or any thing therein The owner of contained, shall not extend to any owner of any (hip, for hav- a (hip may ingor keeping of,any hand-gun, hagbut or demi-hake, of the keep a gun. feveral lengths in this a<ft exprefled, or under, only to be had ’ apd occupied within any their (hip or other veffel, or for the

carriage

  v^ooQle

yi	Anno trteefimo tertio Henrici VIII, [1541,

carriage and recarriage of them or any of them Oft land, or keeping of them for the only exercife and occupying of them within their said (hip or veffel; anything in this ttt to the con-•	trary	in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

The hill for conveyance of hrafs, lattcn and hell-metal over the fea.

at H. 8. c. 10. ’\X7HERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the third No man may	V V	day ^November in the twtnty-firfi year of the reign of our

SafiTVc^out	lord	the King that now is, amongft other things it was re-

ef the King's aftoiy That no person orperfons Jhouldfrom thenceforth carry or convey dominions.5 any hrafs, copper, latten, bell-metal, gun-metal, ne Jhroff-metal, into any part or parts beyond the fea, upon pain of forfeiture of the find metal, as by the said aft moreplainly appearetb; (2) fith ’the mating of which ejlatute divers persons, as well Englirfimen as firangers, have deceitfully obtained licences of the King's highness to tarry over bell-metal, and other broken metal, furmifittg the fame metdls not to bo meet for making of guns, and other engines of war, nor for implements neceffary for houjnold, which furmife is proved untrue, as the common experience thereof daily dcclareth; fo that all other realms and countries be fuU of artillery and munitions, and this realm is like to lack, if more hajly remedy to flop the conveyance of the fame be not further provided than is in the fame aft:

Altered as to H. Wherefore may it please the King’s highness, and the lord$ .*6. fpiritual an<* temporal, and the commons, in this present parli-c. 37. f. *. * ament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, to enatf. That See c Sc 6 W. no person or persons from henceforth shall carry or convey by Sc M. c. 17. water or otherwife any brafs, copper, latten, bell-metal, panmetal, gun-metal, ne (hroff-metal, whether it be clean or mixed (tin and lead only excepted) in any part beyond the fea, or into any outward realm or dominion whatfoever it be, upon pain to forfeit the double value of the fame metal fo carried and conveyed, the one half thereof to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other to the party that will fue for the fame by writ, bill, plaint or information, in the which no efloin or prote&ion shall be allowed.

Trial within HI. And further beitena<ftedby theauthority aforesaid, for the true mean*nS eftatute, That the arrival, difeharge and deli-a oreign a . veryQf t^e fajj metajs jn any parts beyond the fea, or in any other foreign realm or dominion, shall be tried and determined within this realm, in such county or place where the said metal or metals were (hipped, or first carried, with like procefs and determination as all other informations or a&ions be tried and ad-k judged within this realm, or as if the fame fa<ft had been done within this realm and dominion.

He that cam- IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That eth brafs, See. no person or persons at any time hereafter shall (hip or carry any in any (hip of the said metals afore rehearfed, to carry or difeharge the fame to*d*n b°Und *n any Part	rea^m» un^e^s such person or persons before

the fame with-1flapping thereof do declare and manifeft unto the cuftomer in this realm.	of

  Google

79

i54i-1 Armo tric^fimo tertio Henrici VIII.

of fiich port or creek where the fame metal shall be (hipped, the true weight of all such metal as shall be (hipped, (2) and also ihall make a fufficient obligation in the law, in the which he shall be bounden to the said cuftomer to the King’s ufe, in such fum as shall amount to the double value of the fame metal fo declared and manifefted, with condition that the fame shall be dif-charged at feme port or creek within this realm, and in no other place, upon pain to forfeit the fame in manner and form above rehearfed; (3) and that every such person or persons that shall (hip such metal, and be and shall be bounden as is aforesaid, shall within eight months next after the (hipping thereof bring a true certificate from the cuftomer of the port, creek, or place where he or they shall happen to difeharge the fame metal, teftifying that the fame metal fo (hipped, and the true weight thereof, i9 there difcharged; (4} which certificate the cuftomer of such place, where the said metal shall be difcharged, shall upon the dHcharge thereof, make and deliver to the party fo difeharging, or to his factor, without any delay.

V.	And be it further enadfed, That if any cuftomer or his The penalty deputy, by covin, or by any other undue mean, do make anv

falfe or untrue certificate concerning the said difeharging of such metal, contrary to the true meaning of this adt, that then such cuftomer fo falfly or untruly certifying as is aforesaid, shall lofe his office, and also the value of the goods fo concealed out of the said certificate.

VI.	Provided alway. That if the said metal, by temped:

weather be drowned, or by enemies or pirates robbed and fpoiled, downed 0/ and that diffidently proved withour fraud or covin, before the robbed, cuftomer and comptroller, or their fufficient deputies, in the port where the party or parties fo (hipped the metals aforesaid, or any of them, by the said party or parties, or their executors, that then he or they fo bringingfuch fufficient proof, shall have his obligation to him delivered, or eMe he and his executors thereof to be acquitted and clearly difcharged; any thing in this adt to the contrary contained notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority afore-foid. That this adt shall only take his effedt and be put in execution, from and after the first day of April next coming.

It shall be felony to pradlife, orcaufe to be pradlifed conjuration, REP. r Ed. 6. witchcraft, enchantment or foreery, to get money: or to con- c. 1*. & 1 M. fame stay person in his bodv, members or goods; or to pro- ^ r* 6 Toke any person to unlawful love; or for the defpight of Chrift, jac* * \u ©r lucreof money, to pull down any crofs ; or to declare where 9 G. ». 5. goods ftolen be.

CAP. VIII.

CAP. IX.

The bill for the maintaining artillery, and the debarring of unlawful games.

6 H. 8.c. *.

11 Co. 99.

MOST humbly complaining, flew unto your Highrfefs your daily Artillery shall orators, the bowyers, fletchersy Jlringers and arrowhead- be

. tenante red.

  Google

 

8o

Anno tricefimo terdo Henrici Vjll. [154^

tenance of archery, the better to be maintained and bad within the fame, and for the avoiding of divers and many unlawful games and plays, occupied and pra&ifei within this realm, to the great hurt and lett of [booting and archery, divers good and lawful Jlatutes have been deviled, enabled and made, cmongft which one was made in a parliament holden at Weftminfter in the third year of your mojl gracious reigny and the fame act made perpetual in the parliament there holden in the fixth year of your said reign 5 {2) the which good and laudable aft dcvSrd game* n°tvdthjlanding, divers and many fubtil inventative and crafty pirfons, the caufeof intending to defraud the fame ejiatute, fithens the making thereof have the decay of founds and daily, find many and funary new and crafty games and archery. plays, as logetting in thefields, flide-tbrift, otherwife calledJhove-groat, as well within the city of London, as elfewbere, in many other and divers parts of this realm, keeping houjes, plays and alleys for the maintenance thereof 5 by reafon wheryof archery is fore decayed, and daily is like to be more and more minified, and divers bowyers and fietcbers, for lack of work, gofie and inhabit themfilves in Scotland* and other places out of this realm, there working and teaching their fcience, to the puijfance of the fame, to the great comfort of the ejiran-gers, and detriment of this realm.

II. And where also your Grace's fubjefls, bowyers, fletchers and other artificers aforenamed, from time to time refort, repair and come out of all places of this your realm unto the city of London for lack of living, and do inhabit nigh the fame city, or tn the fuburbs of the fame city, and in the ftreets and lanes of the Jbme city, being no freemen of the fame city, nor bearing neither fcot, lot, nor other charges within your Jaid city, as other citizens and freemen of the fame city do, and are bound to do, and by their oaths are fworn to do, and which citizens and freemen of your said city, of the myfleries and crafts before rehearfed, which have been brought up as apprentices from their youth} dwelling within the freedom of your Jaid city of London, are always in readings to furnifi your Grace's affairs, when they Jhall be commanded * (2) by reafon of the which refort and abode of such foreigners and Jlrangers of the myfleries and crafts before rehearfed, in the fuburbs, ftreets and lanes of the fame city, other cities, towns, villages and places within this realm remain and be unfumijbed of artificers and craftfmen before rehearfed, to the great decay of the archery of this realm ; (3) and forafmuch as it appeareth by the preamble of the faidJlatute enabled the said third year, which was efiablified and made perpetual in ^ the forejaid fixth year of your mojl gracious reign, that your Highnejs calling to your mojl noble and gracious remembrance, that by the feat and exercife of the fubjefls of this your realm in Jhooting in tong bows, there hath continually grown and been within tbi fame great number and multitude of good archers, which hath not only defended this realm, and the fubjebis thereof, againjf the cruel malice and danger of their outward enemies in time heretofore paft, but also with little number and puijfance in regard have done many notable afis and difcomfiturcs of war againjl the infidels, and other, and furthermore fubaued and reduced divers and many regions and countries to their due obeifance, to the great honour, fame and furety of this realm and fubjtfts, and to the terrible dread and fear of all Jlrangs nations, any thing to attempt or do to the hurt or damage of them,

 

Google

bows was little ufed, but daily did minijb, decay and abate more and	°*

more, for that much part of the commonalty and tioor people of this realm, whereby of old time the great number and fubjlance of archert ktk grown and multiplied, were not of power and ability to buy them long-bows of yew, to exercife jhooting in the fame, andfuflain the mutual charge thereof (5) and also by means andoccafions of cujlom-able usage of tennis-play, a owls, cloyjh and other unlawful games, profited by many good and beneficial Jlatutes by authority of parliament in that behalf provided and made, gteat impoverijhment hath enfued\ end many heinous murders, robberies and felonies Were committed and done, and also the divine fervice of God by such mifdoers on holy and fijtival days, not heard or fiolemnifed, to the high difplcdfure of Almighty bod, as by the forefaid preamble more plainly may appear.

III. It may therefore be enacted by your Highnefs, the lords Men Under fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present par- the age of fix* liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every ycars j

*	J	#	J	*	J	h^VP Kau#a 4i\q

man being the King’s fubje<ft, not lame, decripit nor maimed, ari.owg for nor having any other lawful or reafonable caufe or impediment, (hooting* being within the age of fixty years (except fpiritual men justices of one bench and of the other, justices of the afllfe and barons of the exchequer) shall from the feaft pf Petitecojl next coming, ufe and exercife (hooting in long-bows, and also have a bow and arrows ready continually in his houfe, to ufe himfelf, and do ufe himfelf in (hooting; (i) and also the fathers, governors and	\

rulers of such as be of tender age, do teach and bring them up in the knowledge of the fame (hooting; (3) and that every man Meri-childrert having a man-child or men-children in his houfe, shall provide, between (evert ordain and have in his houfe for every man-child being of the age of fdven years and above, till he shall come to the age of fe* Men about fe-Venteen years, a bow and two (hafts to induce and learn them; venteen years and bring them up in (hooting, and shall deliver all the lime0* bow and arrows to the fame young men to ufe and Occupy j (4) and if the fame young men be fervants, that then their inafters shall abate the money that they shall pay for the fame bows and arrows out of their wages; (5) and after all such young men shall come to the age of feventeen years, every or them shall provide and have a bow and four arrows continually for himfelf, at his proper cofts and charges, or elfe of the gift of provifion of his friends, and ufe and occupy the fame in (hooting as is before rehearfed; (6) and if the mafter fuffer any of hisi fervants taking wages, being in houlhold, and under the age of feventeen years; or the father fuffer any of his Tons being in his houlhold, and under the age of feventeeen years, to lack a boW and two arrows, contrary to the form of this eftatute, by thd fpace of one month together; then the mafter or father in whom such negligences shall be, shall for every such default forfeit vi. $• via. d. (7) and thathevery fervant, palling the age of feventeen years, and under the age of fixty years, arid taking wages, which can or is able to (hoot, and (nail lack a bow and four arrows | by the fpace of one month together, for every such default (hal£ forfeit and lofc vi, yiii, 4*

You V,

O

IV. The

82	Anno	tricelimo tertio HenrICI VIII. [i54^*

\vho shall IV. Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That (hoot at rovers. no man unc|er the age of twenty four years (nail (hoot at any (landing prick, except it be at a rover, whereat he shall change at every (hoot his mark, upon pain for every (hoot doing the contrary, iv. d. (2) and that no person above the said age of twenty four years shall (hoot at any mark of eleven (core yards or under, with any prick-lhaft or flight, under the pain to forfeit Shooting in for every (hoot, fix shillings eight pence; (3) and that no person yew-bowK under the age of feventeen except he or his father or mother have lands or tenem^rtfs to the yearly value of ten pounds* or be worth in moveables the fum forty marks (lerling, shall (hoot m any bow of yew which shall be bought for him, after the feaft of the Purification of our Lady next coming, under the The inhabit- pain to lofe and forfeit vi. s. viii. d. (4) and also that butts be °le,Tcry made on this fide the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next com-turn, andCUt “ig, *n evcry city, town and place, by the inhabitants of every fhoot at them. such city* town and place, according to the law of ancient time ufed ; (5) and. that the inhabitants and dwellers in every of them be compelled to make and continue such butts, upon pain to forfeit for every three months fo lacking, xx. s. (6) and that the said inhabitants shall exercife themfelves with long-bows in (hooting at the fame, and elfewhcre, in holy days and other times convenient.

Vi And to the intent that every person may have bows of &>ws of elm, ritean price, be it ena<$ted by authority aforesaid. That every *Jh, &c/re- bowyer, dwelling out of the city and iuburbs of London, shall Pe*J?d by after the (hid feaft of the Purification of our Lady next coming, f. 6. C*I0# ^or cvery bow that he maketh of yew, make four other bows meet to (hoot in of elm, wich, hazel, a(h, or other wood apt for the fame, under the pain to lofe and forfeit for every such bow fo lacking iii. s. iv. d. (2) and every bowyer dwelling within the said city or fuburbs of London, shall after the said feaft of the Purification of our Lady next coming, for every bow of yew that he shall make, shall also make two other bows apt for (hooting of a(h, elm, wich, hazel or other wood meet for the fame, under like pain and forfeiture.

The feveral yi. And be jt ajf0 ena6led by the authority aforesaid. That Feveral°fortsCofn0 bowyer (ball fell any bow of yew for any person being be-bows.	tween the age of eight years and fourteen, above the price of

Repealed by twelve pence; (2) and that the fame bowyers shall have bows 8 El.c. xo. j. 6. Gf yew 0f au prices, from fix-pence the piece, to twelve-pence the piece, for youth between the said ages of feven years and fourteen years ; (3) and likewife have bows of yew fyr youth between the age of fourteen years and one and twenty years, and shall fell the fame at reafonable prices: (4) and moreover that no bowyer shall fell or put to rale to any the King’s fub-je<5ts, any bow of yew of the tax called elk, above the price of three shillings four pence, under the pain to forfeit xx. s. for every bow fold to the contrary, above the said price of three shillings four pence, as appeareth by a statute made in the twenty-rcconayear of the feign of King Edward the Fourth, the fourth

chapters

  LjOOQle

*54**] Anno tricefimo terdo Henrigi VIII.	83

chapter; (5) and that all bow-ftaves of yew hereafter to be«»Ed. 4-c. 4. brought into this realm, shall be fold open and not in bundles* 3	1• c* ll*

nor dofe to the intent the buyers of them may have perfedfc knowledge of the goodnefs of them, and give the better price for them if they be fo worth.

VII.	And furthermore be it enacted by the authority aforefeid, sale of feafon-That fletchers of London* and the fuburbs of the fame, may at able timber by their liberty fell feafonable timber to every fletcher of the country, one fletcher to without falling into any penalty or danger to any of their war- ***** er# dens^for fo doing, and that all ordinances and otner laws made

or to be made by their wardens, or otherwife, to the contrary*

(hall be from henceforth clearly fruftrate and void.

VIII.	And also be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bowyert and the bowyers, fletchers, ftringers and arrow-head-makers, re- (Etchers, &c* pairing and referring unto the said city or the fuburbs of the com-* fame, and there making their dwelling or abiding, beftig not mandment freemen of the said city, bearing neither fcot nor lot within the (halldwcllelfe* said city, shall at all times by the appointment of your Grace’s where, moft honourable council, the lord chancellor of England for the

time being, lord treasurer or the lord privy feal, or one of them, go and inhabit such cities, boroughs and towns as be deftituteof luch artificers, and there to exercife, occupy and pradtife their said crafts and faculties for the maintenance of artillery and archery ; (2) and if any such person to whom warning mall be fo given by the King’s moft honourable council, the lord chancellor, tne lord treafurer, or the lord privy-feal, as is aforesaid* to depart unto other towns or places of the said realm of England from the said city of London, the fuburbs, ftreets, lanes and places near the fame, refufe to accompliih the fame, that then he or they fo refufing shall forfeit for every day that he shall make his abode contrary to this a&, x). s.

IX.	Be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no Aliens &*U ftrangcr born out of the King’s obeifance, not being denizen, £ot c°nvey shall convey or do to be conveyed, give, fell or exchange into ro^lwyond any parts out of the King’s obeifance, any long-bows, arrows the fea.

or (hafts, without the King’s fpecial licence, upon pain of forfeiture of the feme wherefoever they shall be taken, or the value thereof within the King’s power, (2) and upon pain of im* prifonment without bail or mainprife, until such time as he or they fo being in ward, have made a reafonable fine to the King for his or their offences, afore the justices of peace, or two of them in their fcflions in the fame county where he or they shall be committed to ward, or find fufficient furety for the payment of the fame fine.

X.	And that no manner of person not being bom within the Aliens shall King’s obeifance, nor made denizen, ufe within the King’s obei- pot ufe (hoot* fence (hooting with long-bows, without the King’s licence, upon {“S m long-pain of forfeiture of such bows, arrows and (hafts as they shall D0W*

be founden fo (hooting with; (2) and every of the King*s fub-jc&s may have authority to take and feife the feme forfeiture* tp Hi* own ufe i (3) find that justices of aflife* of gaol-de*

Ca	livery*.

 

Google

r 78	Arina tricefimo terrio HfeNRici VllL

Magiftratc*	livery, justices of peace, and stewards of franchises, leets, and

d<^	^aw°ays> l*avc P°wer to enquire of all the premiffes in their fef-

thcfrcSJnce*. H°ns> leets al*d lawdays, and hear and determine the fame, and * also by their diferetion examine all persons lacking, and not having bows, (hafts and arrows according to the form aforesaid* The penalty XI. Be it also ena£ted by the authority aforesaid, That no for main- manner of person or persons, of what degree, quality or condi-houfcCfor un- dition foever he or they be, from the feaft of the nativity of St, lawful games. John Baptift now next coming, by himfelf, fiuftor, deputy, fer-vant or other perfon, shall for his or their gain, lucre or living* keep, have, hold, occupy, exercife or maintain, any common houfe, alley or place of bowling, coyting, cloyfh-cayls, half bowl, tennis, dicing-table or carding, or any other manner of game prohibited by any eftatute heretofore made, or any unlawful new game now invented or made, or any other new unlawful game hereafter to be invented, found, had or made,

(2)	upon pain to forfeit and pay for every day keeping, having or maintaining, or fuffering any such game to be had, kept, executed, played or maintained within any such houfe, garden, alley or other place, contrary to the form and effedt of this eftatute, forty (hillings.

The penalty XII. And also every person ufing and haunting any of the ahoufeof un- ^ houks and plays, and there playing, to forfeit for every time lawful games. f<* doing, fix shillings eight pence.

A , ard to XIII* And if any person hereafter fue for any placard to keei^a houfe ^lavc common gaming in his houfe, contrary to this dftatute, that of gaming, then it (ball be contained in the fame placard, what game shall AlPfuch pia- be ufed in the fame houfe, and what persons shall play thereat, Ca*d*hmad$, anc* evcry placai*d granted to the contrary to be void ; (2) and Ph.&	alfo that the party obtaining any such placard, before he put the

*fame in execution, shall be bound with fufficient fureties with him by recognizances in the chancery, in a certain fum, to be appointed by the diferetion of the lora chancellor of England, that he shall not ufe the said placard contrary to the form thereof. Magiftrate* XIV. Be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That unlawful k Awll b® lawfulto all and every the justices of peace in every games, and (hire, mayors, fheriffs, bailiffs, and other head officers, within punifli offen- every city, town and borough within this realm, from time to tiers.	time, as well within liberties as without, as need and cafe fhall

require, to come, enter, and refort into all and every houfes, places and alleys where such games shall be fufpelted to be holden, exercifed, ufed or occupied, contrary to the form of this eftatute ; (2) and as well the keepers of the fame, as also the persons there haunting, reforting and plaving, to take, anreft, and imprifon, and them fo taken and arrefted to keep in prifon,unto such time as the keepers and maintained of the said plays and v games have found fureties to the King’s ufe, to be bound by re-cognifance or otherwife, no longer to ufe, keep or occupy any . Farther pro- such houfe, play, game, alley or place; (3) and also that the hereto^ atin^ I*1*0118 t^cre f°und* be in like cafe bound by themfelves, or a Geo.* a. c. with fureties, by the diferetions of the juftices, mayors* (he-s*. f. 9.	'	riffs, bailiffs, or other head officers, no more to play, haunt or

exercif*

  LjOOQle

»5

1541*] Artno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.,

cxercife from thenceforth, in, at, or to any of the said places, or at any of the said games.

XV.	Alfo be it farther  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs, conftables, and other head officers within every city, borough and town within this realm, where any such officers shall fortune to be, as well within the franchises as without, shall make due fearch weekly, or at the fartheft at all times hereafter once every month, in all places where any such houfes, alleys, plays, or (daces shall be fufpeded to be had, kept and maintained; (2) and if the said mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs, conftables, and other head officers within their cities, boroughs and towns, as well within franchises as without, do not make due fearch at the fartheft once every month, if the cafe fo require, according to the tenor of this a<ft, and do not ex-r ccute the fame in all things according to the purport and force of the lame; that then every such mayor, (heriff, bailiff, conftable or other head officer, to pay and forfeit for every month not making such fearch, nor executing the fame, xl. s.

XVI.	it also enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no manner of artificer or craftfman of any handicraft or occupation, hufbandman, apprentice, labourer, fervant at hufbandry, journeyman, or fervant of artificer, mariners, fifhermen, watermen, or any ferving-many shall from the said feaft of the nativity of -St. "John Baptiji, play at the tables, tennis, dfce, cards, bowls, clafh, coyting, logating, or any other unlawful game, put of CbriJlmaSy under the pain of xx. s. to be forfeit for every time; (2) and in Cbriftrnas> to play at any of the said games in their matters houfes, pr in their matters prefence; (3) and also that no manner of persons shall at time play at any bowl or bowls jn open places out of his garden or orchard, upon the pain for every time fo offending, to forfeit vi. s. viii, d. (4) and that all justices pf peace, mayors, bailiffs, (heriffs, and all other bead officers, and every of them, finding or knowing any manner of perfop Qr persons ufing or exercifing any unlawful games, contrary to this prejfent ftatute, shall have full power and authority to comipit every such offender to ward, there to remain without bail or maipprize, until such time that they fo offending be bopnden by obligation to the King’s ufe, in such fums of money as by the diferetions of the said juftices, mayors, bailiffs, or other head officers, shall be thought reafonable, that they or any of theip shall nqt from henceforth ufe such unlaw* ful games.

XVII.	Be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all other statutes made for the reftraint of unlawful games, or for the maintenance of artillery, as touching the penalties or forfeitures of the fame, shall be fropi henceforth utterly void ; (2) and that all informations, plaints, actions, or fuits that shall be taken or fued upon any part of this ftatute, shall be com-fnenced within the year after the offence committed and done, pr otherwife no advantage or fuit thereof to be taken.

XVlUf And where any such forfeiture fb^ll happen to be

G 3	found

Searching of houfes where unlawful games be kept.

Perfons pro** hibited to play at unlawful games out of chrifbnas. z Lutw. 133.

Playing at bowls.

Certain of? ficers may commit offenders to pri* fop.

All other fta-tutesma e a-gainft unlawful games, and for the maintenance of artillery, repealed.

Within what time any fuit

  booQle

86	Anno	tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII. [i 541 #

(hall be profe- found within the precindt of any franchife, leet or lawday, then Ratut^^id *orc* ^ame ^ranc^^e» ^eet or lawday, to have the one who shall have moiety thereof, and the other moiety thereof to any of the the forfeitures. King’s fubje&s that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts, by adlion, information, bill or otherwife, in which action or fuit the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection nor effoin shall be allowed; (2) and where such forfeiture (hould be found out of the precinCt of any fran-chife, leet or lawday, that the moiety of all such forfeitures shall be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety thereof to any the King’s fubjeCts that will fue for the fame, by bill, plaint, aCtion, information or otherwife, in any of the King’s Courts, in which fuit or aCtion the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection or efloin shall be allowed.

Proclamation w XIX. And to the intent that every person may have know-jjf this ftatute. ledge of this aCt, and avoid the danger and penalties of the fame, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That all mayors, bai-Jiffs, fheriffs/and al) other head officers, shall four times in the year, that is to fay, every quarter once, make open proclamation of this present aCt in every market to be holden within their Several jurifdiCtions and authorities.

‘ XX. And also that the justices of gaol-delivery, aflifes and justices of peace, do caufe the fame to be proclaimed in their feveral circuits'and feflions ^fore them holden, and that this statute shall begin to take his effeCt concerning the penalties of the fame, from the fpid feaft of St. John Baptijl now next coming, and to continue and endure forever.

Lcafcsofhou- , XXI. Provided alway, and be it enabled by the authority a-fes where un- forefaid, That if any pferfon or persons have taken by leafe, whe-b<Tuf«faraCS fhcr it be by word, writing or otherwife, any houfe, alley or -v	place, wherein any such unlawful game now is, and at the time

of such leafe made, was ufed, that then every such leflee (hall, at the liberty of him or them to whom such leafe is made, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, from the said feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl, te utterly void, except it be for breach of covenants or agreements, or payment of rent due or to be due at the said feaft, or any time before, fo that then at the fame feaft, or within one month next after the fame, the said leflee give knowledge to such leflor or leflors, their heirs and affigns, that he will no longer occupy the fame, and that then it shall be lawful to the inheritor, lenor or owner thereof, or to , his heirs or affigns, in the fame houfe, alley or place, to reenter.	'	•	■	.	- '

Thefervant XXII. Provided also, and be it enaCled by the authprity a-fey licence may forefaid, That it shall be lawful for e very matter to licenfe his pay with his or their fervants to play at cards, dice or tables with their said matter, or with any other gentleman repairing to their said mailer, openly in his or their houfe, or in his or their prefence, according to his or their diferetion ; (2) arid that it shall be lawful to every such fervant, for every time fo being commanded

ox

  Google

154**3 Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.	87

or licenfed by his said mailer, as is aforesaid, to play at cards, dice or Uhles with his said mailer, or other gentleman fo to him repairing; any thing in this ac5l to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXIJL Provided also, and be it enadled by the authority a- in what cafes forefaid. That it lhall be lawful to every nobleman and other, fervant* may having manors, lands, tenements, or other yearly profits, for PlaJj at d£jc» term of life in his own right, or in his wife’s right, to the year- bwfsorteS ly value of an hundred pounds or above, to command, appoint ni*. or licenfe, by his or their diferetion, his or their fervants, or family of his or their houfe or houfes, for to play within the precinct of his or their houfes, gardens or orchards, at cards, dice, tahles, bowls or tennis, as well amongll themfelves as other repairing to the fame houfe or houfes; (2) and that they fo playing by commandment, appointment or licenfe, as is aforesaid, lhall not incur any .danger or penalty contained in this a<5t for the lame; this a& or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwirhftanding.

XXIV. Provided alway, and be it enabled by the authority Suits depend-aforefaid. That all informations, a<5lions and fuits now depend- *?£ at ™* ing in any of the King’s courts for or concerning any penalty or [tatute^^al-forfeiture contained in any of the said llatutes, by this alt repeal- ccj. . ed, and no judgment therein yet given, the fame informations. Enforced by allions and fuits, lhall be, remain and Hand as good and effec- »Qeo.*.£.ag, tual in the law, to all intents, conllru&ions and purposes, as if this all had never been had ne made; any thing in this all con? gained to t|ie contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

fJi justices of peace within every counjv, city, borough, £sfr. fliall yearly, at the general quarter-feffions holden next after Eajier, divide themfelves, and limiting two at the leaft, into hundreds, wapentakes, number of towns, Isfr. they lhall hold one feffions for the limits of their divisions, befides the quarter-feffions, fix weeks before the quarter-feffions, wherein they lhall enquire of vagabonds, retainers, giving of liveries, badges, maintenance, imbracery, &fc. and hear and determine the fame according to the llatutes for such offences provided.

And that they may reform panels returned before them. Rep.

37 H. 8. c.7. for the fix wepks feffions,

CAP. XI.

An act for butchers to fell at their liberty by weight or other-

wife.

IN mojl humble wife Jhewen unto your Higbnefs, the wardens, ma- a rchearfal fen and felhwjhip of butchers of your city of London, and all and repeal of other the butchers within this your realm of England, that where in tlie statutes )$ur parliament holden at Weftminfter by prorogation the twenty• ^^ndVliV fourth year of your moft noble reign, it was enaited, ordained and touching" ejlablijhed by your Majefly, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the felling of Hern mmonsy in the said parliament then affemhledy and by authority of^J the pound, the fame parliament, that every person which Jbould fell by himfelf, at certam

11 * * 4. 1*

#*$■*•*• *9 n%-* 9^

G*

1 price... or! Cro.

ii*#

  Googl

88 Hctey 193.

f 7 H. 8. c. 9

Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIIL	[ 154.1 •

or any others, the carcajfes of beeves,	, mutton or veal\ or any

f>art or parcel thereof*, after the firjl day of Auguft then next enfu-ing, Jhould Jell the fame by lawful weight called averdupois, and none otherwife ; the said Jlejb to be cut out in reafinable pieces, according to the requejl of the buyer, in like fajhion as afore that time was ufed, without fraud or covin ; and that every p erf on which by himfelf or any other Jhould fill any flejh of the said carcajfes, Jbouid have with him, where be Jhould make fale of the said flejh, fujfciemt bearn^ feales and weights fialcd, called averdupois, for true fires-ing of the buyers• And that after the said firfl day of Auguft no perfin nor perfins Jhould take, or caufi to be taken for any pound weight of flejh of the carcajfes of beef or porky by him or them to be fold, above the price of one halfipeny and halffarthing, without deceit or covin, upon pain to forfeit for every poundnot fold by weighty or above the said price limited, and for every default done contrary to the true meaning of the fiid aft, 3 s. 4d. the one moiety thereof to be to your Highnefs, and the other moiety to the party that wiufue for the fame by bifly plaint of informationJ in which fuit no ejfoin, wager of law nor proteftion Jhould be allowed. The heads, necksy inwards ? portnancesy tegs nor feet to be accounted as part of the car-caffes aforesaidy but such to be fold by a louver price, as by the said aft among other things more plainly appeareth : which aft was in etS things by yqur said orators, well, duly. jujllp and truly executed, according to the tenor and purport of the fame, until your Grace9s . parliament holden at Weftminfter by prorogation the xxvii. year of your mo/l noble reign, at which time it was then and there, for and upon divers good caufes and confderations, enafted, ordained assd eftablijhed, That from the xii. day of April in the year of our Lord God 1536. until the xxiv. day of April which Jhould he and was in the year of our Lord God 154.0. all butchers and others filling fUfh by retail, may lawfully kill and fell all manner beef, pork, mutton and veal, being good and wbolefime for man's body, at their plea-fures and liberties, as freely arid liberally as they or any of them did or might have done at any time before the said ejlatute made the xxiv. year of your moji noble reign, and alfi before another Jlatute concerning the fame, made the xxv. year of your moji noble reign, without any Ioffes, pains or imprifsnmcnt, forfeiture or penalty to bo by them or any of them, or the fuccejfors of than or any of them, bad, lojl, borne or fujflainedin that behalf during the time before rehearfid, the fame ejlatutes and either of them, and every claufe, fintence and article in them or either of them contained, Jhotild be in fufpeft, and not put in execution during the fame term ; as by the said aft made the said xxvii year of your moji noble reign, among other things, more plainly appeareth : which afts before rehearfid concerning the filling of flejh by weight as is aforesaid, if they Jhould hereafter by put in execution, and your said orators compelled to fell flejh by weight, according to the purport, tenor and ejfeft of the said ejlatute piade the xxiv. year of your moji noble reign, Jhould be to the utter undoing of your said orators for ever. It may therefore please your Majesty, That it may be by your Highnefs, and by the aflent pf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this

prefent

s9

IA i.]	Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.

fttbnt parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, ordained, eftablifhed and enabled, That the said statutes made in the xxiv. and xxv. year of your moft noble reign, may be repealed, adnihilated, made fruftrate and void againft your orators and all other your fubjedts. And that it may from henceforth be lawful unto all your said fubjedts, to fell their vidtuals from time to time by themfelves, their wives and fervants, to all manner of persons that will buy the fame, in like manner and form as they might have done before the making of the said eftatutes or any of them, without any danger, pains, penalty or forfeiture to be had for the fame; any thing in the said eftatutes or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

The bill for the boujhold.

WHERE trehfons, mifprifions of treafons, murders, manflaugh- PunHbmentof ters and other malicious ftriktngsy by reafon whereof blood is or Jball be Jhed, againjl the King's peace, been often and many times within the done and committed within the limits of the Kings palace or houfey or King’* court. other boufe or houfesy where and when his Majejly is there demurrant 4 hift. * 33* and abiding in his own moft royal perfon, which offences, when they be done, be bejl known by his Highnefs officers and ministers of his mofl honourable houjboldy and by his Majejly* s fervants of the chequer-roU ;

/i) and if his Majejly Jhall happen to remove from such his palace or loufe, or other bouje or houfesy where such offences were done, before the trial or determination thereof then such offences might not lawfully be tried, heard and determined by and before the said officers, but be remitted to be tried and determined by the order of the common laws of this realm; {f)by reafon whereof the punijbment of the said offenders in such cafes hath been long delayed, and fometimes their ojfen-$ee forgotten and not remembredy and fo efcape unpunijbed: (4) be it therefore enacted by the King our fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all treafons, mifprifions of treafons, murders, manflaugh-ters, bloodlheds and malicious ftrikings, by reafon whereof blood is or shall be (hed againft the King’s peace, which hath been done fince the feaft of All-Saints last pad, or hereafter shall be done, within any the palaces or houfes of his Highnefs or his heirs, or any other houfe or houfes, at such time as his Majesty hath been unce the said feaft of All-Saintsy or hereafter shall happen to be then demurrant or abiding in his royal perfon,

(hall be from thenceforth enquired of, tried, heard and determined within any the King’s palaces or houfes, or other houfe or houfes where his Majesty or his heirs shall hereafter repair unto, or be abiding, in manner and form following, that is to Where, and lay, before the lord great mailer, or lord fteward for the time be- before whom ing, of the King’s moft honourable houlhold, and of his heirs murders,mali-find fucceflors 5 and in the abfence of the said lord great matter, fngsf&c. com-pr lord fteward of the houlhold, before the treafurer and comp- muted in the pQller for the time being of the King’s moft honourable houf- King's houfe,

hold, Jail he fried.

7 Rail. pi. 114.

 

Google

Enquiry of perlons (lain within the King’s hocfe, or where he shall abide.

4. Co. 46.

Anno tricefimo tcrtio Henrici VIII. [1541,

hold, and of his heirs and fucceffbrs, and Reward of the Mar-Jbalfey for the time being, or two of them, whereof the Reward of the Marjbdfey for the time being to be one, by virtue pf their offices, without any commiifion or other authority or power, other than by the authority of this present aft, to be given unto them or any of them; (5) which Reward of the Marjbdfey shall be for ever from time to time affigned and appointed by writing under the leal of the said lord great maRer, or lord Reward, for the time being. (6) And whether the King’s majesty or his heirs, hath, or at any time hereafter Hull be, removed from the palace, houfe or houfes, where such offences were or shall be done, or not removed before they be enquired of, tried, beard and determined; yet such offences Riall, by the authority of this aft, always from henceforth be enquired of, tried, heard and determined before the King’s majesty aqd his heirs officers and ministers of his houfhold before named, or two of them as is a-forefaid, by the inquifition and verdift of his Hightiefs and his heirs houfhold fervants, in his or their check-roll, in manner and form as before and hereafter is expreffed in this present aft, and at such palace, houfe or houfes, where his Majesty of his heirs shall be at any time hereafter demurrant or abiding.

II.	And that all such returns of procels, and afi executions «nd judgments concerning the premifles, shall be had and done by the officers before and hereafter exprefled, and in manner and form as before and hereafter m this present aft is conr tained.

III.	And that all inquifitions upon the view of perfpns (lain, or hereafter to be flain, within any of the King’s laid palaces or houfes, or other houfe or houfes aforesaid, shall be, by authority of this aft, had and taken hereafter for ever by the coroner for the time being of the houfhold of our fovereim lord the King or his heirs, without any adjoining or affifting of any other coroner of any (hire within this realm, by the oath of* twelve or mo of the yeomen officers of the King and his heirs moft honourable houfhold, returned bv the two clerks comptrollers, the clerks pf the check, and the clerks marfhals, or one of them for the time being of the said houfhold, to whom the said coroner of the fame houfhold shall direft his precept; (2) which coroner of our said fovereign lord the King’s houfhold shall be from time to time named, appointed and affigned by the said lord great mafter, or lord Reward for the time being 5 (3) and that the laid coroner of the said houfhold fhall, from time to time for ever without delay, certify under his feal and the feals of fucli persons as shall be fwora before him, all such inquifitions, in-diftments and oftires, upon the view of all dead bodies being flain at any time fith the feaft of All-Saints aforesaid, or which hereafter shall be flain within any of the King’s said palaces or houfes, or other houfe or houfes aforesaid, before the said lord great mafter, or lord Reward, and in his abfence, before the treafurer, comptroller and ftewafd of the Marjbalfey aforesaid, or before two of them, whereof the said Reward of the Mar-Jhalfey to be one; (4) and that such inquifitions and offices fq

  v^ooQle

9*

1541 J Anno triccfimo tcrtio Henrici VIIL

certified, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken for ever, as good and effectual in the law to all intents, conftructions and purpo-fcs, as any inquifition taken upon the view of the body of any person being dead, by any coroner of any county of this realm, bath been or shall be adjudged or taken.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Enquiry of That the said two clerks, comptrollers, clerks of the check, and

clerks marfhals for the time being of the King’s find houfhold, byri^yeoiweri and of his heirs, or one of them for ever, upon a precept to officers7of the them, or to any of them hereafter to be made by the said lord King's houfe. great mafter or lord fteward, or, in the abfence of the said lord great mafter or lord fteward, by the said treafurer and comptroller of the King’s moft honourable houlhold, and the said fteward-of the JMarjbalfey, or by two of them, whereof the said fteward of the said Marjbalfey to be one, shall have full power to fummon, warn and return the names of twenty-four persons, being yecrmen officers of the King’s said houfhold, and of his heirs, in the said check-roll, to enquire of such treafons, mif-prifioiis of treafons, murders, manflaughters, and other malicious ftrikings, by reafon whereof blood is or shall be fhed, a-	^

gainft the King’s peace, before the said lord great mafter or lord fteward, and, in his abfence, before the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the Marjbalfey, or before two of them at the kaft, whereof the fteward to be one.

V.	And that it shall be lawful to the said lord great mafter or lord fteward, and, in his abfence, to the said treafurer, comptroller, and the said fteward aforesaid, or two of them, whereof the said fteward to be one, before whom such returns shall be fo 'made as is aforesaid, to caufe such number of the (aid twenty-four persons fb returned, above the number of twelve persons, as to him or them shall feem expedient, to enquire of such treafons, mifprifions of treafons, murders, manflaughters and other malicious ftrikings, by reafon whereof blood is or shall be fhed, againfl the King’s peace, within the said palaces or houfes, or other the said houfe or houfes, fith the said feaft of M-Saints* pr at any time hereafter ihall be committed or done within the said palace or houfe, or other the said houfe or houfes.

VI.	And if any person or persons be indicted by the said jury, Arraignment fo fwom before them as is aforesaid, or by inquifition before the of an offender said coroner of the said houfhold, and certified before the said hidifted. lord great maftpr of lord fteward, or in the abfence of the faid

lord great mafter or lord fteward, before the laid treafurer, comptroller and fteward, or before two of them, whereof the said fteward to be one as is aforesaid, that then immediately without delay the said lord great mafter or lord fteward, and, in his abfence, the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward, or two pf them, whereof the said fteward to be one, before whom the (aid prefentment, inquifition or indictment shall fo be found or certified by the said coroner of the fame houfhold, shall arraign before them all and every foch person and persons fo indicted Recording to the courfe of the common law of this realm, (2)

  Google ’

g2	Anno	tricefimo tertio Henrici VIIL [1541;

and forthwith after iffue joined between the King our fovereign lord, his heirs or fucceffors, and the prifoner fo arraigned, the fame day and place, or any other day and place, at the pleafure of the (aid lord great mafter, lord fteward, and, in his abfence, at the pleafure of the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the Marjbalfey, or two of them as is aforesaid, shall make another precept to the said clerks comptrollers, clerks of the check, and clerks maifhals for the time being of the said houlhold, or to one of them, to fummon and return one other jury of twenty-four persons, to appear before the said lord great mafter or lord fteward, and, in his abfence, before the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the Marjhalfey^ or before two of them, whereof the fame fteward to be one, at such day, time and place, and upon such pain, as ftiali be then limited and appointed, of the forvants and gentlemen officers of the King’s chamber, his heirs and fucceffors, and of the said houlholds, which now take, or hereafter shall take, wages by the King’s chequer-roll; (3J and that the said lord grand mafter or lord fteward (if he be there prefent) or in his abfence the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the said Marjhalfty or two of them, whereof the fame fteward to be one, before whom such jury shall be fo returned, shall caufe twelve of the fame jury to be fworn, without any manner of challenge to be had or allowed for any manner ofcaufe, to any of the said jury (malice only excepted) truly to be tried between our said (overeign lord the king and his neirs, and such person and persons as shall be fo indided and arraigned of such treafons, mifprifions of trea-fons, murders, manilaughters and other malicious ftrikings, by reafon whereof blood is or shall be (hed, againft the King’s The judgment peace, or any of them; (4) and if any such person or persons, of an offender fo indi&ed and arraigned, be found guilty of any treafon, mif-amdUs^m-Pr*®on treafon, murders or manflaughters, that then all and ture* " every such person and persons fo found guilty, shall have judgment of life and member, and fuffer such pains of death, and (hal> forfeit all their manors, lands, tenements, goods and chattels, in like manner and form, as if the fame person and per-t fons had been found guilty of any the said offences by the order of the common laws of this realm, without allowing to any such person or persons fo found guilty of any of the fame offences, the benefits of his or their clergy, or privilege of any fan<ftuaty. The judgment	VII. And if any person or persons fo arraigned be found guil-

for ftriking in ty for malicious ftriking, by reafon whereof blood is, hath been, hce^wh Seb* or ^ a&a*n^ t^e King’s peace, within the said pa-bload^Dial?be ^acc or h°ufc* or any other houfe, or any other the said houfe /hed.	or houfes ; that then every such person or persons shall from

'	henceforth	have	judgment by the said lord great mafter or lord

fteward, (if he be prefent) and in his abfence by the otj*er afore named, before whom such person and persons shall be fo found guilty, to have his right hand ftricken off before the said lord great mafter, or lord fteward, if he be there prefent, and in his abfence before the said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the

Mer*

  ^ooQie

93

*54*'] Anno tricefimo tertio HenRIci VIII.

Marjbaljey% or two of them at the lead, whei'eof the said fteward to be one, and at such place or time as he or they before whom such person or persons mall be fo found guilty, shall appoint execution to be done; (2) and the fame execution to be done by wh0 shall do such person as the (aid lord great matter, or lord tteward, if he execution, be there prefent, and in his abfence as ttie said treafurer, comptroller and fteward of the Marjbalfey^ or two of them, whereof the fteward to be one, shall name or appoint, (3) and also shall have Judgment to have perpetual imprisonment during his life, and (nail pay fine and ranfom at the King’s majesty’s pleafure, his heirs ana fuccefiors.

VIII.	And for the further declaration of the folemn and due The King's dreumftance of the execution appertaining, and of long time officers atten-ufed and accuftomed, to and for Inch malicious ftrikings, by dantattheex* reafon whereof blood is, hath been, or hereafter shall be (hed, ecutl0Il‘ againft the King’s peace: (2) it is therefore  enacted by the au- Chieffurgeon. thority aforesaid. That the fergsant or chief furgeon for the time

being, or his deputy, of the King’s houfhold, his heirs and foccettbrs, shall be ready at the time and place of execution as Audi be appointed, as is aforesaid, to fear the ftump when the hand is (bracken off.

IX.	And the fergeant of the pantry for the time being of the Sergeant of feme houfhold, or his deputy, (nail be also then and there ready the pantry, to give bread to the party that shall have his hand fo ftrkken

off.

X.	And the fergeant of the cellar for the time being of die Serjeant of feme houfhold, or his deputy, shall also he then and there ready the cellar, with a pot of red wine, to give the fame party drink, after his

hand is fo ftricken off, and the ftump feared.

XL And the fergeant of the ewry for the time being of the sergeant of lame houfhold, or his deputy, shall also be then and there rea- the ewiy. dy with clothes fufficient for the furgeon to occupy about the fame execution.

XII.	And the yeoman of the chandry for the time being of Yeoman of die fame houfhold, or his deputy, shall also be then and there, the chandry. and have in readinefs feared clotns, fufficient for the furgeon to occupy about fame execution.

XilL And the matter cook for the time being of die fame houfhold, or his deputy, shall also be then and there ready, and cook, bring with him a drefiing knife, and shall deliver the fame knife at the place of execution to the fergeant of the larder for the The fergeant time being of the fame.houfhold, or to his deputy, who shall be *** iardcr# also then and there ready, and hold upright the drefiing knife till execution be done.

XIV.	And the fergeant of the poultiy for the time being of The fergeant the fame houfhold, or his deputy, shall be also then and thereof*1*poultry, ready with a cock in his hand, ready for the furgeon to wrap a-

bout the fame ftump when the hand shall be fo ftricken off.

XV.	And the yeoman of the fcullery for the time being of Yeoman of the fame houfhold, or his deputy, to be also then and there rea- *** Waller/, dy, and prepare and make at the place of execution a fire of

coals.

 

Google

94

The chief fer-ror*

Groom of the falceiy.

The fergeant of the wood*

yard.

The party indicted refufing to anfwer directly, or landing mute.

A crier shall be appointed.

Anno tricefimo terrio Henrich VIII* [1541.

coals, and there to make ready fearing-ifons againlt the laid furgeon or his deputy lhall occupy the lame.

X VJ. And the fergeant or chief ferror for the time being of the fame houlhokl, or his deputy, lhall be alio then and there ready, and bring with him the fearing-irons, and deliver the fame to the fame fergeant or chief furgeon, or to his deputy, when they be hot.

XVII* And the groom of the falcerv fpr the time being of the fame houflvold, or his depqty, lhall be also then and there ready with vinegar and cold water, and give attendance upon the said furgeon or his deputy, until the lame execution be done.

XVIII.	And the ferjeant of the wood-yard for the time be-, ing, pf the fame houlhold, or his deputy, shall bring to the laid place of execution a block, with a betil, a ftaple* and cords, to bind the laid band upon the block, while execution is in doin*,

XIX.	And be ft further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons fo indicted of treaibn, raifprifion of treaibn, murder manslaughter, or other malicious linking, by realba whereof blood is, hath been, or lhall be Ihed, againft the King’s peace, as is aforesaid, and thereof be arraigped, and ob&inately refofe to anfwer diredtly to the fame offences whereof he or they be fo indicted; or if fuch«perlbn or persons fo indicted and arraigned, (land mute, and will not fpeak, then such person and persons fo refufing to anfwer, or (landing mute, lhall be conviCl, Judged and deemed guilty of the thing whereof he or they is or lhall be fo indicted and arraigned, and mail have judgment to have like pains of death, and other pains, punilh-ments, executions, forfeitures, lodes, and feizures of lands, tenements, goods and chattels for the fame, as he or they ought or Ihould have had for such like offences, if he or they were or should be found guilty thereof by the verdict of twelve men. (2)* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That the said clerks comptrollers, clerks of the check, and clerks roar-fhal, or one of them for the time being, lhall from time to time name, affign, and appoint a crier to make proclamations, and to call the juries, and to do other things as becometh a crier of a court to do belonging to that office.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority a-forelaid. That this aCt before rehearfed, concerning malicious (takings, by reafon whereof blood is, hath been, or lhall be died, againft the King’s peace, ne the pains and forfeitures before rehearfed for the punilhment of the fame, lhall not in any ways extend nor be prejudicial or hurtful to any nobleman, ne to any other person or persons, that lhall happen to.lirike his or their fervants within the laid palaces or houfes, or any other houfe or houfes aforesaid, or within the limits of the fame, with his or their hands or fills, or with any fmall ftaff or Hick, for correction and punilhment for any offences committed and done, or to be committed and done, (2) ne to any of the King’s officers or fervants that ihali (take any persons within the lame pa*

6	lace

  Google

1541.] Anno tricefimo tertlo HeNrici VIII.	95

lace or houfe, or any other houfe or houfes as aforesaid, although by reafon of the said ftroke or ftrokes there happen to be any blood filed of such person as shall be fo ftricken, except the person fo firicken do die of the fame ftroke within one year next after the fame ftroke fo given. (3) Provided also, ana be Trial by peers, it  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the trial of peers of this realm, for committing or doing any offences in this a<ft before mentioned, ftiall be as it hath been ufed in times paft; any thing in this a<ft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

aXI. Provided also, That the liberty and iurifd'uSUon of the The liberty of Marjbdfey court and circuit of the verge ftiall be in all points, the verge, privileges and authorities, -ufed by the ministers and officers of the fame, in as full and as ample manner as hath been heretofore lawfully ufed, for murders, felonies, offences, and all tref-pafles, contra&s and other fuits whatfoever they be; any thing in this a<51 to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.	And forafmuch as before this time one Richard Staverton r/Lincoln’s Inn, gentleman, was commanded and appointed by the King's majejly to occupy the office of the coroner of I is said houfe, by force whereof he hath continued officer in the fame by the fpace offix-teen years or more: be it enabled by the authority aforesaidrThat

the said Richard Staverton shall have, occupy and enjoy the laid The coroner

office of coroner during his life, together with all such profits

and commodities as before this time have been due and apper- 0 e#

taining in any wife to the fame; (2) and after his deceafe, the

laid coroner always to be made, affigned and appointed by the

laid lord great matter, or lord fteward for the time being.

XXIII.	And for that hereafter it might be doubted,, bow far the limits and bounds of the said houfe or houfes Jhould extend or be taken% within which limits or bounds any the said offences which have been committed or done fith the said feajl of All Saints, or hereafter /ball be committed or done, for the which all and every person an&perfons fo offending, Jhould have and Juffer the pains, penalties and forfeitures as is aforesaid 5 for plain declaration thereof, and for the a-voiding of all doubts and queftions which may hereafter happen to arise of, for, or upon the lame:

XXIV.	Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the The limit# and limits and bounds of the laid houfe and noufes, within which

any of the offences aforesaid, now committed or done fith the t bou*c-laid feaft of All Saints, or hereafter to be committed and done,

(hall be punilhed as is aforesaid, shall extend and be taken within thefe places cnfuing, and in none other, that is to fay, within any edifices, courts, places, gardens, orchards, or houfes within the porters ward, of any of the houfe or houfes above re-hearfed, or within any gardens, privy walks, orchards, tilt-yards, wood-yards, tennis-plays, cock-fights, bowling-alleys near adjoining to any of the houfes above rehearfed, and being part of the fame, or within two hundred foot of the ftandard of any outward gate or gates of any of the houfes above rehearfed, commonly uled for paflage out or from any the houfe or houfes above rehearfed.

XXV.	PrO-

  LjOOQle

Cafes of (hiking, to which this statute doth not extend.

Stealing the King's goods, or entering his hoofe to ileal, shall be felony. Rep. i Ed. 6.

C. 12.

iM'feifi.c.i.

i Bulftr. 198. The trial ot the offender.

Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII. [154/.

XXV.	Provided alway, That this a<ft shall not take effedt, of be put in execution, till from and after the first day of May next enfuing, except only for murders and manflaughters; for the which offences of murder and martflaughter, the fame to take effect from the feaft of All Saints Iaft pan, according to the tenor and effedt of the said adl.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforesaid. That this adt before rehearfed concerning malicious (takings, by reafon whereof blood is, hath been, or shall be (hed, againft the King’s peace, ne the pains and forfeiture*' before rehearfed for the punifhment of tnc fame, shall not in any wife extend, or be prejudicial or hurtful to any nobleman, ne to any other person or persons, that shall happen to (trike his or tneir fervants within the said palace or houfe, or any other houfe or houfes, place or places aforesaid, or within the limits of the fame, with his or their hands or fifts, or with any (mall ftaff or (tick, for corredtion and punifhment for any offences committed and done, or to be committed and done;

(2)	ne to any of the King’s officer or officers, that in executing of his or their office shall (trike any person or persons with his or their hands-or fifts, or with anv (mall ftaff or (tick, or with any ftaff commonly called a tip-(taff, within the lame palace or houfe, or in any other palaces or houfes or places aforesaid %

(3)	ne to any other person or persons, that in doing fervice at any triumph, or any other time of fervice, by the King’s commandment, or of any of his Grace’s council, or other his Grace’s head officers, shall happen, for the executing of their said fervice, to ftrike any person or persons with his or their hands or fifts, or with any fmall ftaff or (tick, or with any ftaff commonly called a tip-ftaff, within the fame palace or houfe, or any other palaces or houfes, or place or places aforesaid, although by reafon of the fame ftroke or ftrokes there happen to be any blood (bed of such person as shall be fo ftricken, except the person fo ftricken do die of the fame ftroke within one year next after the ftroke fo given.

XXVII.	And also be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall, from the fira day of April next coming, fteal or felonioufly take away any plate, jewels or other goods of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceffors, kings, of the value of xii. d. or above, or break or enter into any the King’s houfes, to the intent to fteal any of the King’s goods, his heirs or fucceflors, kings, though ms Majesty be abfent, or any other houfe, while it shall fortune the fame his Majesty to be lodged or abiding therein, every such offence to be deemed felony; (2) and the person or perlons fo offending, their abettors, procurers, counfellors and receptors* thereof lawfully convifted, to fuffer like penalties, forfeitures and pains of death, as appertained to felons, without having the benefit of their clergy or fanc-tuary; (3) and every such offender being apprehenaed within the verge of the King’s houfe) to be arraigned and tried by

snta

  Google

154J.] Aftfto tricefimo tertio Henrici VHC	97

men of the country, as other1 offenders for offences d£r*e vritfiln. the verge, before the fteward of the said Marjbalfey, and other unto him aflociated, are to be arraigned and tried within the fame precindk.

CAR XIII.

Certain lordfhips tranjlated from the cdunty if Denbigh td the county of Flint.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfler in the Stat. 31 It. S;

xxxii. year of the reign of oOr fovereign lord Kind Henry c. 43-	.

the Eighth, that now is, it was amongjl other enabled, That not-m \mlhfianding viii. county days ik one year, and ix. county days in m0vcd from cnother year, were before that time holden and kept within the county thfecotmfy palatine of Chefter, before the jullicer of the fame county, thatfrom °f Denbigh that time forthward thefaid juficer Jbould hold and keep but only two ftjjim every year within the fame county, the one whereof to be kept0	*

after Michaelmas, and the other after Eafter, and that from thence-forth all the said county days Jbould clearly ceafe and determine for ever, mby the fame aft at large more plainly appeareth: ijx) and forafmucb as within the fame county palatine it hath not been ufed nor feen, that the Jberijfof the fame county hath kept any Jbire-court for determination of plaints, and calling the exigends, as is commonly ufed in other Jbires of this realm, there was therefore never filhen the making of the said aft any exigend of felony, or other claufe proclaimed within the said county, to the no little hindrance of jufiice, and to' the great boldnefs of offenders: (3) fir reformation whereof, be it when and enabled by the King out fovereign lord, by the ajfent of the lords where the fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament fhire-court cjfemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the (heriff of the said county for the time being, after the feaft of Eafer ^all ^ next coming, shall be bound to keep his (hire-court in the ,, Ed. 3. (hire-hall of the said county every month for ever, for deter- ft. x. c. 1. mination of plaints and adtiohs under xl. s. and for proclamations, and calling of exigends, and other neceflary caufes, as is ufed in other (hires of this realm of England, (4) and that 7^ere fl,alLb« two head coroners for the body of the said (hire, shall be eledled two coroners and chofen by virtue of the King’s writ, De coronatore eligendo, chofenfor the to be awarded out of the exchequer of Chefer, which coroners county of shall be bound to fit with the said (heriff at the said courts, to Chcitcr* give judgment upon utlaries, and to do all other things as appertiineth.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid*

That the (aid two fefiions, in form aforesaid, to be holden within the said county, shall and may be holden at such time and times as by the said jufticer or his deputy shall be appointed* as well before the said feafts of Eafler.and Michaelmas, as any other time, according as is mod commonly ufed in other (hires of this realm, fo always open proclamation be thereof made by the fpace of xv. days at the lead before the lirft day of the keeping of the fame fefiions.

Vol.V.	H UI.	And

Flint.

98	Anno triccfimo tertio Henrici VIIL [154.1*

When thefef- HI. And where the lordlhips, towns and hamlets of Hop* fions for the ^ jfjfafh, have of old time been reputed, accepted and taken Chcftcr Oiall 23 Part anc* parcel of the county of Flint, and fo have been be holden.	continued until now of late, that by an a& of parliament

H. 8. c. 16, made in the xxvii. yeaf of the reign of our moll dread foverrign lord the King's majesty that now is, the fame were affigned to the county of Denbigh: (2) and also where parcel of the pariftt of Hawarden is at this day, and of old time hath been accepted, taken and ufed as part 01 the said county of Flint, and the re-fidue of the said parilh of Howarden is and always hath been without the precinft, limits and jurifdidlion of the fame county:

(3)	be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well the said lordlhips, towns and hamlets of Hope, AJfaph, an dthe Certain lord- whole parilh of Hawarden, together with the lordlhip of riOiestnWales the fame, as also the lordlhips towns and parilhes of Moldejdale, annexed to Mereford and Ofeley, arid all the lands, tenements and. heredita-the county of ments within the precindl and limits of the fame, or any of them, lhall from henceforth be reputed, accepted, taken and adjudged to be within the said county of Flint, as a member, part and parcel of the fame county of Flint, and not of nor within any other county or Ihire; any ftatute, ordinance, law or custom heretofore had or ufed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always. That the inhabitants and tenants of the fold lordlhips, towns, hamlets and parilhes of Hope, AJfaph, Moldejdale, Mereford and Hawardeh, lhall pay their milTes and tallages, when, and as oft as the fame lhall be due, with the inhabitants of such Ihire or Ihires as before time have been ac-cuftomed. (2) And that the said lordlhips of Hope, Moldejdale, Mereford, Ofeley, and Hawarden, with the whole and entire pariln of Hawarden, and all the grounds, lands, tenements and Flint in Wales hereditaments within the precinct and limits of the fame, shall fr°m henceforth be called, taken and accepted, the hundreds CZL of MtldefJdUmtht county of	(3) And that the faid

Moldefdale lordlhip of AJfaph, with all the grounds, lands, tenements and andRuthland. hereditaments within the precindl and limits of the fame. Explained by (haU be taken, accepted and adjudged to be as part and parcel c*»6.3? 97 ** t*ie hundred of Ruthland in the fame county*

CAP. XIV.

REP. 1 Ed. 6. It lhall be felony to declare any falfe prophecy upon oCcalion of

arms, fields, letters,

3	&+Ed. 6. c. tj. 1 Mar. flat. 1. c. 1. See 5 El. c. 15.

CAP. XV.

REP. 1 Jac. 1. A repeal of fo much of the statute of 32 H 8. c. 12. as doth c. 25& 21 aftign the town of Manchejler to be a place of fan&uary. But jac. 1. c. *8. inftead thereof, the city of IVeJicheJler in the county of Chefter shall be a place of fan&uary.

Certain towns in the county of

CAP.

*54*'] Anno triccfimo tertio Henrici VIII.

S9

CAP. XVI.

A bill for worftedyam in Norfolk.

WHEREAS for the mojl tart in all the Jhires and counties of this realm of England, there be and have been certain private commodities growing and arifing only within the said /hires or countiesf by the which only commodities politickly provided for and continued*, the cities and towns within the said /hires and counties, and the inhabitants of the famey be and have been, without am foreign aidjor fuccoury plenteoufly and wealthily kepty maintained^ defended and preferved ; (2) all which commodities, by the deceit and fubtile practices as well of merchant Jlranger;, as of divers other covetous and evil-confcienced pcrfons, have been and be many time clearly defiroyed and fubvertedy to the great lofs and decay as well of the said cities and towns within every such /hires and countieSy as of the inhabitants of the fame; (3) amongfi the which said citiesy towns y /hires and countieSy Worffed yam having private commoditiesy the city of Norwich, and divers other18 the P^aW-and many towns in the county of Norfolk, bath been always here- the city 0/ to fore kept preferved and maxntainedy and the poor men, and other Norwich and dwellers and inhabitants in the famey godly, honeflyy and i)iriuoufy the county of brought upy occupied and exercifedy by a commodity growing and rifing Norfolk. only within the said county, that is to fayy by the making and weaving of worjleds and other clothsy which hath been made and woven of the yarn called worfled yarn^Jpun of the wool growing and coming of the /beep bred only within toe county of Norfolk, and in no place elfiwhere: (4) And forafmuch as the said commodity of making and weaving of worjleds within the said city of Norwich and county of Norfolk, by the deceit and crafty practices of the great multitude of regrators and buyers of the said yarn called worfed yarny is wholly decayed and taken away from the said dwellers and inhabitants in the said city and /hire; that is to fayy in tbaty that the said regrators do buy the said yarn by fmall parcels of many meny and after that they have fo by little and little bought a great quantity of the said yam9 do not caufe it to be woven, or otherbuife wrought in the said city or1 county9 but do felly fend and carry away the fame yarn out of this realm ^England, into France, Flanders, andfuch other like placet beyond the fia\ ( 5) where with the said yarny f rangerSy not being bom under the Kang's dominionsy do make and weave faysy ru/fets*

Wor/ledsy and divers and sundry other cloths and thingSy the which after they have fo made and woveny the said flrangers do fell again unto us EnglHhmen, within this said realm ^England, to their great profity lucre and advantage, and to the clear decay and definition of the said commodity ; (6 )by reafon whereof the said city of Norwich, and other thefaid towns in the said county ^Norfolk, are not only mojl likely to be brought to utter ruin and decays and the poor meny and other dwellers and inhabitants of the famey which have been heretofore fit on worky kept and maintained only by the said commodity, illuded and deceived thereof \ but alfi are very like to be left defiitute and uhpro-vided of a livingy or any manner of art or occupation by the which they /ball be able7 within the laid city or county? to acquire to them-Ha	*	ffives.



_____-



too	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Henrici	VIII.	[1541.

felves, their wives and children, any honejl way and trade to live : (7) Be it therefore ordained and enaCted by the aflent of the King’s mod royal majesty, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and Who only by authority of the fame. That no person ne persons fronl may buy wor- henceforth shall buy, ne caufe to be bought, within the said • y in city °f Norwich or county of Norfolk, any yam called worfted wich or county Yarn> which shall be fpun within the laid city or county* of Norfolk. Y hut only such person or persons being weavers or other artificers, the which shall weave or otherwife work, or caufe to be woven or otherwife wrought, the laid yam fo bought within the said city and county, in the said city of Norwich, or fotne other market town or towns, or elfewhere within the said county of Norfolk, (8) upon the pain of forfeiting for every pound weight of yam called worfted yam, fo bought within the (aid dty of Norwich or county of Norfolk, and not woven or other-wile wrought within the said cify or county, as is aforesaid, kl. s. the one half thereof to ouf fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him or them that shall fo take the said yam, dr fue for the fame by bill, plaint, information or otherwife3 in which fuit no eflbin, protection, ne wager of law shall be flowed or admitted.

No worfted II. And be it further ordained and enacted by authority tranf ^orted	That if any person or persons do, from or after the

flapped to be first day of April next enfuing, (h|p to carry or convey, or tranfported. caufe to be (hipped to carry or convey into the parts beyond the fea, or elfe do carry ana cohvey, or caufe to be carried and conveyed into the parts beyond the fea, any yarn called worfted yarn, not wrought ot made in doth, fo such yam be fpun or mad? within this realm of England; that then every person and persons fo (hipping, conveying ot carrying, or caufing such yarn fo to be (hipped, carried or conveyed, shall forfeit for every pound of worfted yarn fo (hipped, conveyed or carried, xl. $. the one half thereof to be unto our fovereign lord the King, the other half unto him or them that will fue for Continued 37 the fame jn any £0urt of record, by information, bill, plaint MadcCper-	or otherwife j wherein no wager or law, eflbin or protection

petual by	(hall be allowed. (2) This aCt to continue and endure until

j Ed* 6. c. 6. the last day of the next parliament.

CAP. XVIL An a8 for the confirmation and continuation of certain alls.

H. s. c.n. TX7HERE in the parliament begun and holden at London the Poor.	V V third day of November in the xxi. year of the reign of out

moll dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourned to Wefttninfter, and there holden and continued by divert prorogations until the diffblution thereof an aft was made and efla-blijhed, declaring and concerning as welt how the agefl, poor and impotent persons j compelled to live by alms, Jhould be ordered and ufed, and also how vagabonds and mighty firong beggars Jhould be whipped and punifijed: And at the said parliament one other aft was made

and

*54*'] Anno triccfimo tertio Henrici VIII.	ioi

and ejlablijbedfor tberejlraint of carrying and conveying of horfes and 2« H. 8. c. 7. mares out of this realm : and also at the said parliament one other aft Horfes. was made and ejlablijbedfor punijhment of Welfhmen, attempting	^,,f

ojfaults or affrays upon any the inhabitants ^Hereford, Gloucefter Wc cn’ or Shropshire: Which said three feveral afts were also made to endure to the loft day of the next parliament, as by the fame three feveral efts more plainly appeareth: and also one other aft was there made in ** c* **• thefaid parliament, for the true making of cables, halfers and ropes;	c	1?#

end also one other aft for the true winding of wools ; and one other Woois.' aft to refrain killing of 'wainlings, bullocks,fleers or heifers, being *4- H. 8. c. 9. under the age of two years: which said three feveral afts lajl before wa*nhngs. remembred wore then made to endure and continue to the next par-	c*

liament, as by the fame three feveral afts more plainly appeareth: and where also in the Jaid parliament one other aft was made and ejlablijbed for the attaints to be fued for the punijhment of perjury upon untrue verdifts; and also one other aft was there made in the said parliament concerning Jowing of flax and hemp; all which said two feveral *4 c. 4, afts lajl before rehearfed, were then made and ordained to continue Flax* and endure to the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame two feveral afts more plainly at large is Jbcwed and may appear: and where also in the said parliament one other aft was made and ejlablijbed for making of gaols in divers Jbires of this realm, which said 23 H. 8. c. *f afl was then made to continue and endure for one year next after the Gaols, end of the fame parliament, as by the fame aft aljo more plainly appear eth: and where also in the parliament begun andholden at' Weft-minder the eighth day of June in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of our said mojl dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, and there continued and kept until the diffolution thereof, it was ordained and enabled. That all andfingular the said feveral afts above remembred, and every of them, Jbould continue and endure in their force andJlrength, and also be obferued and kept, until the lajl day of the next parliament as by the fame aft amongfl other things therein contained more plainly appeareth: and wnere also in the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the eight and twentieth day of April, and there continued until the eight and twentieth day oj June in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of our mojl dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, it was ordained and enabled by the authority of the fame parliament, that all and fin-fular the said feveral afts above remembred, and every of them, and all claufes, articles and provifms in them and every of them contained%

Jbould continue and endure in their force and Jlrength, and also be ob-Jervtd and kept, until the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame aft amongfi other things therein contained more plainly appear-dtb: and where also in the lajl feffton of thy fame parliament, begun at Weftminfter the twelfth day of April in the said thirtyfrjl year ef the Kingls mojl noble reign, and there by divers prorogations continued until the twenty fourth day of July in the thirty ffecond year of ourfaid fovereign lord the King's reign, there was one other aft made* j1 *•c* S* and ejlablijbed for and concerning the reformation of mifpleading, ■*eo ai *' jeofails and attorneys, which fame aft, with the provtfo therein contained, were made to endure until the lajl day of the next parliament,

Otbjf the fame aft and provifo amongfl other things therein contained

H 3	more

 

Google

102	Anno	tricefimo	tertlo	Henrici VIII. [1541 ♦

more plainly appeareth: and forafmuch as all and lingular the fend feveral afts above mentioned be good and beneficial for the common wealth of this realm: be it therefore enacted and ordained by the authority of this present parliament. That all and Angular the said feveral a<5ts, and every of them, and all claufes, articles and provifions in them ana every of them contained, shall continue and endure in their force and ftrength, and be obferved and kept in all things, unto the last day of the next parliament. Hemp or flax II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of shall not be	this present parliament. That it shall not be lawful to any per-

watered in	fon or persons, at any time hereafter, to water any manner of

flream or**	hemp or flax in any river, running water, dream, brook or

common	other common pond, where beads be ufed to be watered, but

pond.	only on the grounds or pits for the fame ordained, and to bo

ordained, made and provided, or elfe in other their own feveral ponds, upon pain every person and persons, offending or doing Forfeit, contrary to the tenor, meaning and purport of this (tatute, to lofe and forfeit for every time fo doing, twenty (hillings, the one half thereof to be to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to be to the party grieved, or to any other the King’s fubjedte that will fue for the fame forfeiture m any court of record, lect or law-day, by action erf debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, in which fuit no protedHon, wager of law, efloin or other dilatory plea shall be admitted or allpwed.

CAP, XVIII,

Rep. 5 & 6	<;0 much of the statute of zj H. 8. c. 12. as doth concern the

E<1. 6, c. 6.	breadth	of	kerfey, repealed, and the refidue confinped.

CAP. XIX.

An expedition of a certain statute concerning tie Jbipping of

cloths,

WHERE in the parliament begun and holden at London the third day ^November in the one and twentieth year .of the reign our of moft dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourned to Weftminfter, and there also holden and continued by divers prorogations unto the fourth day of February in a? H. 8. c t\ feven an^ twent*eth year of our faidfovereign lord the King's reigny 7 ’ * ’ ana there then holden until the dijfolution thereof it was by aft of parliament ordained and eftablifhed, That every white woolen doth fold for four pound and under, and every coloured cloth fold for three pound and under, might be carried and conveyed into the parts of be-yond the fea, there to be fold at the pleafure of the buyers of the said cloth and cloths, unbarbed, unjhorn and unrowed; any a ft or afts to the contrary made notwithftending.

II. And by the fame aft it was further enabled. That. if any person or persons did fend or convey, or caufe to be fent and conveyed, into the parts beyond the fea, any white woolen cloth above the value of iv. li. or any coloured cloth above the price of iii. li. unrowed, unbarbed and unjhorn, in other form than is above mentioned, that then the person or persons fo offending Jhall forfeit the value tf the Jauf sloths, fo carried and conveyed into the parts beyond the Jeay (2) the

one

  Google

154*0 Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.	10$

mu maiety of the fame forfeiture to be to the ufe of our said fovereign. lerd the King, and the other moiety to any person which will or Jhall f"b billy writ or otberwife, againft any person for the fame; (3) and the defendant in any plea upon any such fuit or aftion be not admitted to wage bis law, nor any protection nor effoin for any such defendant be allowed in the fame, as by the fame aft more plainly ap-peareth; (4) upon the interpretation and expounding of certain words within the Jaid aft, diverfity of opinions bath rifen amongfl fome per-JbnSj that if any person or persons fend or convey9 or caufe to be fent or conveyed, towards the parts beyond the fea, any white woolen cloth above the value of iv. li. or any coloured cloth above the value of\\u li. sorrowed, unbarbed or unjborn, whether the fame doth fo fent, or the value thereof be forfeited, before the fame cloth be carried and conveyed into the parts beyond the fea: (5) for a plain declaration of the pre- f . jniflcs, be it ordained and enabled by the authority of thispre- woolen doth** fent parliament. That no person or persons from henceforth white or co-flttll carry or (hip, or caufe to be (hipped in any (hip, boat, cray loured, car. or vefiel, any white woolen cloth above the value of iv. li. or ned over the ■ any coloured cloth abdve the value of iij. li. unrowed, unbarbed [^be wned or unihom, to the intent to be conveyed into the parts beyond may t*.	*

the fea, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame cloth or cloths, or 3 H. 7. c. u. the value thereof, the fame forfeiture to be recovered in such * c. 6. planner agd form as is aforementioned.	10 Ann# Ci

CAP. XX.

flow treafon committed by a lunatick JhaU be punifhed, and in what manner he shall be tried.

FORASMUCH as fometime fome persons, being accufed of high 3 Inft. 5,6,19, treafons, have, after they have been examined before the King’s *,4»*,5* jnajefly’s council, confeffed their offences of high treafon, and yet never-thelefs after the doing of their treafons, and examinations and con-	p|jw

feffions thereof, as is aforesaid, have fallen to madnefs or lunacy, c# I0> whereby the condign pmijbment of their treafons, were they never fo notable and detejiable, hath been deferred, fpared and delayed; and whether their madnefs or lunacy by them outwardly Jhewed were of truth, or fdfly contrived and counterfeited, it is a thing almoft im-fofftble certainly to judge and try; be it therefore enacted by au* thority of this present parliament (to avoid all finifter, coun«r terfeit and falfe practices and imaginations that may be ufed for pxcufe of punifhment of high treafons, in such cafes where they be done or committed by any person or persons of good, perfedt and whole memory at the time of such their offences) that if any person or persons have done or committed, or hereafter shall do or commit any high treafons, when they were in good, .whole and perfedt memory, and after their accufation, examination and confefiion thereof before any the King’s ma-jetty’s council, shall happen to fall to madnefs or lunacy, that yet neverthelefs if it shall appear by the teftimony of four of the King’s council, or more, that such persons, at the time of fioing their treafon, and at the time of their accufation, examination an<) confefiion thereof, were of good, perfedt and whole

H 4	memory.

Coowiftion.

Teftimony.

Inquiry,

Judgment.

Anno tric^fimo tertio Henrici Vltl. [i 541.

memory, and then not mad nor lunatick, but fince that time fallen to madnefs or lunacy, and To certified into the Kinefs chancery by writing fubferibed with the names of four of me said council, or mo; that then, in every such cafe, the King’s majesty’s commiffion of Oyer and Determiner of the treafons shall be awarded out of the said chancery, under his highness great feal, into such (hire and place, and to such persons, as it ftall ple^fe the King’s mod royal majesty to limit and appoint, in which commiffion shall be (pecially mentioned an4 exprefled the names of such person or persons, who shall happen to be accufed and examined oftreafon before any the King’s majestyls Council, as is aforesaid, and an exprefs mention, that by the teftimony of four of the King’s council, such person and persons fo accufed or examined of treafon, were of good, perfect and whole memory at the time of committing their offences, and at the time of their accufation, examination and confeffiori thereof, and that fince that time they become mad or lunatick; by virtue of which commiffion, ttye commiffioners limited by the fame commiffion shall have power and authority to inquire of the treafons done by such persons, by the inhabitants or freeholders of the (hire where such commiffion shall he directed to, wherefbevqr tfye said treafons were done or committed ; and Jf such person or persons aforesaid shall happen to be indicted of high treafon, then the said commiffioners, without the per-fonal appearance or alignment of such person pr persons fo indi&ed, shall caufe the (heriffor his ministers, or other having authority to return procefs of such cafes, to return a panel before them of fufficient and lawful freeholders of the (hire where such persons shall be indicted, for the trial of their treafons contained in their indictment; and after the return of the panel and appearance of the jury, the said commiffioners, in the ab-fence of the said person or persons indiCted being mad or lunatick, without any arraignment, anfwer or plea to the indictment, shall fwear twelve of such of the said jury as shall be returned before them, to try whether the person or persons *n-diCted be guilty of the treafons contained in the indictment, or bf any of them, or not guilty, caufing only the indictment to be read to the said jury, and after the reading thereof caufe and fuffer upon evidence to be given to the jury, as well for the King as for the party, touching the treafons, contained in the indi&ment, as to their diferetions shall feem convenient; whereupon the jury shall be bound to give their verdiCt according to their evidence, as if the persons indicted had been prefent, arraigned and pleaded to the fame: and if it shall happen such person or persons, fo indi&ed, to be found guilty by the said jury fo charged to try such treafons, that then the offenders of such treafons fo found guilty, shall have such judgment, and fuffer such pains of death, forfeitures of lands* goods, chattels and all other things, as is commonly limited in cafes of high treafon, and as if such persons had been of good and whole memory, and perfonally present arraigned and pleaded to their indieft-•	£	meat,

 

I54i*] Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VlII.

ment, and had been found guilty thereof; their madnefs or lunacy, or their abfence, non-arraigment, or not pleading to the find indictment, in any wife not letting nor withftanding.

Provided alway, and be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That if any of the peers of this realm shall happen to be iccufed and examined of high treafon before any of the King’s council, and do confefs the fame, and afterward fall to madnefc or lunacy, as is aforesaid, that then such treafons done and committal by any peer of this realm, and by him or her co'nfefled upon examination thereof before any the King’s council, as is aforesaid, and their confefiions, if they can write, fubfcribed with their names, shall be enquired of by virtue of the King'k commiflion of Oier and Determiner, to be awarded in manner and form above rehearfed: and if they shall happen to be in-di&ed of high treafon by virtue of such commiflion, yet netfer-thelefs their trial shall be always had by their peers before the high fteward otEnglandy to be afligned by the King's highness; and that the high fteward to be afligned oy the King’s majesty, in every such cafe, shall have the tecom of the indictment brought to him, and shall caufe to be fummoned to appear before him the peers of the realm, as hath been accuftomed, at a day, and place by the said high fteward to be limited, at whicn day and place the said high fteward, after the appearance of the peers before him, having the record of the said indictment before Kim, (hall, in the abfence of the person indicted, which shall happen to be mad or lunatick, as is aforesaid, and, without his or her arraignment or pleading to the indictment, caufe the said indictment to be read to the peers, and in their prefence caufe to be declared by his difcretion all manner of evidence and witnefs touching the treafons contained in the said indictment, and afterward charge the said peers, upon their faiths and duties of allegiance that they owen to the King’s majesty, to try whether the person indited be guilty of the treafons contained in the indictments, or any of them, or not guilty $ and if they shall find him or her guilty, that then such judgment, execution and forfeitures shall be had, made and done, as if tuch person indicted had been of good memory, and personally present arraigned and pleaded to the said indictment, and had been found guilty of the treafons therein contained ; the mad-hefs or lunacy of such person in such cafes as is aforeiaid not-jpithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority of this present parliament. That if any person or persons (nail happen to be'attainted and convicted of high treafon by authority of parliament, or by the due courfeof the common laws or statutes of this realm, and afterwards fall to madnefs or lunacy, that yet neverthelefs they shall have and fuffer execution (their madnefs or lunacy notwithstanding) and that if any person or persons shall be attainted of high treafon by the courle of the common laws or statutes of this realm, that in every such cafe every such kttaiqder by the common law shall be of as good ftrength, * '	value,



Peers*

Trial.

Judgment.

Attainder of treafon by the common law shall be of as good force as by aft of parliament.

\ St % Ph. Sc M. c. 10. f. g# Hob. 340.

% Roll. 3411 3437$, 411.

  Google

jo6

Godb. 305.

9 Co. ft. 10. Cro. Car. 417. Hob. 347.

Hob. *41.

1 Leon. at. Moor 311. A faving of the right of others, a Mod. 133.

Ibis aft is not in tbe roll

Step, t Ed. 6. C. it. be y M. fefT. t.c. 1.

The King's *flcm to aft*

Anno triccfimo tertio Henmcj VIII. [1541*

value, force and effedt, as if it had been done by authority of parliament; (2) and that the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, shall have as much benefit and advantage, by such attainder, as we 11 of ufes, rights, entries, conditions, as poflef* lions, reverhons, remainders, and all other things, as if it had been done and declared by authority of parliament, (3) and shall be deemed and adjudged in aaual and real pofiemon of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, ufes, goods, chattels, and all other things of the offenders fo attainted, which his Higlv nefs ought lawfully to have, and which they fo being attainted ought or might lawfully lofe and forfeit, it the attainder had been done by authority of parliament, without any office or in-quifition to oe found of the fame ; any law, ftatute, or ufe of this realm to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III. Saving to all and every person and persons, and bodiqt politick, and their heirs, affigns and fucceffors, and every of them (other than such person and persons which hereafter mail be attainted of high treafon, and their heirs and affigns, and every of them, and all and every other person and persons claimmgby them, or any of them, or to their ufes, or to the ufes of. any of them, after the said treafons committed) all such right, title, ufer poffeffion, entry, reverfions, remainders, in-terefts, conditions, fees, offices, rents, annuities, commons, leafes, and all o)ther commodities, profits and hereditaments whatfoever they or any of them (hould, might, or qught to have had, if this adk had never been had pe made.

CAP. XXI.

Queen Katharine and her complices attainted of high treafon.

Queen Katharine attainted of treafon, for her incontinent life, and her complices; and all their lands and tenements, goods; and chattels shall be forfeit to the King. It shall be lawful for any of the King’s fubjedb, if themfelves do perfectly know, br by vehement prefumption do perceive, any wili^ adt, or condition of lightnefs or body in her which (nail be the Queen of this realm, to difcloie the fame to the King, or fome of his council; but they shall not openly blow it abroad, or whifper it, until it be divulged by the King or his council. If the King, or any of bis fucceflbrs, shall marry a woman which was before incontinent, if (he conceal the fame, it shall be high treafon ; and fo shall it be in any other knowing it, and not revealing it to the King, or one of his council^ before the said marriage, or within twenty days after. If the Queen, or wife of the Pripce, shall by writing, meflage, words, tokens, or otherwife, move any other to have carnal knowledge with them, or any others shall movq either of them to that end, then in the offender it shall be adjudged high treafon.

III. Be it declared by authority of this present parliament. That the King’s roy%I ^ffept by his letters patent under hi$

great

 

Google

i54*«] Anno tricefimo tcrtio Henrici VIII.	107

great leal, and figned with his hand, and declared and notified of parliament in his abfence to the lords fpiritual and temporal, and to the by his letters commons, ailembled together in the high houfe, is and ever P*tents* was of as good ftrength and force, as though the King’s per-Ion had been there perfonaliy prefent, and had aflented openly and publickly to the fame.

IV. And be it also cna&ed, That this royal aflent, and all other royal afients hereafter to be fo given by the Kings df this realm, and notified as is aforesaid, shall be taken and reputed good and effectual to all intents and purposes, without doubt or ambiguity ; any custom or ufe to the contrary not* withftanding, &c.

CAP. XXII.

The authority of the officers of the court of wards and liveries, 4 Inft. 13S. flat. 32 Hen. 8. cap, 46. with feveral explanations and mo* Rep- ** Car.*, derations.	c# **•

CAP. XXIIL An a& to proceed by commiffion of Oyer and Terminer againft fucb persons as Jhall confefs treafon, &c. without remanding the fame to be tried in the /hire where the offence was committed.

FORASMUCH as divers andfetndry persons, upon great grounds The incon-of vehement fufpicions, as well of high treafon, petty treafon, veniencies enrol mfprifims of treafon, as of murders be many times fent for from divers /hires and places of this realm, and other the King's dominions, ™ns U the Kings maiejlfs great charges and expences, to be examined be- of treafon, &c, fore the King's highness council upon their offences, to the intent that to be tried in conviction or declaration of such persons Jhould fpeedily enjue, as the th* cou”tlcs merits of their cafes Jhould require: (2) and albeit that after great ^jjded.^ travel taken in the examinations of such persons, it appear to the Jaid	**

council by confeffion, witnefs, or vehement fufpeCt, that such persons it rather guilty of such offences whereof they be fo examined, than otberwife; yet neverthelejs such offenders, fo examined, by the courfe of the common law of this realm, ntujl be indicted within the Jhires or places where they committed their offences, and also tried by the in* habitants or freeholders of fucb /hires and places, alf hough by their confefions, or fufficient witnefs, their offences be certainly known to the .

Kings council\ (3) by reafon whereof befidethe travel and fains of the .King's majejiys council in such cafes, the King's highness is oftentimes put to great charges and expences, in remanding such persons to the countries where they offended, there to be indicted and tried of their 1fences-, (4) and fometime the inhabitants and freeholders of the /hires or places where such offences were done, be compelled to appear out of their /hires and places for such caufes, to their great charges, for the trial or declaration of such offences ; (5) and fometime, by occafion of the charges for remanding of such offenders to be indicted and tried by the courfe of the common law, such offenders lie Jlill in prifon, and be forgotten, whereby many times, by help of their confederates, they tftqpo unpuni/bed, to the great courage and eyil example of evil-doers:

(6) be

  Google

xoS

Cafes of trea-fan, See.which may be tried in any county by the King's Commiflion. i Anderf.104. 3 Inft. 17.

Sari! 57. Challenge for want of freehold.

j^Anderf. 1 oy-

Trial by peers. No oerempto-17 Aallenge in high trea-fon or mif-prifion of treafon.

Dyer 131,186. it Co.63.

3 Inft. 17. Altered by 1 &1PH.&M. c. xo.

$ R. t. c. 2. 13 H. 4. c. 1.

Anno triccfimo tcrdo Henrici VIII.	[ 1541.'

(6) be it therefore enaCted by the King our fovereign lord, and by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That if any person or persons being examined before the King’s council, or three of them, upoo any manner of trea-fons, mifprifions of treafons, or/murders, do confefs any such offences, or that the said council, or three of them, upon such examination, shall think any person fo examined to be vehe-< mently fufpe&ed of any treafon, mifprifions of treafons or murder 3 that then in every such cafe, by the King’s commandment, his Majesty’s commiflion of Oyer and Terminer, under his Highnefs great leal, shall be made by the chancellor of England to such persons, and into such (hires or places, as shall be named and. appointed by the King’s highness, for the fpeedy trial, conviction or delivery of such offenders; (7) which com-miflioners shall have power and authority to enquire, hear and determine all such treafons, mifprifions of treafons arid murders, within the (hires and places limited by their commiflion, by such good and lawful persons as shall be returned before them by the Ineriff or his minifter, or any other having power to return writs and procefs for that purpose, in whatfoever other (hire or place within the King’s dominions, or without, such offences; of treafons, mifprifions of treafons or murders fo examined were done or committed, and that in such cafes no challenge for the (hire or hundred shall be allowed.

II.	Provided that upon the trial of such treafons, mifprifioefe of treafons, and murders, the challenge to any juror, for lack of freehold of the yearly value of forty (hillings, shall be allowed as hath been accuftomed.

III.	Provided alfo. That if any the peers of the realm shall happen to be indicted of any the offences afbrefeid, by virtue of any such commiflion to be granted by authority of this aCfc, yet neverthelefs they shall have their trial by peers, in like manner and formas heretofore hath beenufed; any thing in this aCt contained, or any thing to be done by virtue thereof, in any wife notwithstanding. (2) and it is oraained and enaCt-ed by authority ^forefaid. That peremptory challenge shall not from henceforth be admitted or allowed m any cafes of high treafon, nor mifprilion of high treafon.

CAP. XXIV.

Jin aft that none/ball be juflice pf affife in bis own country,&c.

WHERE in the parliament hMen in the eighth year of King Richard the Second, it was euafled, ordained and ejlahhfbcd, That no man learned in the laws of this realm fhonld from thenceforth be juflice of affife in the country where he dwelletb; (2) and that the chief juflice of the common place jbould be from thenceforth afftgned, among other juflices, to the taking of the said ojfifes ; (3) but as to the chief juflice of the Kings bench, there should be done and uftd as hath been ufed for the mojl part by the Jpace of one hundred years next before, as by the said aft more it large it doth and may appear: (4)

pipe

  CiOOQle

1541.] Ahno tricefimo tertio HfcfcRici VIII.	*00

fime the making of tubkh said good ail and law, divers jujlices and 1*he reafons ^

men learned in the laws of this realm, by their own means, indujhp for making dr

and polity, and for their own commodity and eafey have obtained, con*	ftatutc*

frwy to the form of the said ail,	be jujlices of ajfifes in the corn-*

tries and counties where they were born or were inhabiting, whereby

feme jealoujy of their affeiiion and favour toward their kindfmen,

alliance arid friends within the laid countries or counties where they

were fa bom or inhabiting, hath been conceived and had againjl them

by the Kings mojl loving Jubjeils of the fame countries and counties:

II.	For reformation whereof, the King's moft loving fubjefts and the commons in this present parliament aftembled, moft humbly befeech and defire the King’s majesty, atid that it may be enafted by the King’s majesty, with tne aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by authority of the fame, That no No man shall juftice nor other man learned in the laws of this realm* shall b®. juftiee of at any time from or after the feaft of Eafter next coming, ufe countv'where nor exercife the office of juftice of affile within any county he was bom where the said juftice was bom or doth inhabit, (a) upon pain or doth dwdl. to forfeit for every offence done contrary to the form of this Explained by present aft, one hundred pounds; the moiety whereof to be to ** Gco* *• our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to c#

the party that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts, by bill, plaint, information, action of ftebt or otherwife, in the which fuit no proteftion, efloin, ny'Vager of law shall be admitted nor allowed.

III.	Provided alway, and be it further enafted by the au- This statute thority aforefeid, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, ^bnot^ex-(hall not extend, be conftrued or interpreted, to touch or con-

cem any person or persons that now are, or hereafter shall be, clerk or clerks of affifes, and shall be affociate to any juftice of affile, of or in any county, city or town, within this realm of England, wherein the fame person or persons, clerk or clerks To aflociate, do dwell or were born; (2) but that all and every clerk and clerks of affifes, which now do exercife or occupy, or herdafter shall exercife or ocupy any office of clerkfhip of affifes,

(hall and may exercife and occupy tne fame in any county, city or town, wherein the feme clerk or clerks of affifes do dwell or were bom5 any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided alfo. That thefe terms, jujlices of affifes y or other Officers of ci-perfms learned in the laws of this realmy shall not extend or in *ies °r corpo-any wife be interpreted to any mayors, (heriffs, recorders,ratc town#* stewards, bailiffs, fewters or other officers, being bom or dwelling within any city, borough or town within this realm of Eng-

Lmdj but that they may be justices of affifes of frelh force, or of other affifes in the fame city, borough or town where lie or they do or shall dwell, or were born, as they or any of them before this time have or might have been, to all intents and pur-pofes; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwith-Handing,

V.	Pro-

iio	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Henrici VIII. [1541%

T^fticc* of V. Provided always. That this a6f, nor any thing therein both benches. contained, shall be prejudicial to any juft ice or justices of the one bench or the other, for taking, hearing or determining, aflifes in the (aid courts, in the one bench or the other, nor to any juftice that shall take any adife by or upon adjournment for difficulty of the fame.

No clerk of af.	VI. Provided alway, and be it enafted, That any clerk of

^unfcfwkh^ a^e during the only time of the feffion of or for any affile or anyDperfbn in a®fes, or of or for any niji prius> shall not be of counfel with that circuit. any person or persons within any circuit whereof he shall be clerk of affile, otherwife than to that office only appertaineth*

(2)	upon pain to forfeit for every time offending contrary to this ftatute, ten pounds ; the one moiety thereof to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to the party grieved, to be fued in any of the King’s courts of record, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, in which fuit no effoin, protection, wager of law, or other dilatory plea, shall be admitted or allowed.

The indices, VII. Provided also, and be it ertaded by the authority afofe-juftite clerk*, faid, That this ad or any thing therein contained, extend not clerini of unto juftices, juftice clerks, or clerk of aflifes, within • our county of fovereign lord the King’s duchy and county palatine of Lan-Lancaftcr.	cafter, nor to any of them that now be, or hereafter shall be ;

but that the fame juftices, juftice clerks, and clerk, and every of them, shall and may execute their offices, and every of them,* in such manner ana form as they, or any of them, have ufed to do before the making of this present ad; this ad or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftand*-ing.

CAP. XXV.

The children of Thomas Points, William Cajlelin apd John Dimr mock, born beyond the fea, shall be reputed natural fubjeds, and enabled to enjoy land by defcent or purchafe, to fue and be fued.

,	CAP.	XXVI.

A repeal of certain fraudulent deeds, eftate9, wills and conveyances made by Sir John Shelton, of lands in Norfolk and Suf* folk, to defeat the King and others of wanKhip, primer feifin, relief, fcfr. and he adjudged to die feifed of such eftate in thofe lands, as he was before the said conveyances made.

CAP. XXVII.

The hill for leafes of bofpitals, colleges % and other corporations.

leafetof bof- A LB ElT that by the common laws of this realm of England, lewd w^th ■ affent*> eltttionsy grants and leafes had> made and granted content*of the h	warden,	provojf,	mafery prefident, or other governor of

more part. ony cathedral churchy hofpitaU college or other corporation, by what-Dyer	fosver name they be incorporate or founded^ with the offent and confcnt



*>•



 

Google

Ill

1541.] Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII.

if the mere or greater part of their chapiter, fellows or brethren of Jucb corporation, having voices of ajfent thereunto, be as good and effectual in the law to the grantees and lejfees of the fame, as if the re~ fidue or the whole number of such chapiter, fellows and brethren of such corporation „ having voices of pjfent* baa thereunto confentedjmd agreed: (2) yet the said common laws notwitkjianding, divers founders of such deanries* hofpitals, colleges and corporations within the said realm, have upon the foundation and ejlablijbment of the fame deanries, hof-pitahy colleges and other corporations, ejlablijhea and made, amongjl other their peculiar ads* local Jlatutes and ordinances* that if any one of such corporation, having power or authority to ajfent or difajfent*

Jbould and would deny any such grant or grants, that then no such leafs, election or grant Jhould be had, granted or leafed \ and for the performance of the fame, every person having power of ajfent to the fmey have been ana be daily thereunto jworn, and fo the refidue may not proceed to the perfection of such elections, grants and leafs, according' to the courfe of the common laws of this realm, unlefs they Jbould incur the danger of perjury: (3) For the avoiding whereof* and for the due execution of the common law univerally within this realm, and every place, in one conformity of reafon to be tried; be it ordained, eftabliflhed and enacted, by the authority of this present parliament, That all and every peculiar adl, or- in corporati-der, rule and eftatute heretofore made or hereafter to be made by on* none shall any founder or founders of any hofpital, college, deanry or havea nega-‘other corporation, at or upon the foundation of any such hofpi- Uve vwcc*< tal, college, deanry or corporation, whereby the grant, leafe, rift or election of the governor or ruler of such hofpital, college, deanry or other corporation, with the aflent of the more part of such of the fame hofpital, college, deanry or corporation, as have or shall have voice of aflent to the fame, at the time of such grant, leafe, gift, or eledlion hereafter to be made, should be in any wife hindred or let by any one or mo, being the lefler number of such corporation, contrary to the form, order and courfe of the common law of this realm of Englandy shall be from henceforth clearly fruftrate, void and of none effedfc; (4) An oath shall and that all oaths heretofore taken by any person or persons of be obfenr-fuch hofpital, college, deanry and other corporation, shall be, for and concerning the obfervance of any such order, eftatute t0 ^ or rule, deemed void and of none effedt; (5) and that from ftatute* henceforth ho manner person or persons of any such hofpital, college, deanry or other corporation, shall be in any Wife compelled to take any oath for the obferving of any such order, eftatute or rule, (6) upon the pain of every person fo giving such oath, to forfeit for every time fo offending, five pounds ; the one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of ourfovereign lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to any of the King’s, fub-jedb which will fue for the fame in any the King's courts of record, by atftion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife;; wherein the defendant shall not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protediion nor efToin, or any other dilatory plea admitted or allowed.

CAP.

Anno triccfimo tcrtio Henrici VlH.

[•*541'

None qf the fol-lowing afts of this thirty-third year are on the rod.

ai H. 8. c. 13.

The chancel* lor of Lancafter, See. may retain chaplains.

Certain per-fons which may retain one chaplain x having a benefice with cure of fouls, that may be abfent from his benefice.

Thefe chaplains mutt lometimes re-iort to their cure.



w*

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the chancellor of the duchy of Lancafter, and others, td have chaplains.

TO the King our fovereign lord. Where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the one and twentieth year of your mojft gracious reign, it was amongjl other things ordained and provided» That certain honourable personsy and other of your Highnefs counfel-lors and officeri, as well fpiritual as temporal, Jhould and might have chaplains beneficed with cure, to ferve and attend upon them in their houfeSy (2) which chaplains Jhould not incur the danger of any penalty or forfeiture made or declared in the fame parliament for non~refidence upon their said benefices, or for obtaining licences or difpenfations of pluralities, (3) in which aft is no provtficn made for any the head officers of your Grace’s fever al courts of your duchy	Lancafter, the

courts of augmentations of the revenues of your Highnefs crown, the firJl-fruits and tenths, the majler of your Majefiys wards and liveries, the general furveyors of your Grace’s lands, and other your Graces courts.

II. In confideration whereof, it may please your Majesty that it may be enaCted by your Highnefs, with the affent or the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the chancellor of the said court of the duchy of Lancafter, the chancellor of your Highnefs court of augmentations, the chancellor of your Grace’s court of firft-fruits and tenths, the mailer of your Highnefs wards and liveries, and every of your Grace’s general furveyors of your Highnefs lands, the treafurer of your Grace’s chamber, the treafurer of your Highnefs court of augmentations, and the groom of your Grace’s Hole, and every of them for the time being, shall and may retain Angularly to every of them in his houfe, or attendant unto his perfon, one chaplain having one benefice with cure of fouls, which may be abfent from the said benefice, and non-refident upon the lame; the said eftatute made in the said twenty-firft year of your moft gracious reign, or any other eftatute, a<5t or ordinance made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	Provided alway, and be it enabled by authority afore-faid, That every of the said chaplains fo being beneficed as aforesaid, and dwelling with any the officers afore named, shall perfonally repair two times in every year at the lead to his said benefice and cure, and there to tarry and abide by the fpace of eight days at every such time at the lead, to vifit and inftrudt his said cure, (2) upon the pain to forfeit for eveiy time fo failing, xl. s. the one moiety thereof to the King our lovereign lord, the other to luch as will fue for the fame by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of the King’s courts of record, in which fuit no cll'oia, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

CAP.

e,u .... S

254*•] Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII-	*	13

CAP. XXIX*

Religious persons which were removed from one corporation 31 H. S« c. 6* to another, enabled to inherit, purchafe, fue and be fued. 3 Co- 74-

CAP. XXX.

All leafes, grants and other writings to be made by the bifhop of Coventry and Lichfield for the time being, in writing under bis leal, of any his lands, offices, fees, fcfr. and confirmed by the dean and chapter of Liclfield in writing under their chapter feal, shall be good in law to bind in fuccellion the fucceflors of the said bimop: (2) and the dean'and chapter of Lichfield lhall be for ever the entire and foie chapter of the said bi-(hoprick of Coventry and Lichfield, whereof the prior and covent of the diffolved priory of Coventry were heretofore the moiety or half part.

CAP. XXXI.

The dioCefe of Chefier, and the diocefe of Man in the Hie of Afdftj shall be united to the province and archbiftioprick of York, and shall be diflevered from the archbifhoprick of Can-terbury...

CAP* XXXII*

The church of Whitegate in the county of ChefieY shall be a parifh church of itfelf, and no part of the parifli of Otter*

(2) There shall be a vicar there to be named by the King, hft. which lhall have perpetual fucceflion, and be called vicar* of the parilh church of our bleffed Lady the Virgin of White* gate* and by that name shall fue and be fuecL

CAP* XXXIII*

A repeal of the statute of 27 H. 8. t. 3. concerning exa&ions taken by the mayor of Kingfton upon Hull; but it shall be lawful for the mayor there and his officers to take of all fifherihen - v for every last of herrings of every person privileged, *x. d. and for every hundred of falt-filh, iv. d. and for every last of fprats, viij. d. And every person not privileged, for every last of herrings, ij. s. iv. d. and for every hundred of falt-filh, iv. d. and for every last of fprats, vii. d. as they did before 5®*	&	J*

the said ftatute*

CAP. XXXlV-

A revocation of two fairs or marts, which the King by his fetters patents, dated feptimo die Marti/, anno 29. of nis reign, granted unto the mayor and burgefles of King's Lynn in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XXXV.

The mayor of the city of GtoceJIer, and the dean of the cathc-* dral church there, may convey water in pipes of lead, gutters and trenches, from Marftones Hill\ and from time to time repair them, fatisfying the owners of the ground there for the digging thereof*

You V*	I	CAP,

  v^ooQle

114.	Anno	tricefimo	tertio Henrici VIII. [i541.

CAP. XXXVI. '

An a<51 for repairing of Canterbury, Rochejler, Stampford, and di* vers other towns.

C A P. XXXVII.

The honour of All manors, parks, meltuages, lands, tenements, fites of mo-Anipthill. nafteries and other hereditaments of the King’s, lying in the towns and parities of Ampthill, Milbroon, Fleetwick, Maulden, Stipingley, Wejloning, Houghton, Conge/}, Wijbamfted, LHtthng-Hujbondcrauley, Rigemond cum Sagono, Afphy, Geys, C&/>-A/7/, Cayrno, Shefford, Cranfeid, Pollox-hill, Harlington, Lading-ton, Barton, Shitlington, Chalgrave, Marifion, Wooburn, Ever-Jhall, Milton, Brain, Warden, Elftow, Caudewell, Don 't)}able, Salford, Halcoote, Bedford', Wotton, Kempjion, and the manor of Colmeworth in the county of Bedford, or elfe in the hamlets, towns or parities of Newport-Pannel, Tikforth, Molfo, Gra/ Lid forth. Little Lidforth, Stewfrley, Little BrickhilL, Baw Brick-hill, Wavingdon, North Crauley and Swanbume in the county of Buckingham, shall be perpetually annexed to the manor of Ampthill, and be taken as parcel or the fame manor * and the /	fame manor, with the other manors, lands, shall be

called the Honour of Ampthill, which honour shall be within the order and furvey of the court of augmentations.

CAP. XXXVIII.

•rt^horioufof The King’s hundreds of Wimberjley and Alfords How, and his Grafton.	forefts of Whittlewood and Sawcey, and his chafes of Yardley

and JVhaddon, and all his manors, parks, fites of monafteries, lands* tenements and hereditaments, lying within the towns, hamlets and parifhes of Grafton, Hartwell, AJhton, Rood, Cort-nall, Alderton, S/0&, Brewem, Shit til-anger, Shorefley, worth, Milton, Mallefworth, Tiffeild, Pallifpery, Tojfetour, fra, Hulcot, Abthotp, Fofcot, Greinfnorton, Blackejley, Wooden, Colcbigham, Grimfcot, Parfet, Efcot, Afcot, Dalefcot, Bugbroke, RuddJ/lrip, Collingthrigh, Harding [ion, Wotton, Quinton, Slop-ton, Denfanger, Yardley, Potterjpery, Furthoo, Cofgrove, Caftle AJhby, Wiken, and Delaprey in the county of Northampton, and in the haml&ts, towns and parifhes of Lujfeild, Hanfap, Ca/ile-Thorp, Har/bam, Shenley„ Little Harwood, Snelfoo, and Little Lidforth in the county of Buckingham, and elfewhere within the realm of England, belonging or appertaining to any manors or hundreds, lying or being in any of the towns or parifhes above mentioned, shall be annexed to the manor of Grafton; and thefaid manors and other the premiffes shall be called perpetually the Honour of Grafton, and shall be in the order and furvey of the court of augmentations ; faving fo much thereof as is within the duchy of Lancajler, or epun* ty palatine of Lancafler.

  ^.ooQle

CAP,

IJ41 • 3 Anna tricefimo tertio HenricI Vllt.	z	i$

CAP, XXXIX.

The ercBion of the court of furveyors of the King's lands* the names of the officers there, and their authority.

The court of the general furveyors of the King’s lands shall be 4 Inft. i%ti a court of record, and shall nave a privy feal, of which court lhall be officers, the King’s general furveyors, a treafurer* viz, the treafurer of the King’s chamber for the time being,

. an *attomey, the mafter of the woods, auditors, receivers, a clerk of the court, an ufher, a meflenger; their feveral oaths, duties and authorities. All lands only mentioned in a fchi^ule,’Altered 1M* figned or to be figned with the King’s fign manual, shall be feir* 2t c‘ l°m in order and governance of the said court.

L. And where divers and sundry obligations end fpecialties here- 7 Co. 19, ao> Ufore have been made to divers persons, part of them to the ufe of **.

.King Henry the Seventh, father of our now mojl gracious fovereign krdy and part of them to the ufe and behoof of our said now fovereign lord * (2) Be it enabledvby the King our fovereign lord, with the ailent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fatiae, That all obligations and fpecialties* Godb. 189. pk which after the first day of May next coming shall be made for 41*; any caufe or caufes touching or in any wife concerning the ^prerog.71* King’s mod royal majesty, or his heirs, or to his or their ufe, obligations commodity or behoof, shall be made to his highness, and to his made to the heirs, Kings* in his or their name or names, by thefe words, King shall be Domino regi, and to none other person or persons to his ufe, and JJ. to be paid to his Highnefs by th£fe words* Solvent eidem domino ^pie and barer? y vel executoribus fuiss with other words ufed and ac- shall be made cuftomed in common obligations; (3) and that all such obliTDomino regi* gations and fpecialties fo to be made, shall be good and effectual fc&14Car.i* in the law to all purposes and intents* and shall be of the fame I*	4	k

nature, kind, quality, force and effedt* to all intents and pur- * pofcs, as the writings obligatory taken and knowledged acccfrd-ing to the statute of the ftaple at Weftminfer hath at any time betorethe making of this prefertt adt been taken* ufed, exer-cifed, and executed againft any lay person or persons; any law* usage or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LI. And that all such obligations and fpecialties, the debt who shall whereof not being paid nor contented in the life of the King, have the shall come, remain, and be to the heirs or executors of the King’s (pedal* King, at the free liberty, difpofition, affignment, and appoint- *lcs ^ ment of the fame King, to whom such obligations or fpecialties dca * shall be made, as is aforesaid. And if any person or persons, in his or their own proper person or persons, after the said first day offlfay, make or take any obligation or obligations to the ufe of the King’s majesty, or of his heirs, Kings, N otherwise than is before exprefled; that then such person or persons only, that shall fo offend contrary to this present adt, for his or their fo doing shall haYf and fuffer such imprifonment, as iliall be

I a	'	affefled

ii 6	Anno tricefimo tertio Hrnrjci VIII. [1541*

afleflcjd and adjudged by the King, or his moft fionourablc council daily attendant upon his Highnefs moft royal perfon.

All (hits for LII. Ana that all fuits to be made after the first day of April the King’s next COming, for the recovery of or for any the King’s debts* hbimnn^ne! *n any °f# tne King’s courts mentioned in this aft, of or upon * Leon. 33,90. any obligation or fpecialty dated or delivered before the making of this present aft, or which shall be dated and delivered to the King, or to his ufe, afore the fecond day of May next coming, shall be taken, fued and purfued in the name of the King, and in the name of none other person or persons, to whatioevef person or persons the said obligations or fpecialties, or any of them be, have been, or shall be made to the King’s ufe.

Procefs, iudg- L1II. And that all fuits, procefs, judgments, decrees, and ment and exe-executions hereafter to be taken, purfued, or given for the ^dontbrthe King in any the King’s courts mentioned in this aft, of or up-thenatureof* on anY	^atne	obliKati°ns kft afore mentioned, shall be of

♦ the statute the fame or like ftrengtli, force, effeft and intent in the law ftaple.	to all purposes* only againft all and all manner such person and

perfons as been bound In such obligations or fpecialties, as well Spiritual as temporal, as againft their heirs, fucceflors, executors 4	and adminiftrators, and every of them, and againft none other,

as writings obligatory taken and acknowledged according to the statute of the ftaple at IVeJlminfter, at any time before the making of this present aft, have been ufed to be taken, exercifed, and executed againft any lay person or persons.

Thefcirig Jit LIV. And that the king in all fuits hereafter to be taken in all fuits for of Upon any obligation or fpecialties’ made or hereafter to be debt shall re- rnade to the King, or any to his ufe, shall have and recover a^damaas his juft debts, colts and damages, as other common persons ufe ^ * to do in fuits and purfuits for their debts. (2) And that all such fuits as ilow be depending in the name of any common person to his Grace’s ufe, whereof no verdift is, or before the feaft of Eajler next coming shall be given or pafled, or no exigent awarded, shall abate, be void, and of none effeft; and neverthelefs the King, by the authority aforesaid, shall have his fuit and remedy for the said debt fo being in action and procefs, in form as is aforesaid, in any of the courts in this aft mentioned; any thing in this aft to the contraiy thereof notwithstanding.

Suits for the LV. And it is further enacted by the authority abovefaid* King’i debts That all and every fuit and fuits, which hereafter (nail be had, , lha11 bVh*thC	or taken °f* for or uPon any debt or duties, which here-

theyfhall be* tofore hath grown or been due, or that hereafter shall grow or due.	be due to the King, in the feveral offices and courts of his ex-

Crompt. Jurif. chequer, duchy of Laneqfler> augmentations of the revenues of ,o6,	his crown, furveyors general of his manors, lands and tene-

ments, maftef of the wards and liveries, and court of the firft-fruits and tenths, or in any of them, or by reafon or authority of any of them, shall be feverally fued in (uch one of the (aid courts and offices, in the which-court and office, or by reafon of the which court and office, the fame debt or duty did first grow or become to he due, or hereafter (lull grow or become

due>

 

I541*] « Anno triccfimo tertio Henrici. VIIL	117	'

due, or in the which office or court the recognjfance, obligation, or fpecialty is or shall be or remain. (2) And every such feveral Procefs that fuit and fuits shall be made in every of the said feveral offices ^}1 be award-and courts, under the feveral feals of the said feveral courts, fev^i courts by Capias, Extendi facias, Subpoena, attachments and proclama- for the recove- ‘ dons of allegiance, if need (hail require, or any of them, or ry of the otherwife, as unto the said feveral courts shall be thought by King's debts, their difcretions expedient for the fpeedy recovery of the King’s debts.	*

LVI. And that the said court of exchequer* and all and every of the said courts, shall have whole and full authority and power to hear and determine all and every such fuit and fuits as hereafter shall be taken, commenced and purfued for the intent above fpecified, and thereupon to award, make and do execution by and upon the body, lands and goods of the party or parties that shall be fo condemned accordingly.

LVTL And also shall have full power and authority to hear Theauthoritv and determine all and all manner of debts, detinues, trefpaffes, of the courts accompts, reckonings, waftes, deceits, negligences, defaults, of exchequer, contempts, complaints, riots, quarrels, fuits, ftrifes, contro- '?ar{*8 and verfies, forfeitures, offences, and other things whatfoever they uc ihall be, which hereafter shall grow, be moved, ftirred, procured, purfued or arise, in, for or upon any matter, caufe or other thing affigned, committed or appointed, or hereafter to be affign-ed, committed or appointed to the feveral directions, orders and governances of the fame courts, or any of them, or for or upon any manner of thing or things which may or shall touch, or in any ways concern the fame wherein the King shall be only party ; (2) and also all manner of dates for term of years between party and party concerning the premiffes; (3) and tp corre<5t and puni(h by their difcretions all and every person and persons, which before them shall be convi&ed of any of the pre-miffes, according to the nature, quality and quantity of his or their offence or offences, caufe or caufes, matter or matters, all and all manner of treafons, murders, felonies, eftates, rights, titles and interefts, as well of inheritance as of freehold, other than jointures for term of life only excepted and always referved.

.LVIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Tide pretend* if any person of persons lhall make or pretend any claim, right, ed to lands title, intereft or poffeflion in or to any manors, lands, tene- fold or ex-ments or hereditaments, bargained, fold or exchanged, or here-	b*

after to be bargained, fold or exchanged by the King our fovereign * c in^* lord, to any person or persons in fee-fimple or tee-tail, by his Highnefs letters patents, made or to be made thereof under the great feal of England, upon which letters patents there is or shall be referved any annual rents or farms payable to the King’s highness, his heirs or fucceffors, in his said court of augmentations; (2) or demand or a(k any rents, annuities, offices, fees or other profits, in, out, or or any such manors, lands, tenements jot hereditaments, contained or to \>q comprifed in

i 3	any

 

Google

ji8	Anno	tricefimo	tcrtio	Henrici VTIL , £154^

any such letters patents, made or hereafter to be made, as ts The King aforesaid r (3) or if our said fovereign lord, his heirs or fuccef-pretending fors, shall make or pretend any claim, right, title, intereft, or lands*by^m P0^c®on *n or to anY manors, lands, tenements or heredita-

Sd or ex-	ments bargained, fola or exchanged, or to be bargained, fold

anged.	or exchanged by the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, to any per-

fon or persons in fee-fimple or fee-tail, by his or their letters patents thereof made, or hereafter to be made, under his or their great feal of England, upon which letters patents is or shall be referved any annual rents or farms payable, or which shall be payable to the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, in his hat TheK>ng de* court of augmentations ; (4) or if the King, his heirs or fuo-mandingrents ceflors, demand or afk any rents, annuities or other profits or °r profits out hereditaments of any eftate of inheritance in, of, or out of o uc 1 an s. manor$j landsj tenements or hereditaments Contained or comprifed, or to be contained or comprifed, appointed or to be appointed or afiigned to the said court of augmentations, in any letters patents made, or hereafter to be made as is aforesaid; (5) that then the chancellor of the said court of augmentations, by the affent of the council of the said court, or the more part or them, shall have power and authority, by authority of this a<5l, to examine all such demands, rights, titles, interefts and pofleflions, rents, annuities, offices, fees, and other profits and hereditaments, whatfoever they shall be, and every of them fo to be demanded, pretended, claimed or afked as is aforefiud, and by witnefs, proofs and other ways and means by their dif-cretions, to hear and determine the fame. (6) And m cafe the King’s patentees in any such letters patents as is aforesaid, or any of them, their heirs, fucceflbrs Or afligns, shall be compcj-Jea by the authority of the said court of augmentations,^ by decree or judgment of the fame court, to render and yield to any person or persons, in fee-fimple or fee-tail, the lands, tenements or hereditaments comprifed or fpecified in any such letters patents, or any parcel cf them, or to differ any person or persons to have and enjoy anv offices, rents,'annuities, or other profits or hereditaments in fee-fimple or in feer-tail, out or of the fame, or out of any parcel thereof; (7) and that it shall appear in the said letters patents, that the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, is or shall be bounden, or of right and' equity ought to recompenfe and fatisfy the said patentees, fheir heirs, fuc-ceffors, executors or afligns, or any of them, of and for such manors, lands, tenements or hereaitaments, annuities,* rents, offices, fees, or other profits recovered in fee-fimple or fee-tail* by decree or judgment of the said court as is aforesaid, or elfe to difeharge and acquit the said patentees, their heirs, fucceflbrs, executors and afligns, of or for any rents, annuities, offices, fee&j or other profits atorefaid, recovered by decree or judgment in fee-fimple or fee-tail as is abovefaid: (8) or if it shall appear unto the said court of augmentations, or unto the more part of them, that the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, of right and equity ought to have, recover or enjoy in fee-fimple or fee-tail, any

manors,

  v^,ooQle

119

r£4T.} Arnio tricefimo terrio Henrici VIII.

manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, in any such letter* 4 patents comprifed, or rents, annuities, offices, fees or other profits, in, out or of the fame; (9) that then, in all and every in whatcaufes such cafe and cafes, the said chancellor of the augmentations for the court of the time being, with the aflent of three or more such persons as augmentati-hereafter shall be. named by the King, his heirs or fucceflors, othe^arrant, shall have full power and authority, without any bill or warrant may make re' to be figned or fued from the King, his heirs or fucceflors, for compenfe t» the fame, as well to recompenfe and fatisfy the party or parties a"y P*1^00 grieved, fo much in money of the King’s treafure remaining in *datlswronS* the laid court of augmentations, as the laid manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, offices, fees, or other profits or hereditaments loft or recovered by decree or judgment of the faid	,

court of augmentations as is aforesaid, shall be worth to be iold, or otherwife difeharge and acquit such person or persons thereof, according to his or their letters patents 5 (10) as also to make and take order, dire&ion, decree and judgment for the King, his heirs and fucceflors, for the recovery^ attaining and having of all and lingular such manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, offices, fees, profits and hereditaments, and all and every other thing and things, which the King, his heirs and fiicceflbrs, by and upon such examination and examinations, ought, Ihould and lhall be juftly intituled to have ,recover, pof-ids of enjoy in fee-Ample or fee-tail; (11) and the fame decree, dire&ion, order and judgment to be good and effeftual in the law, to bind all parties and privies to the fame to all intents and purposes. (12) And where any decree or judgment, which A lofs extend* lhall be given in the said court or augmentations for any the ,n£	a^c"

premiffes, extend to the lofs of the King’s patentee or patentees,	pateu-

their heirs, fucceflors, executors or adrainiftrators, but for term tee tor life or of Jife or lives of the demandant or demandants, plaintiff or years, how to * plaintiffs, or for term of years, the lofs whereof the King is ** made good, bounden and ought to recompenfe, difeharge, or acquit by his The courts letters patents ; then the said chancellor of the augmentations erected by this lhall have full power and authority to recompenfe or difeharge aft were unit-the fame in money as is aforesaid, or elfe to recompenfe the fame cd tothe «*-of the lands, tenements, hereditaments and pofleflions limited to the furvey and governance of the said court of augmentations, powers°grant-to be granted under the feal of the fame court by the diferetion ed 1M. of the said chancellor, as shall feem to him best for the King’s tat. »• c. ns profit, without any bill or warrant to be fued or figned by or from the King for the fame. (13) And that every such re--compence, fatisfadfion and difeharge to be made by authority of this aeft to any person or persons by the said chancellor as is aforesaid, shall be good and effe&ual againft the King, hi$ heirs and fucceflors; any law, usage or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LLX. And it is further .enaCled by the authority aforesaid, The.who •*. Thar every of the said courts shall have full power and autho- of the f o - . ; rity by force of this a6t, to fet such fines, penalties and amer- courts 0 1 foments upon parties, fheriffs, officers, apd other persons, for	1	'

’	If	his

  v^ooQie

120	Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VIII. [1541;

4. Inft. i«9» his and their defaults, contempts, negligences or mifdemeanors, T°'al * the as unto	courts> or unto anY °f them, shall be reafonably

&id gquru. cpnfidered and thought expedient; (2) and that all and every 1	trial and trials, of all and all manner of fuits, bills, plaints, in-

formations, declarations, complaints, anfwers, replications, allegations, caufes, matters and iflues, or any of them, to be pursued, made, or tried in the said feveral courts, or any of them* lhall be made and tried by due examination of witnefs, writing, proofs, or by such other ways or means as by the said feveral courts, or by any of them lhall be thought expedient; (3) and that all and every such judgment and judgments, decree or decrees, examination and examinations shall be good, perfedf, and in full ftrength, force and effedt in the law to all intents, con-ftrudtions and purposes.

The chief offi-	LX. And where divers and sundry persons Jland bounden to the

cersofthefaid King's bighnefs in divers great and notable fums of money, by recog-dUbharSTre- nlzance or ot^er bonds in the /aid feveral courts, for debts due to the cogjf zance? King's higbnef$y.as well for the pur chafe of lands and woods, and per~ taken there, formance of conditions, as also for divers and sundry other caufn : (2) and albeit the fame persons have well and truly fatisfied, content-ed, and paid the fame debts, or performed the conditions of the fame recognizances, Or other bonds, yet the fame recognizances, or other bends, cannot be made void without the King's efpecial warrant, which flmld be much unquietuefs to the King's majejly, and also very chargeable to his Grace's fubjeSis to fue to his Highnefsfrom time to time for the fame: (3) In confederation whereof and Jorafmucb as the said persons being fo bounden by recognizances or in other bonds, may by divers cafualtics lofe their acquittances, whereby great danger ana peril may grow to them, their heirs, executors and fucceffors: (4) Be it therefore enabled by the King our fovereign lord, with the af-fent of the lords fpiritual and Temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That upon the fight of the acquittances, made or to be made for the payment of the said debt or debts, or fum or fums of money growen or to be growen, or due, and fufficient proof made, or hereafter to be made, before the said feveral head officers for the time being of the said feveral coiirts, as the cafe shall rife or grow, or if the condition of the fame recognizance or bond be performed or kept j that then every such feveral head officer for that recognizance taken, or to be taken by him, or any of his predeceflors, or of any other bond for that time being within his charge and cure, shall have full power and authority to cancel and make void the said recognizance or other bona, calling to him such of the fame court as to him or them shall feem moft convenient for the cancellation of the fame recognizance or bond.

LXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fame cancellation fo made shall be a fure and fufficient difeharge of the fame recognisance or other bond, to all and every such person or persons, as do Qr shall Hand bounden in the fame re-f *	cognizance

  Google

til

1541.] Aiino tricefimo terdo Henrici VIII.

cognizance or bond To cancelled, againft the King's highness, his heirs, executors and fucceflors For ever.

LXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Difcbarging That the lame leveral head officers for the time being, in every ^nces taken erf their laid feveral courts, lhall have full power and authority for*!appearance todifeharge, cancel or make void, by his or their diferetion, all or contempt, and Angular recognizances now made, or hereafter to be made in the nud court, for any appearance or other contempt; and that the lame head officer or officers, and the parties fo bounden . and to be bounden, to be difeharged againft the King our fo-vereign lord, his heirs, executors and fucceflors, for the cancellation, of the feme recognizance.	.	,

LXIII. And where the King's majesty fithen the making of the ,7h. S.c. *7. fame Jiatute in the said twenty-feventb year of his noble reign, of his own meer motion, liberality and benignity, hath freely given and granted by bis sundry letters patents under his great feal ^England, unto divers and sundry of the nobles and lordsy as well fpiritual as temporal9 of this his realm, and also unto divers and many other per-fins and bodies politick, to their heirs Or fucceffarsy and to the heirs if their bodies, or for term of life or lives, divers end many sundry honours, caftlesy manors y lanas9 tenementsy re£toriisy penftonsy portions and other hereditamentsy which then were in the order, govern nance and furvey of the fame court of the augmentations of the revenues of his Grace's crowny or out of any other of the find feveral courts, referring,unto his Majestyy his heirs and fiuccefforsy by the fame letters patents y one yearly rent in the name of one tenthy or the tenth part of the yearly value of the fame premiffesy or any other tenth payable and to be paid in the fame courtsy or to the officers of the fame courts deputed and ajfigneafor the fatney at one certain feajl or day in the fame letters patents mentioned and declared; (2) which find ptrfons fo advancedy notwithfianding they have fithen and after the making of the fame letters patents peaceably enjoyed the fame manorj, lands, tenements and hereditaments fo given, and thereof have quietly perceived and taken the iffiuesy revenues and profits thereof; ret neverthelefs divers of the fame per fans have not, at the days and feajls affignea and limited unto them in the fame letters patents, nor yet in Tong time after the fame days and feajls of payment thereof \ contented and paid in the fame courts, or to the officers of the fame courts ajfigned and deputed for the famey the said yearly rent or rents fo referved to the King's bigbnefsy contrary to their duties, and againft aU reafon and good confcienfe: (3) In confideration whereof, be it therefore now ordained, enaded and eftabliihed by the aflent of the King’s majesty, the lords fpirituaF and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person of what eftate, degree or condition foever he be, or body politick, to whom t}ie King’s majesty hath by his letters patents under his great feal of Englandy or under the great feal of the feme court of augmentations, given or granted, or hereafter lhall give or grant, with like refervation of rent or rents, any manors, jands, tenements, redories or other hereditaments whatfoever,

which

 

Google

ita

A remedy for tithes not paid ifTuing forth of abbey lands given by the King to others*

The penalty for default of payment at the day af-figned, or within three months after.

The penalty for default of payment within a year.

A further remedy for the tenth, and

Anno triccfimo terrio HenRIUi VIII* [1541;

which were or hereafter (hail beinthe order* governance and lurvey of the fame courts, or any'ef them* to be had to them and their heirs or fucceffars* or for any other feftate of inheritance* or for term of life or lives, yieldmg and .refenring to the fame our said fovereigh lord the Kipg* bis heirs or fucceflors* one yearly rent at one certain day or feaft in the fitme letters pa-* tents exprefled, mentioned and declared* and to be paid into the feme courts j that if the feme persons* bodies politick, their heirs or fucceflors, or afEgns*or any of them, do not truly am* tent or pay, i>t Caufe to bfe contented dr paid tinto the freafikrtr of the 6»d feyeral courts* or to the gerieril 6# phrticubr re* ceiver of the fame feveral courts, deputed and affigaed for the feme for theatric being, to the life of the King’s nighriefs, at the day or feaft limited by the feme letters patents* or Withrh three months next and immediately after the feme day or feaft of payment thereof* all (uch films of money, which been or hereafter shall be due, rdeTved to the King’d majesty, his heirs and fucceflors* by the ferae letters patents, or by any of them* or make fufficient tender thereof to the faW tfeafurer, or general or particular receiver * that then every of the ferhe persons* bodies politick, their heirs* fucceflors of afegns* for lack and default of payment of the fame rent, to forfeit and lofe to the .King’s majesty* his heirs and fucceflors, as .much mOriey as the fourth part or the fefcne rent fo referved, or hereafter to be re* ferved for one y£ar, doth Qf shall amount unto, for and in the name of one pain, over and above the feme rent referved, or. hereafter to be referved. (4) And if it happen the fame per-fons, or bodies politick* their heirs* fucceflors or afligns* or toy of them* do not* within One half year next after the day or feaft exprefled in the feme letters patents* content or pay* or lawfully tender unto the feme treafurer, or general and particular receiver, to the ufe of the King’s majesty* his heirs or fuC-ceflbrs* as Well the feid yearly rent forderved, or hereafter to be referved, as also the feid money forfeited for and in the name of a pain % that then the feme periods, bodies politick* their heirs, facceflors or afligns; fa offending, shall forfeit and lofe to th^ King’s majesty, his heirs and intceflore, fo much money as the moiety or half-deal of the feme rent referved or to be referved for one yeat doth or shall amount unto, over and above tho feid rent referved or to be referved 5 (5) and fo to forfeit and lofe for every half year after, fo much money as the whole rent referved of to be referved for one whole year doth or shall amount Onto* until the feme rent io referved or to be referved, and the arrearages of the feme, and also the feid fums of money fo forfeited ana loft for a pain, been unto the fame treafurer, or general or particular receiver, truly fadsfied, contented and pud, to the ufe of the King’s ftighneft* his heirs and fuc-eeflbrs.

LXIV. And be it alfoena&edby the authority afortfaid, That it shall be lawful to die feme treafurer* and general or particular receiver, to diftrain a* Well for the fame rent fa referved or

Iff

  CjOoq le

i£4i-]	Arsio tricefimo ccrtio Hen'Kici V3IL	12}

to be referved, and for the arrearage*' the fame, as also for money for-the said fums of money ib forfeited or-to be forfeited and loft, for fe,ted *“the andin the name of the pain aforefoid: (a) and also the head "jj™* °,a officer or officers of either of the fame courts for the time be*	y"	'

mg, upon certificate to him made or to be made of the fimfe default and contempt, shall and may award such procefs out of the fame courts againft the fame offender for not paying of the said rent fo referved or to be referved, and also for the feme funs of money forfeited and to be forfeited by this aft, as by his or their difcretion shall feem convenient.

LXV. And be it also enadied by the authority aforesaid, Acquittance That if any person or persons hereafter make lawful payment for the tenth, to any of the said treahirers, or general or particular receivers of any of the feme courts, deputed and affigned for the feme, of any fum or fums of money due to the King’s highneft, his heirs or fucceffors, for any yearly rent or tenth, and upon or after such payment offer unto the feme treafurer, or general or particular receiver, one lawful and fufficient acquittance ready made, to be afligned by the feme treafurer, or general or par* ticufer receiver, witn effing the receipt of the feid fom or fums of money fo paid $ that then the feid treafurer, general or particular receiver, shall with Ids own hand affign the fame; acquittance without taking any fee or reward for the making of die feme acquittance, (a) upon pain to forfeit and Ioffe for every time offending contrary to this adf, forty fhillings; 6ns moiety thereof to be to the King’s highnefe, and the other moiety to the party that will purfoe for the feme; (3) and if the parties which hereafter shall happen to pay to the fame treafuref, or general or particular receiver, any fuch; fam or fums of money,	•	•1

and do not bring an acquittance with him to be afiigned, as is be-forefeid; that then if the feme treafurer, or general or particular receiver, upon requeft to him made, shall make and deliver unto the fame party one fufficient acquittance, teftifying the fame receipt, that then the feme treafurer, or general or particular receiver, or any of his clerks, shall receive or take of the fame party for the making of the said acquittance, not above four-pence, (4) upon pain to forfeit for every such acquittance twenty (hillings, for which he or they shall happen to take above the said fum of four-pence, to be recovered as is beforefeid, that is to fe^, the one moiety thereof td the ufe of the King’s highnefe, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the party that will purfuc for the feme.

LXVI. And be it also enacted, That, the feme acquittance fhaH be a fufficient difeharge according to the tenor and effedt of the feme.

LXVIJ. And be it also further enacted and ordained by the How much he authority aforesaid. That if any of the feme generalor par-ticular receivers, which now be or hereafter shall be within any which doth re-of the said courts, happen to pay to any person or persons any ceive any an-annuity, penfion or other rent, that then if the fame person nuity. or persons, upon the receipt thereof, deliver unto the fame general or particular receiver one fufficient and lawful acquittance   Google

«4	Annotricefimo terrio HENRici VIII. ,	[1541*.

tance fealed and figned, tcftifying the (ante receipt, that then the fame general or particular receiver shall receive the fame acquittance, without taking or receiving any fee or reward for the making of the fame; (2; and if the lame party to whom the said general or particular receiver have fo contented and paid .any such annuity, penfion or rent, do not bring with him one fufficient acquittance figned and fealed, teftifving the receipt *>f the fame money, by reafon whereof the feme general or ^particular receiver^ by himfelf or his clerk, maketh one acquittance for the receipt of the fame annuity, penfion or rent* that then the fame receiver or his clerk shall not receive or take .1- —	for the making of such acquittance, which he shall fo happen to

make, above four-pence, upon pain to forfeit for every such acquittance which he shall happen to refufe* being ready made and, offered to be delivered tb him, as is abovefeid, twenty •fhiHings ; (3) and for every acquittance which he shall hereafter happen to make for any the payments afbrefaido and to receive for the making of the fame acquittance above the fum of four--pence, to forfeit twenty shillings ; the one moiety to the Kii^, and the other to the party that will fue for ,the lame; (4) and 'alforthat the lame general or particular receiver, or their deputies, which hereafter shall happen to pay any such annuity, petition or rent, shall not retain or take or the party to whom he (hall* happen to pay the fame, in the way of reward or •otherwife, not above the fum of four-pence for every pound which the feme general or particular receiver shall fo happen to The receiver Pay» (5) upon pain to forfeit vi. s. viii. d. for every peny which he shall take but or they shall happen to receive above the said fum of four-pence, »v. d. a pound, for every pound which he or they shall fo happen to pay; the one moiety 6f the said forfeiture to be to the King, and the other moiety to the party that will fue for the fame; (6) and that all the said fuits concerning the said forfeitures may be commenced and purfued by bill, information or action, in which fuit none effoin, protection or wager of law to be admitted.

The auditor^ LXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any.perfon or fees for inrol- persons hereafter happen to tender or offer unto any of the au-ments. ditors of the feme feveral courts, for the time being, any of the King’s letters patents, decrees/of any of the fame feveral courts, grants, indentures of leafes, as well for term of years as for term of life or lives, to be inrolled before the fame auditor, according to his office; that then the feme auditor, upon the fame tender or offer, shall inrol the fame, or as much of the fame letters patents, decrees, grants or indentures, as shall appertain to his said office 5 (2) and if any of the fame auditors, or any of their clerks, or any other to their ufe, or to the ufe of any of them, receivd and take fof th* inrblment of any of the fame letters patents, decrees, grants or indentures, or for the allowance of the fame, above the fum of three shillings four-pence, that then the fame auditor or his clerk, fo offending, shall forfeit fix shillings eight pence for every peny which the feme auditors, or any of them, shall happen at any time hereafter tp t*cpiye contrary to the fprm aforefeid * the

pn*

 

i $4r«] Anno tricefimo tqrtio HenriCi VII£,	tx$

one moiety of the fame forfeiture to be to the King’s highness, and the other moiety to him that will fue for the lame by such manner and form as is aforesaid.

LX1X. And be it also further enafted by the authority afore- Auditor* fliall laid, That every auditor of every the laid feveral courts, yearly ^^^to be in every county within their said feveral limits, by the fpace ma(je four of twenty days or more before their audit, fliaU proclaim and market-towns declare in four feveral markets or other places, the place and day* before days where and when they will keep their feveral audits in thethcir coram£* lame (hire, upon pain to forfeit for every time doing the contrary five pounds, the one moiety whereof to be to the king’s highness, and the other moiety to the party that will fue for the feme in form aforesaid.

LXX. And that also every of the auditors of the said feveral Auditor* and courts, being feverally affigned to their feveral limits, and every the particular receivers of the fame feveral courts, being precepts to ' also feverally alfigned and joined with the lame feveral auditors bailiff*, &c< in their said feveral limits, after and between every of the feafts of St. Aftchael the archangel and Chriflmas9 shall direct and award their feveral warrants and .precepts under their feals to every of the receivers, bailiffs, reeves and other officers what-ioever accountable before the fame auditors, and by the fame warrant or precept to charge and command, in the name of our said fovereign lord the King, every of the said receivers, bailiffs, reeves and other officers, to appear before them at one certain day and place in the fame warrant or precept to them preferibed, there to declare and make a juft and true ac-compt of all such receipts whereof they be accountable and owe to account.

LXXI. And after if the fame auditors and particular receivers A remedy a-do repair unto the fame place, and there keep their audit ac- gainftaccomp-cording to the fame proclamations, precept and warrant; that ^ake^efeult then if any receiver, bailiff, reeve or other officer, being ac- of appearance comptable of or for any of the manors, lands, tenements or or payment, other whatfoever hereditaments now remaining, or which hereafter shall be and remain in the order, governance or furvey of any of the fame feveral courts, be lawfully warned, as well by the lame proclamation, or by precept or warrant in writing fealed, and in the name of any of the auditors of the (aid feveral courts, perfonally to appear by himfelf, or by bis fufficient and lawful deputy, before the fame auditor and receiver, at one certain.day or place in the said warrant or precept preferibed, there to make and declare a juft and true accompt of all receipts of his said office : (2) and if the fame receiver, reeve, bailiff and other officer, fo being lawfully warned, do not appear before the fame auditor and receiver at the fame day and place in the said warrant expreffed; or if the fame receiver, bailiff, reeve or officer do, at the fame day and place to them preferibed, appear, and will not accompt before the lame auditor, according to the tenor and effect of the fame precept and warrant; or if the feme receiver, bailiff, reeve or xHher officer accomptablc, do by hiqifelf, or by his fufficient

 

XfS

Anno tricefimo tertio HeNRICI VIII. [r54r*

any xent.

and lawful deputy, appear before the fame auditor and receiver* and then and there enter into his or their accompt before the fold auditor, and after the fame accompt iinifhed and ended, if the fame receiver, bailiff, rpeve or other officer, do not con* tent and pay unto the treafurer of the fame feverai courts, or to the general or particular receiver of the fame county for the tune being, as the cafe fhati require, within three weeks next and immediately after the fame accompt folly finished and ended, all foch fums of money, which upon the determination of his said accompt he shall happen to be found in arrearages, and the fame default and contempt being duly proved before the head officer and officers of the fiud fevecsd courts for the time being; that then every such receiver, bailiff, reeve or officer fo offending, ta forfeit and lofe his fiud office, and alfohis fee which he or they had and received for the exercifing of the fame office.

The penalty if LXXII. And be it also further enaded by the authority of an^oomptaat this present parliament. That if any of tne said receivers, w baffiffs, reeves or other officers, upon the declaration of their foid accompts, do willingly conceal and withdraw any rent, revenue, fine, heriot or other cafuaky whatfoever it be, of the which he ought to have made accompt, and the fame duly

Coved before the foid head officer or officers for the time ling; that then every such receiver, bailiff, reeve or other officer fo offending, to forfeit and lofe his laid office and fee which he had for the exercifing of the fame, and also £uree times as much as he hath fo concealed and withdrawn: (2} and that the said head officer or officers of the fame feverai courts for the time beings immediately upon certificate to him' made of the fame default, contempt or offence, shall award procefe in nature of attachment againft the fame receiver, bailiff, reeve or other officer, as well for die fame arrearage* remaining in the hands of the fame receiver, bailiff, reeve or officer, as also for the penalty of their recognizance or bond in which the lame receiver, bailiff, reeve or officer ftandeth bounden to our said fovereign lord the King, as also for the contempt and pain limited aim appointed by this ad.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded by authority aforefatd. That in all adions and (bits to be taken or purfued in any th^ courts aforesaid, for the recovery of any debt or debts, which now be, or that hereafter shall happen to appertain, accrue* remain, or be to the King, by reafon of any attainder, outlawry, forfeiture, gift of the party, or by any other collateral way or means, it (nail be fofficient in the law to fhew and alledge ia the said fuit generally, that the party to whom the said debt or debts was or did belong, such year and day did give the fame debt or debts unto the King, or was attainted, outlawed, or other offence* forfeiture, deed, ad, or thing committed or done, by reafon whereof the (aid debt or debts did accrue, and ought to remain, come, and be to the King. (2) And that the fame matter fo to be (hewed, alledged, or declared in * generality, without (hewing and declaring the circucnftarsce» ftereof, shall be of as good force aqd effc# ia the law to all

intents.

A remedy for debts which grow to the King by attainder, outlawry, forfeiture, girt, See.

  L^ooQle

1541.]	Anno triccfimo terrio Henrici VIII*

127

Intents, conftru&ions and purposes, as if the whole matter thereof had been or were pledged and declared at large in eveiy point, according to the due order of the common laws of this realm.

LXXIV. And be it also enafted by the authority aforesaid, The King That if any fuif be commenced or taken, or any procefs be jhall bepre-. hereafter awarded for the King, for the recovery of any of the	Jufe

King’s debts, that then the fame fuit and procefs shall be x<cu" preferred before the fuit of any person or persons : (2) and 9H.3»flat.*, f hat our said fovereign ford, his heirs and fucceflbrs, shall havec. iS.-iirft execution againft any defendant or defendants, of and for his (aid debts, before any other person or persons, fo always that the King’s said fuit be taken and commenced, or procefs awarded for the said debt at the fuit of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, before judgment given for the said other person or persons.

LXXV. And be it  enacted also by authority aforesaid, That Tenant in ft*-all manors, lands, tenements, pofleflions and hereditaments, fimplc or tail the which now be, or that hereafter shall come or be, in or toto pajrhua*-the hands, pofleffion, occupation, or feifin of any person or ^ the King, persons, to whom the fame manors, lands, tenements or here- 1 Roll. 94. ditaments have heretofore of hereafter shall defeend, revert or * Roil. 4*0, remain in fee-fimple, or in fee-tail general or fpecial, by, from or after the death of any his or their anceftor or anceftors as l>elr, or by gift of his anceftors whofe heir he is, which said anceftor or anceftors was, is, or shall be indebted to the King, or to any other person or persons to his ufe, by judgment, recognizance, obligation, or other fpecialty, the debt whereof is or shall not be contented and paid$ that then in every such cafe the fame manors, lands, tenements, pofleflions and hereditaments, shall be and Hand, by authority of this aeft, from henceforth charged and chargeable to and for the payment of the fame debt, and of every part thereof. .	.

LXXVI. And that our said fovereign lord, his heirs and The King’s' fucceflbrs, at any time hereafter ihall not be barred, delayed, debts payable fbredofed, or excluded, to demand, have and receive his ^ or their juft, due, and lawful debts and duties againft any of t^fhrbe his fabjetts, as heir or heirs to any person or persons indebted not named, to his Highoefs, or to other persons to his ufe, or which shall Lane 5*. be indebted to his Highnefs, his heirs or fucceflbrs, albeit this word heir benot or shall not be comprifed in such recognizance, obligation or fpecialty, or that any such person or persons shall Lands intailed fey or alledge, that he or they have not any manors, lands, te- chargeable, nements or .hereditaments to them defeended, but only such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, as be or (ball be intailed or given to them by any their anceftors to whom they be heirs 3 any laws, ufes or cuftoms before this time ufed or nad to the contrary notwithstanding.

vLXXVn. Provided always. That the King’s majesty, his TheKingtnay heirs apd fucceflbrs, may at his or their liberty and pfoafure charge the ex-

 

128	Anno	triccfuno	tertlo	Henrici VIII- [154s;

and againft any executor or executors, adminiftrator or ad~ miniflrators of any such pfcrfon or persons, which is, hath been or shall be indebted in manner and form abovefaid, if the fame executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, lhall have aflets in his or their hands, in deed or in law ; any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

The lands LXXVII1. Provided alfo. That if the said manors, lands the l£n «° ^^hereditaments, or any of them, shall hereafter be recovered covered!rC* or cv^cd out of or from the pofleflion of any such person or fcavil 11* persons, by any juft or former title, without fraud or covin, whofe manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments been or shall be charged or chargeable, as is abovefaid ; that then all and every such manors, lands and hereditaments, shall be clearly acquitted and difeharged of and for the payment of the fame debts, and of every part thereof ; any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sufficient LXXIX. Provided alway, and be it  enacted by the authority Sun dilSi '* af°refeid> That if any perlon or persons, of whom any such of iLdrt*T debt or <*ut7 IS* or at any t*me hereafter shall be, demande4 % Mod. 048. or required, alledge, plead, declare or (hew, in any of the (aid 7 Co. 19. courts, good, perfect and fufHcient caufe and matter in law, reafon or good confcience, in bar of difeharge of the said debt or duty, or why such person or persons ought not to be chained or chargeable to or with the fame : and the fame caufe or matter fo afiedged, pleaded, declared or (hewed, fufficiently proved in such one of the said courts, as he or they shall be impleaded; fued, vexed, or troubled for the feme; that then the feid courts, and every of them, shall have full power and authority to accept, adjudge, and allow the feme proof, and wholly and clearly to acquit and difeharge all and every person and persons that shall be fo impleaded, fued, vexed, or troubled for the feme; any thing in this present adt before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding. t Lands charge- LXXX. Provided also, and be it  enacted by the authority able to the aforefeid. That if any manors, lands, tenements or heredita-▼era? mens* ments> which be, or at any time hereafter shall be charged tenures.	or chargeable to or with the debt of our feid fovercign lord,

his heirs or fucceflors, and be at any time hereafter or shall be in the feifin and pofleflion of divers and sundry persons, other than the obligor or obligors, that then all and Angular the fejd manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and every parcel of them, shall be wholly and entirely, and in no wi(e feverally, liable and chargeable to and with the payment and payments of the feid debts, of the feid debt and duty; any thing before rehearfed to the contrary notwithstanding.

The liberties LaXXI. Provided alfo. That this ad, nor any thing thereof the duchy Jn contained, shall in any wife extend to mini(h, abrogate, or 2^jncaftcr take away, any realties, liberties, privileges, franchises, pre-*	eminences,	jurifdidions,	ffoes,	iflues or amerciaments, apper-

taining or belonging to the feid duchy of Lancaftar, and county ^palatine of Lancajltr% or any of them; (2) but that the feme

liberties

  t^ooQle

1542*3’] Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto H£n. VIIL C.i. 129

liberties, realties; privileges, franchises, preeminences, jurif-didjons, fines, ifliies and amerciaments, and every of theta,

(hall ftill continue, remain, and be to the said duenv of Lan-cafler and county palatine, and to every of them, as fully, wholly and plenarily, as they were before the making of this prdfent a A j	I

any thing in the fame contained to the contrary notwithftand-* in*.

LXXXII. Provided alway, and be it  enacted by the authority Procefi and aforefiud. That all manner of procefs, proceffes, and execu- execution# for tions for debts, only coming or growing in the court of the dfckts growing exchequer, shall be made in the fame court of the exchequer, cxcbc“ by such officer and officers, clerk or minifter of the fame court, * as hath been afore this time ufed to be made, after and with such kind of procels* proceffes and executions, as by this ad is limited and dedared 5 any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

Statutes made at WejlminJler, Anno 34 & 35	,

Hen. VIII. and Anno Dom. 1542-3.

ACTS made in the feffion of this	parliament

, bolden upon prorogation at Weftminftcr the two and twentieth day of January in the four and thirtieth year of the reign of our	mofi dreadfovereign lord Henry the ,

by the grace of God, King of England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith, and of the church ^/England, and also of Ireland, in earth the fupremebead and there continued and kept to the twelfth day of May in the five and thirtieth year of our said fovereign lord, to the honour of God, and for the common weal and profit of this bis realm.

CAP. I.

Recourfc mull be had to the catholick and apoftolilk church for the decilion of controverfies'; and therefore all books of the Old and New Teftament in Englijb, being of falfe tranflation, or compriling any matter of chrillian religion, articles of the faith, or holy feripture, contrary to the' dodtrine let forth fithence Anno 1 1540. or to be let forth by the King, lhall be abolilhed. No printer or bookfeller lhall utter any of the aforesaid books. No persons shall play in interlude, ling or rhime, contrary to the said doctrine. Noperfon shall retain any English books or writings concern-' ing matter againft the holy and blellcd facrament of the altar, or for the maintenance of anabaptifts, or other books abolifh-©d by the King’s proclamation. There shall be no annotations or preambles in Bibles or New Teftaments in Englijb.

The Bible lhall not be read in English in any church. No Vot. V,	K	women

 . LjOoq le

13? Anno tricefimo quarto& quirvto Hen. VIII. C.	[154a-3.

women or artificers, prentices, journeymen, fervingmen at the degree of yeomen or under, hirfbanamen, nor labourers, shall read the New Teftament in	Nothing (ball be

taught or maintained contrary to the King's infiro&ionf. Ana if any fpiritual person preach, teach, or maintain any thing contrary to the King’s inftrudtions or determinations, made or to be made, and shall be thereof convidt, he shall for his first offence recant, fin* hb fecond abjure and bear a fagot, and for hb third shall be adjudged an herctick, and

REP. by 1 Ed. ^ burned and lofe all hb goods and chattels.

6.c.1*.	0

cap. n.

An act for collectors and receivers.

WHERE divers and fiindry high	of the fifteens and

fubfidies to the Kings highness, and divers other bis particstlar and general receivers of his revenues and	within the Jicr-

vey, rule, and order of his Majejly's court of the	the

dueby vf Lancaftcr, the court of the augmentations of the revenues of his crown, the court of the general	the court of the

wards and liveries., and the court of the tenth and	,	have

heretofore after the colU£liont , or gathering of the King's fifteens, fubfidies, rents, debts, and other his money and	,

tained,occupied^ and converted the fame 1o their own Jmgular profit and commodity, as in loaning or laying out thefame for gains in pstr-chafing lands of great	value, and in buying of wools and other tner-

chandife, whereby the King's majefiy bath oft times lofi great part of his debts and	dutiesy andfometi the fame by a long feajfm,

after fiuhtime as the fame have been	gathered (2) For

reformation whereof, be it enaded, ordained, and efiabfifhed *	by the King’s highnefe, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual

and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament Within what aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every high time any col- collector of any fifteens, fubfidy, or other tax or loan, and all ceiver* of the an<* evcrY othCT the King’s said particular and general recovers King's of any of the said fums of money and other duties belonging to fifteens, &c. the King, from and after the first day of July next coming,

(hall pay the shall within the fpace of three months next after such days and fame to the Xing's ufe.

times, as any of the said fifteens, fubfidies, rents, fums of money, or other yearly profits, shall be due and payable to the Kmg, iiis heirs or iueceffors, by any ftatute, ordinance, or other mean, and by the fame collector, particular or general receiver, or any of them retained or gathered, truly content, deliver, and pay the fame to the King's ufe, at such place or places, and to such person or persons, as be or shall be named, appointed, and limited for the fame, (3) upon pain to forfeit to the King, his heirs and fuccefiors, tor every pound fo being received, and after that retained, kept, or laid out for gain, and not paid within three months to the King's ufe, as is afore-faid, ivf s. for every month that the fame money {hall be fo retained, kept, or laid out for gain, as is aforesaid, (4) and

i

 

Google

1542-3*] Anno triceffmo quarto & quinto He*. VIII. C.4* iji

fliail also lofc and forfeit his or their said office concerning the feme, and all profits thereunto belonging : (5) and that the King shall at his pleafure charge the said collector particular or general reoeiver, upon his or their accompts, with the penalty and forfeitures above rehearfed, or elfe at his pleafure demand, ask, and recover the fame by adion, bill, plaint, or fuit of debt againft the fame collector or cottedtors, particular or general receiver, their heirs, executors or adminiftrators $ in which action, bill, plaint or fuit, no ptote&ion, eftbirt, or Wager of law (haU be allowed nor admitted.

. ft. Provided alway. That if any of the said Collectors, par- 'fhecolleCfor’i iicuiar or general receivers, tender payment of all such money or receiver’s by them received to the King’s ufe within the said three months, payment be-in fetch place, and unto such person and perfone as be or (hall	’

be charged with the receipt of the fame, and do as much as in though it be him or them is, or then shall be, for to make true payment not received, thereof, and cannot be thereunto admitted, by reafon of importunate bufmefe, or other lawful impediment or caufe in him or them that should accept or receive the fame $ that in every such cafe the feme collector, particular or general receiver or receivers, as shall fo make tender of all such money by him or. them received or gathered to the King’s ufe, as is aforesaid, and cannot be thereunto admitted for any the caufes abovefaid, shall not be charged with, or incur any danger and penalty contained in this aCfc; this aCfc or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithffondiag.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority afore- How far the

faid. That the heir or heirs of any coHeClor or receiver aforesaid collector’* or shall not be charged or chargeable by reafon of this aft, but only	i	heir

for and in such lands, tenements or hereditaments which the ^a11 ** charg~ said heir or heirs have or fhaH have by defcent in fee-fimple, or n^ ^m fee-tail, or by gift, or elfe by any other aflurance had or made to

any such heir or heirs, only by covin from the said collector or receiver, or any of them, or any their affigns. (2) And that in all and every such cafe and cafes, the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, to have execution only of and in such lands, tenements or hereditaments defcended, given, or otherwife aflured, as is aforefeid, untiHuch time as his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceftors, be fully fatisfied and paid off all and every such fum and fums of money due or to be due by any such collector or receiver.

IV.	And it is further enafted, That the executor or executors, How far the adminiftrator or adminiftrators of every such colle&or or receiver, e^ec.ut.®rs °r shall not be otherwife charged or chargeable by this abut as^Jf TaJlieaor executors and adminiftrators be or (hould be charged and charge- or receiver able by the order of the common laws of this realm, in a&ions foall becharg-of debt ufed and commenced againft them as executors or admi-niftrators.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enabled by the authority The heir be-tforefaid. That where the heir and heirs of any of the King’s ing charged receivers, or collectors, or debtors, is or shall be charged of and ^ haVaiFft

£	frw	. y a£ain

for

the executor*!

*3* Anno tricafimo quarto & quinto Hen, VIII; C. 3,4. [i542-3.

for his father’s or anceftor’s debts or duties, whofe heir he is, thereby the lands defcended or given to him by covin, to defraud the King’s execution of such land unto him or them from the said father or anceftor, is put in execution, that then such heir or heirs shall and may have his or their aftion of debt againft the executors or adminiftrators of his said hither or anceftor, and shall have execution of the goods and chattels of the said father or anceftor being in the hands of the said executors or adminiftrators at the time of the said a(ftion brought; in which said actions no eftoin, protection, or Wager of law shall be admitted o^ allowed.

This aft not VI. Provided alway. That this a<Sb shall not extend to the collectors of the King’s cuftom, and of the fubfidy of tonnage tonnw*&c poundage, which be accomptable yearly in the King’s ma-***	1	jcft/s exchequer.

Nor to receiv- VII. Provided always, That this aCt, or any thing therein ers paying	contained, shall not extend or be prejudicial to any the said ge-

pennons,	neral or particular receiver or receivers, to or for the payment

ccs' c* of any penfions, fees, annuities, rents or other allowances, by them or any of them paid or to be paid to any person or persons, according to such allowance, order or decree, as be or hereafter 7 Ed. 6. c. x. shall be allowed, ordered or decreed in any of the said courts ; 1 El. c. 4. any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

REP. 7*Ed. 6. Of what meafure, affife and fcantling, coals, talwood, faggots c. 7.	and billets shall be, and the forfeiture and penalty of them

that shall not perform the fame.

CAP. IV.

An all againft such persons as do make bankrupts.

Ex.Edit. Raf- TT7HERE divers andfundry persons craftily obtaining into their tal*	VV hands great fubftance of other mens goods, do fuddenly flee to

* Inttw ** Parts unknown, or keep their houfes, not minding to pay or reftore to The chancel- any their creditors, their debts and duties, but at their own wills and lor, treafurer, pleafures confume the fubftance obtained by credit of other men, for their dee. shall take own pleafure and delicate living, againft all reafon, equity, and good b^knT't'sbo- confcience: ^ lt therefore enafted by authority of this present die», lands and parliament. That the lord chancellor of England, or keeper of goois, for the the great feal, the lord treafurer, the lord prefident, lord privy payment of	feal, and other of the King’s moft honourable privy council,

AUered^>S*	the c^ie^Ju^ices cther bench for the time being, or three of

13 Eli*. c* 7. them at the leaft, whereof the lord chancellor or keeper of the 1 Jac. 1. c. 15. great feal, lord treafurer, lord prefident, or the lord privy at Jac. i.c. 19. feal, to be one, upon every complaint made to them in writing by any parties grieved concerning the premifles shall have power and authority by virtue oft his aft, to take by their wifdoms and diferetions, such orders and directions, as well with the bodies of such offenders aforesaid, wherefoever they may be had, or otherwife, as also with their lands, tenements, fees, annuities, and offices, which they have in fec-fimple, fee-tail, term of life, term of years, or in the right of their wives, as much as the in-

tcreft.

  v^rOOQle

f542*3*l Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C. 4.	133

tereft, right and title of the feme offender shall extend or be, and may then lawfully be departed with, by the feid offender, and also with their money, goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes, and debts, wherefoever they may be found or known. And to caufe their feid lands, tenements, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes and debts to be fearched viewed rented and appraifed, and to make fale of the feid lands, tenements, fees, annuities and offices, as much as the fame offender may then lawfully give, grant or depart with, or otherwife to order the feme for true fatisfaftion and payment of the feid creditors : that is to fey, to every of the feid creditors, a portion rate and rate like, according to the quantity of their debts. And that every direction, order, bargain, fele and other things done * by the feid lords authorifed, as is aforefeid, in writing figned with their hands, by authority of this aft, fhali be good and effectual in the law to all intents conftru&ions and purposes againft the said offenders, their heirs and executors for ever, as though the feme order, direftion, bargain and fele had been made by the feid offender or offenders, at his or their own free will and liberty by writing, indented, enrolled in any the King’s courts of record*

II.	And be it also further enafted by the authority aforefeid.

That if after any such aft or offence committed, and complaint thereof made to the said lords as is aforefeid, any party grieved concerning the premiffes knowing, fuppofmg or fufpefting any of the goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes or debts of fucn offender or offenders, to be in cuftody, ufe, occupying, keeping, or poffeflion of any person or persons, or any person or persons to be indebted to any such offender or offenders, do make relation thereof to the feid lords, to whom authority is given by this present aft as is aforefeid: that then the feid lords shall by virtue hereof have full power and authority to fend for and convent afore them by such procefs, ways or means, as they shall think convenient by their difcretions, all and every such person and persons fo known, fuppofed or fufpefted, to have any such goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes, or debts, in his or their cuftody, ufe, occupation, keeping orpoffeffioq, or fuppofed or fufpefted, to be indebted to such offender or offenders : and upon their appearance to examine them and every of them as well by their oaths, as otherwife bv such ways and means, as the feid lords, by their difcretions, mall think meet and convenient for and upon the fpecialty, certainty, true declaration and	*	.

knowledge, of all and lingular such goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes, and debts, of any such offenders as be fuppofed or fufpefted to be in his or their cuftody, ufe, occupation, orpoflef** fion, and of all such debts as by them or any of them, shall be fuppofed or fufpefted to be owing to any such offender, and if any such person or persons upon such examination do not dif-clofe, plainly declare and (hew the whole truth of such things** he or they (nail be examined of, concerning the premiffes : then every such person or persons fo examined, and not declaring the

K 3	plain

 

J34 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VH1. C. 4, [1542-3.

plain and whole truth, concerning the premiAes upon due proof thereof to be made, before the said lords therefore authorifcd, as is aforesaid, by witnefs, examination* or otherwUe, as fco the lame lords shall feem fufficient in that behalf, shall loft andfor* fcit double the value of all such goods, chattels, wares, merchan-difes, and debts by them or any of them io concealed and not wholly and plainly declared and (hewed, which forfeiture (hal| be levied and recovered by the said lords haring authority as is aforesaid, by such ways and means as to them (hall. feem re* quifite and convenient. And the fame forfeiture to be diftri-buted and employed to and for the. faftisfa&ion and payment of the debts of the laid creditor or creditors,, in Arch like manner rate and form as is above declared. Concerning the ordering of the goods and chattels, of the said offenders, k«epingitheir houfes, er flying to places unknown, as is aforesaid; ; '

III.	And be it alfb further enabled by the authority afoee-faid, That if after any such person or persons shall keep his or their houfes, or flee to parts unknown, as is aforesaid, any person or persons dor fraudulently by covin dr collufion, claim or demand any debt, duty, or other thing by writing or otherwife, of any such offender or offenders, other than such as he or they can and do prove to be due by Tight and confidence in form aforesaid, before therfaid lords having authority by this present ad, as is aforesaid, and the fame to proceed bonafidty without

' fraud or' covin : that then every such person and persons, fo craftily demanding or claiming any such debt, duty or other thing, as is aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe double as much as he or they shall fo claim or demand. And the fame forfeiture to be levied, recovered and employed, in manner and form as is afore rehearfed.

IV.	And be it also further enaded, by the authority afore* (aid, That if any such person or persons, which shall keep hi ? or their houfes, or flee to parts unknown, as is aforesaid, or intend to delay or defraud their creditors deceitfully by covin or collufion, fuffer or caufe any other person or persons, to recover againft him or them any debts, goods, chattels, wares, or mer-Chandifes, without juft caufe and title fo to do, proceeding bona fidey without fraud or covin, that then upon complaint thereof made to the said lords having authority by this present ad, as is aforesaid, the fame lords shall have power and authority by virtue hereof to convent and call before them the said recoverer or recoverers, and after Rich fraud, deceit, covin or collufion, (hali plainly appear, or be duly proved before the said lords authorifcd, as is aforesaid, all the said good$ and chattels, of the said offender fo recovered, shall be chargeable, employed, ordered and delivered toward the payment of the true and due debts of the said creditor, after the manner form and rate, as is afore Specified, by the diferetion of the said lords, having authority by this present a<ft, the aforesaid falfe and feigned recoveries not-Withftanding, fo that always such falfe ana feigned recoveries {hall not be in force, or any execution thereby had of or upon

*	any

  L^ooQle

I54*"3‘] A*100 -tncdfimo quarts & quinta Hen. VK. C. 4. 1^5

any goods* chattel*, lands, or tenements of any such offender or offenders, until fitch, time as all his or their true and due debts and duties, (hallbe fully fatisfied, contented and paid to his or ' their creditors. And neverthelefs after that die said true debts and duties, shall be fully fatisfied and paid, as is aforesaid, as veil die body of the find offender, as his lands, tenements, goods and chattels, shall be chatged and liable to the execution of the said recovery according to the tenor* force, and effiwft of the fame.

V.	And be it alfb  enacted by the lame authority. That if any such person or perfana which shall he indebted, do withdraw hhnfelf out of tnis realm, and other the King’s dominions, into any foreign realm, or country, to. the intent thereby to abide and remain, indefraud of his creditors: thatthen upon complaint in writing concerning the premiffes thereof made to the (aid lords having authority, as is aforesaid, the fame lords shall by virtue and authority or this present aft, have full power and authority to award proclamations to be made in such places as to them, shall be thought meet and convenient, commanding by the fame fiieh offender in the King our fovereign lord’s name, to return with all convenient fpeed into this realm, and to yield his body before the said lords, having authority as is aforesaid, or one of diem. And if the said person within three months next after he shall have knowledge of such proclamation, or as foon after as he conveniently may, do not repair and yield his body as is aforesaid, that then the body of all and every such offender and offenders shall be judged taken and deemed to all intents and purposes out of the King’s prote&ion, and that also all goods,

Chattels, lands, tenements and debts of every such offender (halt be by the order and diferetion of the said lords employed and difhiouted amongft his creditors equally and indifferently rate fpr rate, in like manner and form as is afore declared. An4 that also every person or persons that shall willingly help tq aid, imbezzle or convey any such person or persons, their said goods, chattels, wares, or merchandifes out of this realm, and other the King’s dominions, into any foreign realm or place, knowing the laid person or persons to depart or withdraw them-felves, or convey their said goods, chattels, wares and merchan-difes for the caufe and intent aforesaid, shall fuffer such pains by imprifonment of their bodies, or pay such fine to our fove-iteign ford the King, his heirs or fuccenbrs, as to the said lords having authority by virtue of this present a<51, shall feem meet and convenient for their said offence or offences.

VI.	Provided always, and be it  enacted by the authority afore-Cud, That if the creditors of any such offender or offenders, which shall keep his or their houfe or houfes, or which shall abfent or withdraw themfelves into places unknown, for the caufe aforesaid, be not fully fatisfied and paid or otherwife contented for their debts and duties, by the ways and means afore fpecified and declared, that then the said creditor and creditors, and every of them, shall and may have their remedy for the recovery and le-

K 4	vying

  v^ooQle

*136 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinta Hen. VIII. C.5. 154*-3.}

vying of the refidue of the fame debts or duties, whereof they m^ll not be fully fatisfied and paid, or otherwife contented in form aforesaid againft the said offender or offenders in like nun-per and form as they (hould or might have had, before the mak-• ing of this a£t, and that the fidd creditor and creditors, and every of them, shall be only barred and excluded by virtue of this a&, of and for all and every such part and portion of the said debts and duties, as shall be paid, fatisfied, diftributed, or delivered unto him or them by .the said lords, having authority as is afore-faid, and of no more portion or parcel thereof, any thing herein fpecified that may be taken or conftrued to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

The hill concerning the explanation of wills. j* H. St e* x. TT7HERE in the lajlparliament begun andholden at Weftmin-V V fter the thirty-eighth day of April in the thirty-firfl year. of the King’s moji gracious reign, and there by divers prorogations holden and continued unto the twenty-fourth day of July in the thirty feconi year of his said reign, it was by the Kings moji gracious and liberal dif-pofition Jhewed toward his moji humble and obedient fubjefts, ordained and enabled how and in what manner lands, tenements, and other hereditaments might be by will or tejlament in writing, or otherwife by any aft or afts lawfully executed in the life of every perforty given\ dif-pofed, willed or devifed\ for the advancement of the wife, preferment of the children, payment of debts of every such perfon, or otherwife at bis will and pkafure, as in the fame aft more plainly is declared: (2) ftthen the making of which ejlatute, divers doubts, quejlions and ambiguities have rifen, been moved, and grown, by diverfity of opinions, taken in and upon the expofition of the Utter of the fame ejlatute.

II.	For a plain declaration and explanation whereof, and to the intent and purpose that the King’s obedient and loving fub-je&s shall and may take the commodity and advantage of the King's said gracious and liberal difpohtion, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, mod humbly befeechen the King’s majesty, that the meaning of the letter of the fame eftatute, concerning fach matters hereafter rchearfed, may be by the authority of this present parliament enacted, taken, expounded, judged, declared and explained in manner and form following :

III.	Firft, Where it is contained in the fame former ftatute, within divers articles and branches of the fame, that all and (in-gulaf person and persons having any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments of the eftate of inheritance, (hould have full and free liberty, power and authority to give, will, difpofe or affign, as well by his last will and teftament in writing, or other-wife by any a6t or a<5ts lawfully executed in his life, his manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, in such manner and form as in the fame former a6t more at large

The words jt doth appear. Which words of ejlate of inheritance, by the au-rirance howto t^lonty °* present parliament, is and shall be declared, cx-be underftood. poupded, taken and judged of eftates in fee-fimple only.

IV.	And

  ^.ooQie

1542-3*] Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C. 5., 137

IV.	And also that all and lingular person and persons having Fee-fimple in

a folc eftatc or intcreft in fee-fimple, or feifcd in fee-fimple in coparcenary, or in common in fee-fimple, of and in any ma- ^ poffeflion,9 nors, lands, tenements, rents or other hereditaments, in pof- reverfion, re-feffion, reverfion, remainder, or of rents or Cervices incident to mainder, &c. any reyerfion or remainder, and having no manors, lands, te- *9Car.*, c. 3. nements or hereditaments holden of the King, his heirs or fuc- Buiftr. 6%. eeflbrs, or of any other person or persons by knights fervice. Pooh. 87, 91. shall have full ana free liberty, power and authority to give, dif- 3	3°*

pofe, will or devife to any person or persons (except bodies po-*x-litick and corporate) by his last will and teftament in writing, jCralo

or otherwife by any aft or ads lawfully executed in his life, by Over *55/ . himfelf folely, or by himfelf and other jointly, feverally or par- Moor 38. ticuferly, or by all thofe ways, or any of them, as much as in him of right is or lhall be, all his said manors, lands, tenements* Scvifing of rents and hereditaments, or any of them, or any rents, com- rent or commons or other profits or commodities out of or to be perceived mon out of of the fame, or out of any parcel thereof, at his own free will and pleafure; any daufe in the said former ad notwithstanding. | Co’

V.	And further be it declared and enaded by the authority Land* holden aforesaid. That all and Angular person and persons, having a of the King by foie eftate or intereft in fee-fimple, or feifed in fee-fimple in knight* ter vice coparcenery, or in common in fee-fimple, of or in any manors, jjjoor*™. pl lands, tenements, rents or other hereditaments, in poflelfion* s,3> 3,4: reverfion or remainder, or of and in any rents or fervices inci- Ley 41,51,65. dent to any reverfion or remainder, holden of the King by

knights fervice in chief, or of the nature of knights fervice in chief, hath, and by the authority of this present parliament shall have, full and free liberty, power and authority to give, dif— pofe, will or affign to any person or persons (except bodies politick and corporate) by his last will and teftament in writing, or otherwife bv any a<ft or ads lawfully executed in his life-time by himfelf folely, or by himfelf and others jointly, feverally or particularly, or by all thofe ways, or any of them, as much as m him of right is or shall be, two parts as well of all the said manors, lands, tenements, rents and hereditaments, as of all vo Co. 80. and fingular his other rents and hereditaments, or of any of Dyer *87-diem, or any rents, commons or other profits or com modi- Co*L,t*7** tics, out of or to be perceived of the fame two parts, or out of any parcel thereof in three parts to be divided, or as much thereof as shall amount to the full and clear yearly value of two pans thereof, in three parts to be divided, of what person or persons foever the fame be holden, at his free will and pleafure.

VI.	And that by the authority aforesaid, the said will fo declared shall be good and effe&ual for two parts of the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, although the will fo declared be made of the whole, or of more than of two parts of the fame: (2) the fame divifion to be made and fet forth by the devifor or owner of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, by his last will in writing, or otherwife in Writing* (3) and in default thereof, by a commifiion to be

grm:ed

  t^ooQle

cage, Dyer 158.

138 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hbn, VilL «C 5. [1542-3.’

granted out of the King’s court of the wards and liveries, upon the enquiry of the true value thereof by the oaths of twelve men, and return or certificate thereof had in the fame court, of the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, divifion to be made by the matter of the wards and liveries, if the matter of the wards and liveries for the time being, and the parties thereunto, cannot otherwife agree upon die fame divifion: (4) and that the ifibes and profits of the two parts of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments^. upon every such divifion to be rettored to them that shall have right or tide to the fame from the death of the owner cm* devifor thereof.

Lands holden VII. And further be it cna&ed and declared by the authority of the King or aforesaid, That all and lingular person and perfoes, having afble kni'htsTer- c^ate or intereft in fee-fimple, orfeifed in fee-fimple incopar-vic^ and lands ccncry> or	common in fee-fimple, of and in any manors,

hplden in foe- lands, tenements, rents or other hereditaments, in pofieflion, reverfion or remainder, or of and in any rents or fervices inci-* dent to any reverfion or remainder holden of the King, his heirs or focceflors, by knights fervice, and not in chief, or holden of any other person or persons by knights fervice, shall have full and free liberty, power and authority to give, difpofe, will or devife to any person or persons (except bodies politick and cor- , porate) by his latt will and teftament in writing, or otherwife by any a& or alts lawfully executed in his life by himfelf fiblely, or by himfelf and other jointly, Severally or particularly, or by all thofe ways, or any of them, as much as in him of right is or shall be, two parts of all the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any of them, fo holden by knights fervice, or any rents, common or other profits or commodities, out of or to be perceived of the fame two parts, or out of any parcel thereof in three parts to be divided, or as much thereof as shall amount to the full and clear yearly value of two parts thereof in three parts to be divided, at his free will and pleafure*

VIII.	And that the said will, fo declared by authority afore-* the whole shall faid, shall be good and effectual for two parts of the said ma« be good for nors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, although the will fa declared be or shall be made of the whole lands and tenements fo holden by knights fervice, or of more titan two parts of the fame; (2) and also for the whole of all other such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any of them, not holden of the King by knights fervice in chief, or otherwife by knights fervice, nor of any other person by knights fervice, and of any rents, commons or other profits or commodities, out of or to be perceived of the fame, or out of any parcel thereof, at his free will and pleafure; (3) the fame divifion to be made and fet forth by the dwner of the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, by his latt will and teftament in writing, or other-wife in writing •, (4) and in default thereof, for as much of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments as shall concern the King's intereft, by commiflion to be directed out of the King’s court of the wards and liveries, in manner and form

as

A will made of

two parts, Ravin. *49• Hob- So.

1 Roll. 191. Dver 367.

8 Co. 84. Goldsb. 84. Jittby 57.

  Google

-*542-3-1 Apootrioefiino quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C.$. {159 ‘am is afafefaid, if the matter of the words and liveries for the time being and the parties thereunto cannot otherwise agree upon the fajme diviflonj (5) and that reftitution of die iflues and profits of the two parts thereof (haH be had and made in manner and form aboyefiud(6) and for filch of the feme manors, lands, 1 Anderf. $48. tenements and hereditaments, as shall concern the intereft of-How the divi-*Dy other lord or lords,, by commiffioB to be granted out of the King’s court of the chancery, to enquire thereof by the oaths {tanb£ fet** tdtwelve men, ,if the lame lord or lords and the parties there- forth, junto cannot otherwife agree upon the fame divjfion

IX.	And be it further eoafited and declared byautbority afore>- An expofition £aid, That the fsvings, refervings and provifions concerning (av- of the Yhving*.

wm of the cuftody, wardfhip, relief and primtr feifitt to thelCiag referring* and of such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or as £^fon*h;. much thereof as shall appertain unto him by virtue of the said a#, ^ the former ait, and by the declaration and expofition thereof de- ftatuteofja /dared by this prefcnt a&, during the King’s intereft therein, H. 8. c. 1. and also of the cuftody and wardship to other lords, of as much 3 Co* **• of such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments holden of them, as shall amount and extend to the clear, yearly value of the third part thereof, over and above all charges, without any /diminution or abridgment of the third part, or of the full profits thereof, comprised and mentioned in divers articles in the /aid former ad. contained, by the authority aforesaid, be and shall be intended, expounded and taken as hereafter enfuethj jthat is to (ay. That the King (ball have and take for his full third part of all such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, : whereunto he is or ihal) be intituled by the said former -ad, and by .this present ad, such manors, lands and tenements as shall by any means defeend, or come by defoent, as well of eftate of inheritance in fee-tail as in fee-fimple, or in fee-tail only, to the heir of any. such person that shall make any will, gift, uifpofition or devife by his last will in writing, or by any ad or ads lawfully executed in his life, immediately after the death of the fame devifer or owner thereof.

X.	And that the will, gift and devife of every such devifor or Devife of all owner, of and for the two parts of the said manorsi, lands, te- the fee-fimple Dements and hereditaments refidue, shall by the authority afore- l*nd*> l*av,n8 (aid be and (land good and effectual in the law, albeit the fame of entailnf^ will, gift or devife he had and made of all his fee-fimple lands, ]ands to the tenements and hereditaments, or of the more part thereof. King or other

XI.	And in cafe the fame manors, lands, tenements and he- ^'et lord-reditaments, which after the death of any such owner or devi-

for, which shall make any such gift, difpofition or devife by his ,0 Co. so. last will in writing, or otherwife by any a<ft or adta lawfully executed in his life, to his wife, children or otherwife, as is aforesaid, which shall immediately after his death defeend, revert, remain or come to his heir or heirs, as well of eftate of inheritance in fee-tail, as of eftate in fee-fimple, or fee-tail only, be not or shall not amount or extend to the foil clear yearly value of the full third part, with the full profits thereof, of all the faid

manors.

  LjOOQle

140 Anno trieefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C. 5. [ 1542-3. manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments of the said dc-vifor or owner, according to true intent and meaning of the said A remedy former ad, and of this present ad ; that then the King (hail thirdC lit is may have and take into his hands and poffeffion to make not left for the UP his full third part, with the foil profits thereof, according to King or other his intereft therein, as much of the other manors, lands, tene-lords.	ments	and hereditaments, willed, given, difpofed or affigned by

any such person to hts wife, children, or otherwise as is afore-faid, as with such of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, defcended or by any means come unto the heir, as heir of any such devifor or owner, shall make up the clear yearly value of the said full third pah, with the foil profits thereof, of all the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments of every such owner or devifor, lo to be had to the King in title of wardlhip or primer feifm% as the cafe shall require; (2) and the division thereof to be had and made, and with the reftitution of the profits of the two parts of the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, in such manner and form as is above rehearfed; (3) and like advantage and benefit to be given, had and taken by the said authority to every lord and lords, of whom any such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments been or shall be holden by knights fervice, in manner and form as is abovelaid, concerning only his or their third parts thereof, according to their said intereft therein.

A remedy for XII. And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, the King or _ That if it happen the fame third part, or any part thereof, the«iind part	or affigned to the King or other lord, at any time

be entailed, during their interefts therein, to be lawfully evi&ed or determined; that then the King and the other lord shall have as much of the two parts refidue as shall accomplifh and make up a foil third part in clear yearly value, after the rate and portion of such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, as shall then happen to remain of the fame third part, not evifted nor determined, and of the other two parts of such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, as the King or other lord ihould or ought to have had by virtue of the said former aft and this present aft j (2) and the fame to be divided in manner and form a-bove rehearfed; any claufe in the said former aft notwith-ftanding.

A pardon of	XIII. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority

alienation	aforefaid. That the faving and referving for fines for alienation by

b thofe to any	wiU	and teftament of such manors, lands, tenetnenrs

whom lands and hereditaments, holden of the King by knights fervice in be devifed,	chief, or of the nature of knights fervice in chief^ or by foccage

paying the	jn chief, or of the nature of foccage-tenure in chief, or for fines

thread1 va- ^ot a^enat*on °f foch manors, lands, tenemehts or heredita-lue ofCtht	* ments, whereof there shall be any alteration of freehold or of

lands holden inheritance, made by any such last will, comprifed in divers and in chief. sundry articles mentioned in the (aid former aft, be and shall be

in-

 

Google

1542-3-] Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C.5.	141

intended, expounded, taken, deemed and judged, by the au- uCar.i. c. authority aforeiaid, that all such person or persons to whom the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, be or shall be given, difpofed, willed, or devifed by any such last will, shall be exonerated, acquitted, and difcharged for ever a-gainft the King, his heirs and fucceffors, for all such fines for alienations by any such last will or teftamerit without licence, by fuing forth of the King’s pardon for alienation out of the King's court of chancery, paying to the King, his heirs or fucceffors, for the fine of every such alienation, the third part of the yearly value of the fame manors, lands, tenements, or other here-oitaments to him or them willed or devifed. (2) And this ad from time to time shall be a fufficient warrant to the lord chancellor of England, or keeper of the great feal for the time being, for the granting out of the said pardon or pardons under the King’s great feal, as heretofore hath been ufed for pardons for alienation, without any further fuit to be made to the King for the fame.

XIV.	And it is further declared and enaded by the authority Women co-

aforefaid, That wills or teftaments made of any manors, lands, vert, perfona tenements, or other hereditaments, by any woman covert, or "jithin age, person within the age of twenty-one years, idiot, or by any per- f^^cannot ion de non fane memory, shall not be taken to be gooa or effec- devife their tual in the law.	lands.

€ Co. Dyer 354- Hohias«

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, Aflurancesby That if any person or peribns having eftate of inheritance of or covin to dein manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holden of the Mother * King by knights fervice in chief, or otherwife of the King by iord* knights fervice, or of any other person oir persons by knights wardfhips, fervice, hath given at any time (ithen the twentieth day of the marriage^&c. (aid month of July, or hereafter shall give, will, devile, or af-

lign by will or other ad executed in his life, his manors, lands, 7\\ 7 * tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, by fraud or covin, to any other person or persons for term of years, life or lives, with one remainder over in fee, or with divers remainders over for term of years, life, or in tail, with a remainder over in fee-fimple to any person or persons, or to his or their right heirs 3

(2)	or at any time (ithen the said twentieth day of July hath conveyed or made, or hereafter shall convey or make, by fraud or covin, contrary to the true intent of this ad, any eftates, conations, menalties, tenures or conveyances, to the intent to defraud or deceive the King of his prerogative, primer fetfm, livery, relief, wardihip, marriages or rights, (3) or any other lord of their wardfhips, reliefs, heriots, or otner profits, which (hould or ought to accrue, grow, or come unto them, or any of them, by or after the death of his or their tenant, by force and according to the former eftatute, and of this prelent ad and declaration: (4) and the feme eftates and other conveyances being found by office to be fo made or contrived by covin,

fraud

  v^ooQle

lent convey* races.

9 Cb. xi9<

The rights of

other lord's intereft ex-

*42 Anno tricefitno quarto &qutoto Huf. III. C. [*542*3*

fraud or deceit, as i$ abovefaid, contrary to the true intern and A remedy for meaning of the.(aid former aft and of this aft 5 (5) that then thtf ^dfingd° a"	fhaH hayc m well the wardfhrp of the body, and cuftody

lent convey"	lan<*s, tenements and hereditaments, as livery, primer

antes. fcfa* relief, and other profits, which should or ought to appertain. to the King* according,to the true intent and meaning of the said former ad and of this prefer* ad, as though no such eftates or conveyances by covin bad never been had or madey until the said office be lawfully undone by traverfe or other-wife.

A remedy for XVL And that the other lord and lards, of whom any fcch other lords to manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be hoklen by avoid fraudu- knights fervke, as is aforesaid, (hail have their remedy in fiicn

*	cafes	for his or their wardfhips of bodies and lands, by writ of

right of ward; (2) and fliafldiftrain and make avowry or cog-pifence by themfelves or their bailiffs, for their reliefs, heriotsy and other profits, which should have been to them due by of after the death of their tenant, as if no such eftatc or conveys ance had been had or made:

XVII. Saving and referving always, by the authority afore-thcdonecs,&c. faid, the right and tide of the donees, feoffees, leflees and devi-Kbe’soi^1116 ^ees tbcreo^ againft the said devifor and his heirs, after the in-

•	g * tereft and title of the King or other lord therein ended and determined.

XVIL Provided always, That this aft of explanation or declaration, or any of them, or any thing in this fand aft, explanation and declaration contained, shall not extend to the will of devife of Sir John Goinsford, late of Crowherji in the county of Surrey, knight, deceafed; nor to the will or devife of Richard CreJiveS, late of Mattingly in the county of Southampton, gentleman, iieceafed $ nor to the will or devife of Thomas Unton, late of the county of Berks, gentleman, deceafed, Ion of Sir Thomas Union, knight, also deceafed \ (2) or shall be in any ways prejudicial or hurtful to any person or persons for or concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, contained or fpe-cified in. the said wills or devifes, or in any of them, but that the said last wills and devifes, and every of them, shall ftand, a-bide, remain, and be in the fame cafe, force, and effeft in the law to all intents, purposes and conftruftions, as the said last wills and devifes, and every of them, were before the making of this *ft, declaration and explanation, and of none other effeft or force j this aft, declaration and explanation, or any of them, or any thing therein contained to thecontrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Contribution XIX. Provided alway, and be.it enafted by the authority a-f°r him from forefaid, That all and every person and persons, from whom tho Kin^aketh King or oX^er l°rc* or *or<^s ta^e anY ^nors, lands, tene-anyfands to ments or hereditaments, for his or their foil third part, or tQ make up his make up his or their foil third part, shall and may by authori-thh-d part. ty of this present aft, in any of the cafes aforesaid, upon his or fi&on dpe/prt ^ exhibited in the King’s high court of chancery, againft

T>

ired.

>yer 187.

Certain persons to whofe wills this fta-tuteextendeth not.

  ^.ooQle

*54*-3-J Anno tricefimo quarto & qaintoHen.Vill. C.6,7,8. 143

all and every such person and persons which shall be intitled bycedt ibe «* or under any such will, gift, difpofition or devife, to the other tbe two parts, have such contribution or recompence for the fame, as by the lord chancellor of England, or by the keeper of the great feal of England Sat the time being, Audi be thought good 3 Co. *$. and convenient.	cf	•L,t- *•

CAP. VI.	7«.	a-»«• b.

No person (hail put to fale any pins, but only such as shall be

double-headed, and have the heads (bldered fad to the (hank REP. 37 H. 8. of the pin, well fmoothed, the (hank well (haven, the pointc* Jl* well and round filed, cauted and (harpened.

CAP. VII.

The lords authorized by the statute of 28 H. 8. c. 14. to fet the

prices of wine in grols, may mitigate and enhance the prices EXP. 37 H. U of wines to be laid by retail, as time and occafion (hallc* *3m require.

CAP. VIII.

A bill that persons, being no common furgeons, may minifter medicines, notwitbfianding tbe ftatute.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the third year of the King’s moft gracious reign, amongji other things, for the avoiding of forceries, witchcrafts, and other inconvenienciesy it was enabled, That no person within the city of London, nor with-in feven miles of the fame/jbould take upon him to exercife and occupy as pbyftcian or furgeon, except he be first examined*\ approved*, and admitted by the bijhop ^London and other, under and upon certain pains and penalties in the fame afl mentioned: (2) fithence the making Abufei of of which faidaft, the company and fellowjhip of furgeons ^London, minding only their own lucres, ana nothing the prefit or eafe of the jL theVurgc-difeafed or patient, have fuedy troubled, and vexed divers honeft per- onsofLonaoxu fonsy as well men as womeny whom God hath endued with the knowledge of the naturey kind, and operation of certain herbsy roots and watersy and the u/ing and miniftering of them to such as been pained with euftomable aifeafesy as womens breafts being fore9 a pin and the web in the eye, uncomes of hands, burnings, failings, Jore mouths % the ft one, Jlrangury, faucelim and morphewy and such other like dif-eafes; and yet the faia persons have not taken any thing for their pains or cunning, but have minxftred the fame to poor people only for neighbourhood and Gods fake, and of pity and charity. (3) And it is now well known, that the furgeons admitted will do no cure to any perfony but where they Jhall know to be rewarded with a greater fum or reward than the cure extendeth unto: for in cafe they would minifter their cunning unto fore people unrewarded, there Jhould not fo many rot and pertjfb to death for lack or help of furgeryy as daily do ; but the greatejl part of furgeons admitted been much more to be blamed, than thofe persons that they trouble.	*

II.	For although the moft part of the persons of the said craft of furgeons have fmall cunningy yet they will take great fums of money, and do little therefore, and by reafon thereof they do oftentimes impair and hurt their patientsy rather than do them good; (2) in confidera-6	tion

  <^,ooQLe

144 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. C.9. [1542-3;

tion whereof, and for the eafe, comfort, fuccour, help, relief, .and health of the King’s poor fubjeds, inhabitants of this realm, now pained or difeafed, or that hereafter shall be pained or difeafed;

Any fubjed of HI. Be it ordained, eftablifhed, and enaded by the authori-the icing may ty of this present parliament. That at all time from henceforth cure outward it shall be lawful to every person being the King’s fubjed, hav-withfbndin *nS knowledge and experience of the nature of herbs, foots and the flat. of* waters, or of the operation of the fame, by fpeculation or prac-3 H. s. c. 11. tice, within any part of the realm of England, or within any other the King’s dominions, to pradife, ufe, and minifter in and to any outward fore, uncome, wound, apoftemations, outward fwelling or difeafe, any herb or herbs, ointments, baths, puT-tefs and emplaifters, according to their cunning, experience and kndwledge in any of the difeafes, fores and maladies beforeiaid, and all other like to the fame, or drinks for the (lone, ftrangu-ry or agues, without fuit, vexation, trouble, penalty, or lofs of tneir goods, the forefaid statute in the forefaid third year of th$ King’s mod gracious reign, or any other ad, ordinance, or statute to the contrary heretofore made in any wife notwithftandmg.

CAP. IX.

An act for the prefervation of the river of Severn.

Farther pro- \Xf HERE divers persons, as well inhabitants, farmers anddwel-vided for by VV lers near unto the Jlream of Severn and unto the creeks and it Sc i»W. 3. pn€S 0j* fa fame, from Kingrod upward toward the city and town of ***}' *• *• Glocefter, conveyetb and carrieth grain and com out of the realm of England, unto the parts beyond the fea where grains are very dear, and now of late time have made picards, and other great boats witfi foremafis, of the burthen of fifteen tun, and fo to thirty-fix tun; and by reafon thereof, wheat, rye, beans, barley, malt and other kind of grains, by fiealth are conveyed into the utter parts beyond the fea, Ja that thereby the Kings majefiy is not only deceived of bis fiubftdy and cufiom for the fame, but it caufeth at such times wheat grain and other hind of corn as is aforejaid, to be at high prices; and by the fame means the inhabitants within the said city or town ^/'Briftol art often and sundry times deftitute, and fcant may have grain or com to ferve the Rings obedientfubjefts there dwelling and inhabiting; (2) and also by reafon of having of the said great boats and vejfels, oftentimes divers Jhips, as well of the parts beyond the fea, as other of Englifh Jhips lying in Kingrod and Hungrod (being ports or havens of the city or town of Briftol aforesaid, dijlant five miles or thereabouts, from the said town of Briftol) awaiting and tarrying theri the coming of the said great boats with corn and grain down Severn, who there atfeharge the grain and com aboard the said Jhips at King-rod, by reafon whereof the said Jhips, and other vejfels there tarrying for the receipt of the said grain and com, do then caft out theif ballafi of jlones, and other roble of ballafi of their said Jhips and vef-fels, into the said roads and havens of Hungrod and Kingrod, and there load the said grain or corn in the Jhips and vejfels, to the great dejlrutliou, and in continuance, to the utter undoing of the find roads

and

^ :ed by CjOO^Ic

*$42'“3-] Axmb tricefinftd quarto 8t quinto He&. VIII, c.g. 145

md havens, fo that the mouthy and whole channel of the/aid baton is Jo heaped dud quarred with Jlones.ani roble of ballafls of the /hips and hoots there arriving, that great flips* which ufe the coutfe of merchandize to the fend town of Briftol from, the parts beyond the fedy and from the /aid town laden with merchcmdtfe unto the utter parts, may fcantly or fafely come unto the King's Jaid port and town cf Briftol, and the river of the fame, and fi from the faii port and town of Briftol, unto the /aid Severn, without great danger and p#-ril; and by that means flips of great burthen are like to be defrayed and utterly to be cajl away; and if redrefs be not the fooner had there-’ in, it will be to the utter deflruftien of the haven and port of the faii tram of Briftol, which said town of Briftol is chiefly maintained by tntrfe of merthandife:	.

II.	Wherefore it may please the King’s majesty, the lords fpfc The penalty ritual and temporal, and commori* to this prefect parliament formatting of aflembled, and by authority of the fame, to ena£t, make and baUaftorroble ordain. That after the iaft day of July next coming no matter or

matters, owner or owners of fhip.or (hips, or of any other boat t|,e haven of or vettel, or any other person or persons, do caft or unload their Briftoh ballaft or roble at or in the said road called Kingrod and Hung-rod, nor in any of them, ne in any other place from the road of Kingrod unto the town, of Brifloly nor in no part of the haven thereof, but on the land only, above the full fea mark, (2) up* tm pain that every such owner, matter of (hip, or of other boat or vettel, and of every other person or persons catting and laying their ballatt or roble in the ftream, at the place Or in the river aforesaid, to forfeit for every time fo offending, iv, li. the One half thereof to be to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to the party that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, as well Within courts of record within cities and towns corporate, before the mayor* aldermen* fheriffs and bailiffs, according to their corporation* as elfcwhere to any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, a&ion of debt, information or.otherwife; in the Which a&km the defendant lhall not wage his law, neither yet no prote&ion nor effoin to be allowed*

III.	And further that it thay be ena<fted by the authority tfone&allload

aforefaid,That no person or persons from henceforth shall enboat any com in or lade, or caufe to be enboated or laden, any wheat, malt, vcM **£ beans, or any other kind of^grain or com, whatfoever it fhall	°

be, to any picard, boat or other vettel, at any creek, pile, bank tranfoort, be* or elfcwhere upon the Severn bream, between the key of the city fore he be of Glocejier, and the said city or town of Brifloli by the water of

Severn^ to the intent to be tranfported into the utter parts be-yond the fea, out of the King’s dominion, before that the said bring it theft, owner, or lader of the (aid picard, boat or other vettel, hath been with the King’s cuftomers of the said port and town of Brifloli and there by himfelf, and one fufiicient forety with him, boonden unto the King’s cuftomers of the said port and town of Briflol aforesaid, in foch.reafonableTurns of money, to the ufe of our said fovereign lord the King, as shall amount to the Voi. V.	L	doubly

  (^ooQle

54^	.	Anno	tiicefimo	quarto	&	quinto Hen.VIII. c.9. (1542-3.

double value of the laid grain or com there to be laden, or to be coboated, (2) upon condition that the said owner or matter of rhefaid picard or boat or other veflel, shall not repair, nor traniport <the (aid corn or grain, nor no part thereof, into any utter part beyond the fea,,out of the King’s dominion, before the said ^natter, owner thereof, (hail come and bring the (aid grain and com unto the key of the said town of Bnftd, and there to be viewed or feen the contents thereof, and the contents thereof to he declared unto the King's cuftpmers, and to the mayor of the laid town for the time being, if there be any such licence, or lawful caufc for to convey or traniport grain or com into the pacta beyond the (ea out of the £ud King’s dominion, there to be measured and mete by the common meafure of the said tpproL

l&c penalty IV. Aqd after the said obligation with condition fo made, where one fealed and delivered unto the said cuftomer, then the (aid cufto-deliver a fofficient cocket unto the party, owner or toberaeafor-	*>r	fo	bpunden,	to	convey	the (aid grain or com

ed, and thence untolthe key of Briftoly {%) uppn pain that every picard, boat or to be tranf* other vieffel fo laden with grain, or other kina of corn, fo to ported, than & earned or traidpegted into the utter parts beyond the fea, ***	***	dominion,	to	be	forfeited	as well the said corzv

* apd grain fo laden, as the (aid boat fo laden, contrary to this present aft, whereof theKing our fovereign lord to have the three parts thereof, and the pgtty that will foe for the fame the fourth party before the King’s snoft honourable council, according to the King’s proclamation in that behalf made and provided.

The penalty .	^n^ ^ker he & «wfted by authority afordaid, That if

for denying7 dholl appear ujpon the meafcring thereof, unto the mayor of the meafanng At said town of Briftoly and to the King’s cuftomers then for of com at	the time being, that there is mart com or grain laded to be

Briftol. iraariportcd into the parts beyond the lea, within any of the laid Yefleb, boats, picards or trows, over and above four quarters ; then it shall be lawful unto the said mayor and cuftomers there for the time being, fo caufc the owner and conveyor thereof 1m~ to the said town of Briftoly to make fale of such corn and grain as shall bb brought, over and above the contents of the said cocket prliccnfe, and over and above four quarters befide the said socket or licenfe, according as the prices of such grain and com ~	are commonly worth and fold in the open market of the (aid

town of Btifiah, (2) the said common meter to	tbo

meafuring of every weigh of com ii. d. on pain of every person being owner of the said grain or com, or having the charge of the lame, denying the meafuring of the said grain at the said key of Briftoly to lofe and forfeit for every time fo denying v. Ij. the one half thereof to he to our said fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to be to the party that will fue for theiame in any court of record, by aftion or debt, information or other-wife; in the which aftion the defendant shall not wage his law, nor proteftion nor efibin be allowed.

VI. And

  (^.ooQle

*Anno lacefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. c. io. 147

VI; And bo it^bena&e~d by the authority afofefiudj That no The penalty person or persons, after the first day of Augujl next coming, do eaft or unlade out 6f any manner at fhip^ crayer or any other lny channel, teflel, being within any haven, road, channel or river, flow-haven, road or ing or running to any port-town, or to any city, borough or river, town within this realm, or any other the King’s dominions, any manner of ballaft, ruhbifh, gravel, or any other wreck or filth, but only upon the land above the full fea mark, (a) upon pain that every person and persons offending this a£t, to lofe and forfeit for every time fd offending v. li; the one half to the King our fovereign lord* and the other half thereof to such per a (bn and persons as will file for the fame, by bill, plaint, origin nal writ or information, in any of the King’s courts of record, in which a&ion or fait no wager of law fhaU be admitted^ not* any dibin or prote<5Uon alio week

CAP. X;

The bill for making of coverlets in l^orlc:

WHEREAS the city of York, being one of the ancient anJi grcqttjl cities within the realm of England, afore this tinlA hath been maintained and upholden by divers and funary handicrafts there ufed) and mfl principally by making and weaving of coverlet and coverings for beds, and thereby a great number of the inhabitants and pee? people of the fajd city, fupurbs thereof** and other placet within the county of York, have been daily fet on work in /pinning, cardingf dying, weaving, and otherwifi concerning the making of them, to the great commodity of the inhabitants and poor people of the, find city, hewing thereby Iwefl livings, and not made elfewhere in qn% part of the fame (aunty*, ($) for the true, fubfiahtial, and perfeh baking whereof, many gold and beneficial ordinances aid orders laye been djeVifid and made, as Well for the good (luff, concerning the /aid coverlets and coverings, as ajfo for the length and breadth of them ana, otherwife*, (2) of the which coverlets and coverings the btfl fort The altlze 0# Jbouldqnd ought by the fame ordinances to contain in length three yards, coverlets and in breadth tivp yards and a quarter at the leaf \ (4) the fecond madd^1”c^>r*e< fort to contain in lenph three yards, and, in breadth two yards; (5} they (haU be and the loweft of third fort jhould contain two yards and a half in fold* length, and in breadth ot/e yard and three quarters-, under pain of forfeiture of the fame; the ony half and moiety of the /aid forfeiture to be to the mayor and commonalty of the /aid city, and the other moiety to be to the wardens and company of the jaid handicraft of coverlet-maters.

II4 And forafmucb ay the fame coverlets and coverings were well and Jkbfianiially made and wrought, the King's fubjefts of divers parts of the realm, and alforfrangets of other foreign realms knowing the g&cfaffs of them, Were very defirous to have and buy the said coverlets and coverings $ (2) and now of late divers and sundry evil difipefed persons, apprentices not expert in the fame occupation, withdrawing themfebues out of the said city of York into the county af York and other places thereabouts, and also divers other persons in-

La,	habiting

  boodle

148 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. c. to. [i542-^ None m habiting in villages and towns within thejmi county, and nigh to tbi £KaUk(*ike co- fam'> intermeddling with the fame craft or occupation, having little vcrlcte but	experience therein, not being bound to the fend rules and ordinances, do

they which	daily make coverlets and coverings, neither of goodfluffs nor of good

dwellin York. ajftze, length or breadth, andfor the utterance of the fame ufe daily toe craft and fdbtilty of hawking abroad in the country, to villages and to mens houfes, putting the fame naughty ware to fait fecretly, not only to the great impoverijhing of the inhabitants of the said city, and alto , to the great deceit of the Kings true and faithful fubjefls buying the said coverlets, to the great defaming and pander of the said handicraft, but also to the impoverijhing of the inhabitants of the said city, and utter decay of the fame, if remedy the fooner herein be not provided: (2) It may therefore please our fovereign lord the King, with the aflent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, that it may be en-ln what places adted by the authority of the fame. That no manner of person only coverlets or persons dwelling and inhabiting within the said county of ^nUnwto or nigh unto the fame, (hall, after the feaft of St. Michael, fafr	the archangel next coming, make any coverlets or coverings to

t>e put to fale, unlefs such person or persons, after the said feaft, be inhabiting or dwelling within the city of York, or within the fuburbs of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of every (uch coverlet or covering made, wrought and put to fale, contrary to the tenor of thiseftatute, or the value thereof.

III.	And be it further enacted by the said authority, That no manner of person or persons of the occupation of handicraftsmen of coverings or coverlet-makers, dwelling within the find city of York, or the fuburbs of the fame, or elfewhere within the said county, shall from and after the said feaft ufe the (aid craft of hawking, or go as hawkers, or put to fale any coverlets in any other place or places out of the said city and liberties thereof, but only in the open markets and fairs, (2) upon pain of forfeiture ®f the fame coverlets and coverings, or the value thereof; the one half of the said forfeitures, it it be in any city, borough or town corporate, to be to the mayor and commonalty, bailiff, governor or other ruler and commonalty of every such city, borough or town corporate, authorized to have the lame by grant or preftrription or otherwise lawfully 5 and the other half thereof to such person or persons as shall ieize or fue for the fame by bill, plaint, adtion, information or otherwife, in any court of record, wherein no wager of law, dilatory plea, or protedlion shall be allowed or admitted.

IV.	And if the said forfeiture happen to be taken or found out of the said cities, towns or boroughs, having no such authority, then the one moiety of the said forfeiture to be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs andfucceflors, and the other moiety to such person and persons as will fue for the fame in any of the King's courts, in form aforesaid.

Searching for . V. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That coverlets not the wardens and fearchers of the said occupation and handicraft 'vd 1 wrol,ollt> of coverlets and covering-makers within the hid city of York for

tbt

  L^ooQle

I542“3*} Anno tricefimo quarto&quintoHen.VIII. c. 11,12. 149

the lime being, and their fucceffors, (hall, after the said fcaft of or wanting af* St, Michael, have full power and authority, by virtue of this C*e# ad, to make fearch in all fairs and markets from Trent northward within this realm,of England, for all such coverlets and coverings as shall be put to fale, not being well and fufficiently .wrought, and made of. fufficient (luff, or not containing the ^ifiizes before limited and expreffed, according to the tenor of this ad, (2) and to feize and take the fame as forfeited; the one moiety and half of such forfeiture, if any such shall be of out of the laid cities, boroughs or towns corporate, to be to our fo-,vereien lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to be to the /aid learcHers and wardens that shall feize and take the fame j to be had and recovered in like manner and form as is afore ,rehearfed.

VL, Provided always, That it shall be lawful to every person and persons dwelling within the county 'of Yorky at their free .will and pleafures, at all times hereafter to make coverlets of what afiize, or of whatfoever (luff they will, for their own ufe Coverlets or (lore of their houfliolds, or for their lor^s to whom they be made for ienants : fo always, that the fame coverlets fo made shall not be tbemfelves or put to (ale.	their lords.

VII.	And alfo. That when and as often as the said fearchers or wardens of the occupation of coverlet-makers of the said city pf York shall make fearch in any liberties or franchises within the said county, for any the caufes in the said ad mentioned $

Jthat then and fo often they shall require the head officer of the fame liberties and franchises, or his deputy, to be aiding and ^Sifting, and also to go with them to make the said fearch. (2)

And if the fame officer or his deputy, uponrequeft fo made, re-fule or will not fo do, that then upon such denial and refufal, jhe fame fearchers or wardens to make fearch themfelves; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That the lords of the said liberties andfran-	lords' chiles, whpre any such fearches shall be made by authority of of franchises this ad, shall have such fines and forfeitures, as of right they shall have the ought to have by reafop of any such fearches, in as large and £e.ncftt °f funple manner as they ought to have had the fame before the *elture8p jnaking of this ad, and a$ if this ad had never been had nor

made.

CAP. XL

l.n rrtVi Kr.'lrlfVl inrl nrr\r\A n	of LET* Jr I*	ac nr*rl

. broke, in Walei, and the forfeiture for default thereof,	%	Eliz.	c.	m.

cap. xn.	8*

An a£t fpr the paving of certain lanes and Greets in 1/mdnu



CA?.

 

Google

150 Aprio tricdffmo quirti&rquintb HfcN.VIIl.e.

CAP. XIII.

An act for making of knights and burgeffes within the county and city of Chefter.

TO the King our fovereign lord, in mofi humble wifi /Mint iitite your excellent Majefiy\ the inhabitants of your Grace s tottnty phlatitie of Charter, That where the find county palatine ^©hffta' is bud hath bteti always hitherto exempt, ekfluAei and Jfbdrtitrd edt find from ypur high court of parliament, to kdve an} kntghts and budr-g'efjes vjithin the hid court \ by reafon whereof the said inhabitants *have hitherto fuflalhed ntakifold dtjherifihr, lofts and damages, as as Well in their lands, goods and bodies; as ih mtkood-, rfyil add politick governance and maintenance of the commonwealth of their find 'country: (2) And firafmuch as the find inhabitants have always hitherto been bound by the hfts Arid fldttites hade and ordained by your /aid Highnefi, and your hofi time fifogfmtors, bynutboritf ef the fold UUrty at fdr forth AtJAher Mhtth, elite) and boroughs have

been, that have baa ihYir heights arid burgeffes within your Jhidtouri of parliament, And yet have had Neither knight ne burgefs there for the said county palatine} the said inhabitants, for lack thereof haVe been oftentimes touched and grieVei tilth aAs andfthtUtes made Within the said court, as Well dt&'ogdtdry Unto the tmft anntnt jurifdiflion^ liberties and privileges of your fai a c&unty palatine, as prejudicial unto the common wealth, guietnefs, reft and peace of your Grace's moft frounden fiibjefts inhabiting within the farhe: (3) For remedy whereof, it may please Jour said Highnefe, that ft may be en-afted, with the aflent ot the lords fpiritualjmd temporal, and ihe commons, in this present parliament aflerrtbled, and by th^ Tb« county of authority of th6 (ante, That from the end of this present fcf-Chefter shall £5^ the fajj county palatine 6f Chejler shall have two knig^rt^ fo^tl^fliifetS ^or t^ie c°unty palatine, and likewife two citizens to be bur-ahd the city gefles for the city of Chejler, to be clc&ed and chofen by protefs ' ~L rt to be awarded by the chancellor of England unto the chamber-lain of Chejler, his lieutenant or deputy for tffe time being} '(4.) and also like procefs to be made by the said chsmbeHain,' his lieutenant or deputy, to the fheriff of the said county of Chefler; (.5) and the fame election tb be made under Hke manner and form, to all intents, conftrp&ions and purposes,* as W ufed within the.county palatine of Lancajler, or any other ^ county and city within this realm of England: f6) which said knights and burgeffes, and every of them fo elefted and chofen, shall be returned py the said fheriff into the chancery of England in due form? and upon like pains as it is ordained that the fheriff or fheriffs of any other county within this realm should nuke their return in like cafe; (7) and which said knights and burgeffes, and every of them fo ele&ed and returned, shall be knights and burgeffes of the court of parliament, and have like voice and authority to all imehts and puipofes as any other the knights and burgefles of the said court of parliament have, ufe and enjoy; (8) and in like wife, shall and may take all and

2	every

of Chefter % burgefles for the parlia-flient.

 

Googk

Artifc tbicdim	Hw.VIIL c.i£ 151

every such Eke liberties, advantages, dignities, privileges, Wages, fees and commodities concerning this said court of parliament, to aH intents, conftru&ions and purposes, as any other the knights arid burgefles of the Bad court (hall, may, or ought to have, take ot enjoy.

iX And also whirl il is aHd bath beeh tiled within the find county palatine, that upon the fuggeftioH of any person that it or hath beert SMtii to atop other petfiti ot forfeits totting to the exihtqtitf within the find county palatine, tind were taking a cotporal oath, that he ot* they fiSaS pay bis Or their treditors at such time as he or they Jbdll he Me thereto, the ojfkets of the fed estebiquet have ufed without warrant to grant out Of the fame exchequer a writ in nature of a protection, whereby the fitid creditors have been and be greatly delayed, and id a tidmer defrauded of their fed debts, to the great impoveu lijbrient and undoing cf the said creditors: (2) For reformation Whereof, it may ajfp pjeaft your said Highnfcfs that it fee ena<5ted by the authority aforefeid, That no such Writ, Of coUrfe with- No writ of out a fpeciaf Warrant from your said Highnefs, your heirs ot fuc- coarfc in rha ceflors, containing any such ptpte&ion, be from the first day of nat^® ?fa October which fhafl be in the year of our Lord God 1542, Si2l be grant-granted ; but that all and every foch writ9 of courfe after the ed in the m6 day to be granted, to be void and of none effect 7 any county pala-ciiftom, ufc or privilege to the contrary hereof notwithftand-

CAP. XIV.

Ad aft fat a certificate of comiCts to bp made into tip Kings bench.

WHERE before this time divers perfims have been in&Cledi ar- ^ al.

raigned and attainted, andJome of them clerks convifi, and i*Co. 31,101# feme if them clerks attainted, and Jome of therh outlawed for murder, burglary, robbery and other felonies, before justices df the peace, justices of gaol-delivery and fences of Oyer and Determiner, within divers cities, counties, franchtfes arid liberties within this realty, the retords of which attainders, outlawries and convictions, often find many times by negligence of the clerk of ihe crown, clerks of peace, clerks of afifife, and such other as have had the order, Hile,/keeping and governance of the fame records, have been imbezzled arid not ppady to be objected agatnjl Juch perfims as have beeri newly arraigned before our fiovereign lord the King in his bench, or before other the King's juftices, for tike and such other offences by them committed or done;

(2) aruffor that it bath not been certainly known whither to refort for the fame records, becaufe they were not certified into any place certain, (2) by reafon whereof fiometime such persons and tike offenders, which have been newly arraigned, as is aforefed, have had the benefit ef his or their clergy where they ought not, ne Jhould have had the fame, if tb^fed records had then been present in the fame place where such person or persons were fo newly arraigned, or elfi certified into feme other place certain, where ihe fame records might have been fetn,fent for or written for} to have been objected againft such perfon

hi	.or

  LjOOQle

>s%	Anno tricefimo quarto jfequinto Hen.VIU. c< 14, [ 154*-$'*

or persons fo newly arraigned; (4) whereby as well the King oar fovereign lord, as also au other persons^ have many times loft their Meat Si and other advantages and forfeit teres that they Jbould have had by mew of the said attainder/, to the great Ioffes both of our said fovereign lord the King and other per fins my and aljo the fame offenders have had their clergy where they ought not fo to have hady to toe great boldnefs and encouraging of like offenders.

II.	In confideratiop whereof, be it enacted by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by authority Clerks of af- of the fame. That the clerk of the crown, clerks of the peace, life, &c. shall and clerks of aflife for the time being, where any such attainder* th^Kine's	<7JJtlawry or conviction shall be fo had,, shall from the feaft of

bench the	rentecofi next coming, not only certify a tranfeript briefly and

names of such in few words, containing the tenor and effeCt of every such as be outlaw- indictment, outlawry or conviction, and clerk attainted before or ceaSSed	t^cm	ted, made or pronounced, that is to fay, thq

of^eloiiy.	name, furname and addition, of every such person or perions as

(hall be fo indited, and thereupon outlawed, convicted or clerk attainted, and the certainty of the Cud felony or. other offence whereupon he or they shall be fo outlawed, convicted or clerk attainted, apd the.day and place of his outlawry, conviction and attainder, and the day and place wh^re and when the said felony or other offence, whereupon the said person or persons shall be fo indicted, outlawed, copviCted or clerk attainted, shall be made and done, before the King our fovereign lord in his bench at Weftminfter in the county of MidMefex, there to remain of record for ever amonglt other the King’s records there, within forty days next after aniy such attainder, conviction or outlawry (hali te had, made or pronounced, if the term be then5 and not, then within twenty days next after the beginning of the term next following the said forty days; but also shall deliver a tranfeript of every such indictment whereupon the said person A tranfeript and persons lhall fortune hereafter to be copviCted, or clerks ment deliver- attainted, t0 the ordinary to whom the body of the said person cd to the or-* or persons shall be fo committed j (2) the (aid ordinary paying dinary. to every such clerk as shall write the said tranfeript, for every copy of such indictment xij. d. for his pains, (3) upon pain that every clerk of the crown, clerk of the peace and clerk of aflife for the time being, before whom such indictment, attainder, outlawry of conviction shall be fo had, made', pronounced or remain, for the non-certifying of every such record, and delivering the copy of such indictments to the (aid ordinaries according to this eftatute, to lofe and forfeit xl. s. the one moiety thereof to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to him that will fue for the fame by aCtion of debt, bill, information or otljerwife, in any pf the King’s courts of record, The clerk of wherein no wager of law, efloin or. protection lhall be allowed, the crown	And	the clerk of the crown in the King’s tench shall re*

thecenificltes.ceivc	certificates	and	tranferipts	at	fuch	time	as	they

(hall be tendred and profered unto them by the said clerks oif the crown, clerks of the peace and clerks of aflife, or by their

deputy

  LjOOQle

J542-3*] Anoo tricefimo quarto & quinta HenT-VHI. c. 15.,	153

deputy or deputies, without taking any thing for the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of the fum of forty shillings for every wch certificate by him refufed.

III.	provided always, and be it further ena<fted by the au- so more thority aforesaid, That if there be any mure perfoos contained names shall be and named in any fuchindidlment, other than such person fo at- certified than tainted, convi&ed or outlawed, that then foch xlerk of the crown, clerk of aflife, cleric of .the peace, with whom the re- c ,*c* cotd of fiich attainder, outlawry or conviction shall remain,

(hall, within the time before in this a<5t limited, certify ,the tranf-cript of such tndi&merit, outlawry or conviction, only concerning such person or persons fo indicted,, attainted, outlawed or convicted, into the King’s bench at 1Viftminjlery as is aforesaid;

(2)	which jtranfeript fo certified, shall be had and taken as good, effectual and available in law, to all intents, conftruCtions and purposes, againft such person and persons againft whom it (hall, he fo objected, alledgea or pleaded, a6 if the very record thereof, whereupon he or they were fo indicted, were there prefent.

. IV. And be it cnaCted by the authority aforesaid. That The clerk of the (aid clerk of the crown in the King’s bench for the time the crown being, shall at all such times as the justices of the gaol-de- ccrt,^£ livery, or iuftices of peace in every county within this reahn ef England, do write unto him for the names of such persons the juftices. which be fo attainted by outlawry, or clerks attainted or con-vid, and certified into the said bench of our (aid fovereign lord the King, shall incontinently without delay certify the said names and furnames of the said persons, with the caufos why and wherefore they were convict or attainted, unto the justices of gaol-delivery, or justices of peace, upon the pain and penalty toforfeit for every name of such persons which shall be fo written for, and not certified by the said clerk of the crown of the King’s bench to the said juftices, xl. s.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That this No a& nor any thing therein contained shall not extend to the Chefter La^% clerks of the crown, clerks of the peace, clerks of gaol-delivery, cafter, bur-~ neither to any of the prenotaries within the counties of Wales ham. and Cbejter, or within the counties palatines of Lancajler and Ditrefme, or any of them, to make any tranfeript of any such attainder, convi&ion or outlawry of any person or persons convicted, attainted or outlawed before trie King’s justices of hi9 counties of Wales nor Cbejler, or county of Lancajler, Durefme, or any of them; but that the fame records shall and .may remain and be in the cuftody and keeping of the laid clerks and prenotaries, in such manner and wife as they are at this day ; this aor any thing therein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP. XV.

All gifts, grants and writings to be jnade by the bifhop of Bath z^ Wells, under his feal, of any his lands, offices, fees, fcfr. and confirmed by the dean and chapter of Wells in writing under their chapter feal, shall be good jn law to bind the *	w	fucceflors

154 Anfto tficdfttoo quarto & qointo Hen.VIII.- c. i [ 1543-3.

ftwceflbr6 of the feid b'rfhep: and the dean and chapter of Wtlls Ihall he for evtr the entire and foie chapter of the faad bifhoprick of Bath and Wells, whertof the prior and covfent of the diflolved monaftery of Skint Petit and Paul of Both were heretofore the half part.

CAP. XV!.

An ail for Jberijfs to be dtjcbarged upon their	,	and

to have allowances for, their reasonable expenses in the coart of exchequer.

This aft is re- TN mfl	humble wifi befieth the Kinfs majtfty his trite and faithful

pealed in J. fubjeels, the commons iri this	partimtnt	affrmbhd,	that

A white the Sheriffs for the mif of the counties within this realm

continued in

feems to be 0s England ftanfand be cbbrfed and chargeable toward his art. by * Stj h reofon of thkir ftid officesofjhtriffitnke, with choirs ancient firm!

part, and teems cont:

Id. 6~c. 4~~ J Annexed ante the ~corps~of Shi'fanU counties; that is to fay, with one Sheriffs, upon feme demanded of the Jberiff of hjery if the fold	for the time

being, in One whole font wider this title. Device derem. firm, com/ 1113 c,n poll terr. dit. which ferrh did, and yet partly doth, grind and octroi, as well of the IJfuis and profits	ks/tds	arid tenements, as front

tho	conqaffiukto the xi. year of the reign of King Edward the Ftrftc

did remain in the hands of the	and

of	themi do also yet remain in the bands of the King's	under

tho charge and euflody of the Jbetiffs of the fame toastiesfir the time beings it parcel of the ancient demidnes ana inheritances of the crown .ngldnd, not granted or given at also rehts of affife, rents

exchequer,

Ihall be dif-charged t>f futh Alms of mority Which they wrlhtef* tify by their oaths they

cannot levy;	__^ ^	wivii	^	w ,*	„ M r

havetaUo^aU	'called%mmenfines,“fberiffsaids, and 'of otherrentscertalf^lelonging

ances for the to the fame fetmti Arid the other fernu demanded bhwife in an-diet of the other while fum 1 videlicet, De vie de firmo proficno com. which jitftkes of	feme did and yet partly doth rife and grow of the perquiftte and

nll'Ife! and o. ^ °f	***tmrts	holdonby the fhetiffs at the days,	fheriffl

turns and hundreds, and of divers other casualties and profits, yearly happening and falling within the hundreds and wapentakes of the fui

tber their reafonable

j

fevered counties, panel of the corps of the fame counties of old rime Annexed to the	faid crown of Englandj and also Jlani and be charged

andchargeabu by rtafon of their said offices, with divers fums of money demanded of them Severally for the femes of divers	,

fertes,fergeantes, and minute rents, and other femes exacted and demanded of the fhtriffi under the title or name of the fberiff, as in the rolls, and Memoranda of the King’s court of Us tXtbequer, mere plainly il may appear which	fermes, and other funs of money before

rehearfed, be not, nor of long time have been, wholly levied or gather-id by any of the faidjhtriffs', but pirt of them have been yearly lofl and not colleffed, partly becauft of the said Jheriffs in times pqft have for-born to aftt or demand the	fame,or for to dejlrgin therefore, fo that it

is now not certainly known what lands or Jbouli be charged of chargeable	therewith •,and partly becauft great part of the lands and

tenements, hundreds and wapentakes, out wbireef part of the rents and profits belonging to the said fevebal fermes did iffiu and grew, have been given by the King’s highntfis or his noble progenitors, to fun-dry perfms, difeharged of the fame rents and	and yet none al-

lowance

  v^ooQle

1542-$.} Ahnd cHdefirfid quartd fe qitmtoHtN.Vln. fc.i£. 15$

ktvahee or deduhion hdlb been required nor modi thereof And now of tail dkjers minors, lands, tenements, rents, fuils,fervices, hundreds* hapbitaies, kibes, add rapes which were also chargeable with certain tents, fermes and irofits, pahel of the faia fermes before rehear fed, been erne unto thh pojftffion of the King"* maiejty, by the gift y grant,

£ Solution, fur render or attainder of divers late monafleries or houfei of religion, late furrendred* diffbtved, or otherwife come to bis Majejlys hinds, fy decaf on whhre'of the said rents, fermes and profits when did come and grow out of the fame, behi now clearly extinguijhed and de-terrhinid; by reafoti whereof the said Jheriffs have heretofore fujlain-id, and from henceforth been like tojufiain much more lofs and damage in the said fermes, and charges before r 'ehearfed, upon the determination of their accounts ih the King's court of his exchequer, than they Sucre ivoht to do, unlefs tome good refnedy be tht fooher provided for them in this behalf It may therefore please the King’s mo ft excellent highnels, that it bfe enaefted, ordained and eftabliftied by his Majesty, with the advice and afient of the lords lpiritual and temporal, and thfc commons, ih this present parliament af-fembled, and by authority of the fame, That from henceforth iH iftd every perfoh, which now is, or hereafter shall be, (heriff or fheriffs of any county or counties accountable or anfwerable ih the exchequer, (haH at his day of prefieftion, immediately afr after he is fwofn to account of the iflues and profits of his office of fherifFfoike, arid every other perfon, which of late have been (heriff or (heriffs of any of the said counties, and have no faille of regard, hoi* have hot yet determined his or their account, or otherwife be difeharged or pardoned thereof, shall in the fame term that he taketh his oath to account, be fwom by himfelf, or by his attorney or deputy (worn for him, when he shall anfwer before the lore! treasurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons of thef said exchequer5 or i n the abfence of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains or chancellor, or any of them, then before such of the lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor, and of the (aid boron's, as then shall happen to be present in the said court, to brine in and deliver into the said court, rolls or fcfiedules of parchment, containing in them truly without omiffion or concealment, all such particular fums of money which he hath levied or lawfully might have levied to his writing or knowledge within his bailywike, as part or parcel of the said ancient fermes, dnd the other fermes before rehearfed, making exprefs and dif-riridt mention in the fame rolls or fchedules, as near as he or they can or may, of what perfon, and'in what lands and tenements, and for what caufe the fame particular fums, and every of them, be levied of leviable toward the making of the fam* ferme, or any df them ; and that after the fame rolls or fchedules fo delivered, and the particular furqs of money in them contained, appertaining to their proper fermes, cait and rated before the lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons, or before the said barons in the abfence of the lord treafurer, chamberlains, or chancellor for the time being, or any or them i the jarpe lord treafurer, chamberlains^ chancellor.

  v^iOOQLe

t$6 Anno txicerimoquaxto&quinto Hen*VIII. ca6. [1542-3*

and the said barons, or the laid barons in the abfcnce of thefaid treafurer, chamberlains or chancellor, or any of them for the time being, shall have full power and authority by this a<5t, to make allowance, exoneration, and deduction in tne said open court, from time to time, by their diferetions, to every luch perfon, in every of the said fermes, of fo much money as the said fermes shall be more than the said particulars fo apportioned and contained in the said rolls or fchedules, do amount unto ; and for reviving and recovery of such parcels belonging to any of the said fermes. Or other the premises, omitted out of the said rolls or fchedules, and for faving of other the King’s ancient rights and inheritances, anfwerable in the said exchequer, which be now wrongfully withdrawn, and unjuftly with-holden from his pofTelfion; the lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons of the said exchequer, or the fame barons in the abfence of the said treafurer, chamberlains and chancellor, or any of them, shall from time to time award fuchprocefs, and ufe luch convenient ways and means by commiffion, or otherwife, according to the courfe of the faia exchequer, and further as shall be devifed by their diferetion, fo that the King, his heirs and fuccelTors may be truly anfwered of the ilTues aiul profits of the fame, without other warrant to be purfued and obtained for the premifles, or any part thereof; any eftatute, adl, ordinance, or ufe heretofore to the contrary, had, made or ufed, in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And furthermore, where divers and sundry fums of money been refpefted to any person s, which have been Jberiffs of the said counties before this time, upon their accounts yieldcn in the Kings said court of his exchequer of the forefaid fermes and other vicounties, upon divers petitions in the said court, for fo much as they nor any of them could nor might levy thefame by virtue of the fummons of the Jaid exchequer, for such caufes as the fame late Jheriffs have alledged in their said petitions, as by the fame petitions more plainly doth appear: be it therefore enacted by the authority atorefaid. That all and every the said late (heriffs, upon their oaths taken in the said courts, that the caufes alledged in the fame petition be true, and the fame caufes examined in the fame court accordingly, be by virtue of this present a<$t clearly acquitted and difeharged againft the King’s majesty, and his heirs and fuccelTors for ever, of all and every such fum and fums of money, fo not levied nor leviable, but in refpeft, as is before rehearfed. And thereupon such like procefs to be awarded by the said court, and such convenient ways and means by commilfion and otherwife to be had, according to the courfe of the said exchequer, from time to time, as shall be advifed by the said lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons, or in the abfence of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains or chapcellor, or any of them, by the said barons, and by as many of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains and chancellor, as then shall happen to be there present, without either warrant or fuit in that beijalf to be had.

^	HI.

1542-3J Anno triccfimo quarto & quintoHEN.VIII. c.16.	157

HI. Andforafmuch as the Jberiffs of the said counties for the time being* fall Jujlam and fupport divers charges, by reafon of their said office of fbenfuncky as in executing the King’s writs and fummons, and leypng all ferns of money contained in the extreats within their counties, and xn coming to the exchequer to make their prefers and views of their accounts, and make payment of all that fall be due upon every of their views and accounts, and other divers cojls and charges concerning the fame office ofJherifwick, without having from henceforth any tatlle or tailles of reward, portage or other allowance towards their said charges\ And where also divers of the said Jheriffs heretofore have ufed at their own cofts to bear yearly the charges of the expences of the King’s justices ofaffifes, Nifi Prius, general and fpecialoaol-deliveries, and Oyer and Determiner, and of their clerks efaffifes and fervants at the fame feffions, at their coming two times in the year, during such time as the	ices	remain	and ferve the

King's highness there, without hav „ tofore any recompence or allowance for the fame. And to the intent that every of the said Jberiffs for the time beings may and fall hereafter be more able diligently to ferve the King in his or their said offices, without taking any unlawful exaftions of the King’s fubjefis, and also better to make pro-vifions for the juftices, and their company in their circuits, having aid of the King towards their said charges and expences: the King’s highness, of his liberality, in confederation of the fame charges,

(b to be iuftained by- the said (heriffs, is contented and pleafed that it be  enacted by his Highnefs, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every of the Hud (heriffs, coming to his accounts in the said exchequer,

(hewing a bill fubferibed with the hands of the said juftices, or of such of them as shall be present at the said affiles and feffions, making plain mention of the days and time that the said justices did abide or remain in the fame county at the cofts of the said (heriffs, in or about the King’s said anairs and bufinefles, shall have allowance as well hereof as for other his said reafonable cofts, upon his or their accounts in the said exchequer, by the dhcretion of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons, and in the abfence of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor or any of them, by the said barons, and by as many of the said lord treafurer, cnamberlains and chancellor, as them shall happen to be there prefent, by authority of this present ad, without other warrant, or any further fuit to be had or made in this behalf 3 fo that all the allowances for the cofts above faid, to all the (heriffs, do not amount in any oneyear above the fum of three hundred forty and two pounds 37 h. %, c. *3. fix (hilling and eight-pence ? this ad to continue and endure only to the end of the next parliament.

»5$ Anno tricp^ovQ quarto St qt^oHEN.VJU. q.tf. £*542-3.

CAP. XVII.

An act for bishops newfy ereto pay their tenths in the

court <?/ tbfjirjl-frwts tenths only.

*6 H. s.e. v \X7’HERE	inth* parliament begun and balden	London the

it wa» enabled, V V third thy of November in the twtnty-firft year of the reign ftoutdhave a6 °f	mfi	dread fovtreign lord King Henry the Eighth,-and from

yearly tenth thence adjourned to Weftmipfar, there bolden and	by

of all fpiritual divers prorogations until the	thereof,	it was among other

promotion*, things cjlabljhed and enabled. That King's	bis heirs and

a» Co. 45.	fiicufftrs, for the augmentation and maintenance of the royal efiate of

his imperial croum and dignity of fiufireme head of the church of England, Jbouldyearly have, take, enjoy and receive, united and knit unto his imperial crown for ever, one yearly rent or	a-

mounting to the value of the tenth part of all the revenues, rents, farms, tithes, offerings, emoluments, and of all other profits, as well called fpiritual as temporal,then appertaining or belonging, or that afterward from thenceforth Jbould belong, to any archktjhoprick, hijboprick, abbacy, monaftcry, priory, archdeaconry, d/asry, bojpital, college, boufie, collegiate, prebend, cathedral church, collegiate church, conventual church, parfonage, vicarage, chauntry, free chapel, or pther benefice or promotion Jpiritual, of what name, nature or quality fotver they were, within any of	or	in	Wales;

{2) the Jiaidpenfion or annual rent to be yearly paidfor ever to ear /aidSovereign lord, to his heirs	of	tbit realm,

at the feaft if tie nativity of our lord God, as by the fame aO, pmongdivert ether things therein contained, mare plainly is/hewed and may appear.

1» H. *. c. 45.	II. find where	alfo at the parliament begun at Weftrainfter the

th' rt	twenty-eighth day of April in	year of our fond Jo*

fruit* was" vereign lord the King's moft gra reign, ami afterward crofted. by divers and fundsyprorogations until the	thereof, there

was by authority of the said parliament	and e/hthb/hed a cer-

tain court,called The court of the Jirrt-fruits and tenths.

III.	find it was further enabled by the authority of the said liament, That the fold firfl fruits and tenths, and all.the and profits thereof, which (ken wore, or hereafter from bene forth Jbould grow or be by any manner of means, Jbould he from in the order, fujrvey, and governance of the Jaid court of the and tenths, and. the m/nifiers of the fame, as by the find a&, amongfi divers other things therein contained, plainly appearctb. (2) Sithes the mating of which Jaid all, our faid	lord, of bis tmfi

gracious cad Ugffed	dijpofition,by his mojl gracious let tert patents,	boob

made, ere fled,incorporated, and eftoblijhed, within this his realm, dir vers andfundry bijhops, and fees of	that is toJay, John now

Fire new bi- bijhop^/ Chelter, John now	of Gloucefter, John new

th */'f>cierh° rough, Paul now bijhop r/Briftol, and Robert now bijhop King's letters* °fOxenford ; and by the fame his	and sundry letters	patents

patents. hath	fundrilyand feverally given	and granted unto the said bijhops

divers andJiiniry manors, lands, tenements end hereditaments; (3)

1544-3 ] AnflAftkefiincfQuarto £rjtfinto Hs&Y2H.	259

in which said	feveralUtters patents there been rtfcrvti unto his

Higbnofs, to	heirs and ftmeffers, certain	rents and pen-	,

fens, amounting to the . tenth of the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments,	fa	feveraily	given to the bijbeps, to

be pad and payable yearly, in our jhid fauereig lord the King's of augmentations of the revenues of hiserowu, as in the said feveral tetters patents more plainly appearetb.(4) Andns by the faidformer efiatuies the	faid	bi/bops Jbeencompellable every fine of them

to pay the tenths of his or their peJMwfS annexed to their feveral bf/heprichs, iff air faidfovereign lordihe King’s court of frjl-frufts and tenths, the said bishops He and Jhall be double charged ana chargeable with the payments of the said rents and penftons, referued and to be paid as b abpyefaid, for that, that the payments thereof of the said courts is no dsfcharge in the other, contrary to the true intent and mewing of the King's highssefs, and to the great hurt and decay of the find	bijbops and their fmeffors, if fptedy remedy be

not therefore provided: {5) For reformation whereof^ be it Thebiihop«of  enacted and ordained by authority 0* this prefect parliament, Chefter,G)ou-That all the yearly wnts, tenths and penfions, as is or be ^er> Peter-above rehearW, neleryed in and by all and lingular the King’s highuefs Cud feveral letters patents, pia.de of any manors, lands, ford> <hail pay tenements, pprfonages appropriate* pr other hereditaments their tenth* whatsoever they be, fithen the twenty-eighth day of April in jnthecourtof the said thirty-firft year of the reign qf our said foveieim lord, firft'fru,t** to any of the said feveral bifljops, fhah, from the first day ot May next coming, be in the rqje, governance, and furvey of thelaid court of firA-fruits and tenths. (6) And that all such and the lame rents, penfions and tenths, mall be from the faidfirft day of May payable, and always paid, ip the said court of firft* fruits and. tenths, and not elkwhere, par in any other court or place ; any thing rebelled W the Card feveral letters patents, or in any of them, .or any ad, ftatutp, or law had, made, or ufed to the contrary thereof potwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afopefaid. That the said bilhops, nor their fuccelTors, ne apy of them, shall at any time hereafter be impeached or fued in the faid

court of fim-fruits and tenths, of or for any tenth, yearly rent,

or penfion, refeeved in qr by any of the laid feveral letters

patents, which jnow is, or before the said first day of May

next coming shall be, dpe unto the King’s highness ; (2) and

that all ana lingular pracefs and fuits now had and purfued,

or hereafter on this fide the said first day of May to be had or.

fued out of the said court of firft-fruits and tenths, againft any Repealed by

of the said bilhops newly eroded and made, as is aforesaid, of,

for, or concerning only any yearly rent, penfion, or tenths, c:®/ul f£,

referred upon or by uny of the letters patents, shall ceafe and	be clearly void, to all intents and purposes.

CAP. XVIII.

A confirmation of all liberties granted by the King, or any of fiis progenitors, to the ipa)'Or and aldermen of Canterbury,

which

160 Anno tricefirtio quarto Srquinto Heh.VUI. c.19. [>542^

which the King may refume upon caufe. No foreigner, not being free of the laid cite, shall buy or fell any merchandise (faving vidual) to another foreigner; nor mall keep any mop, nor ufe any myftcry within the laid city, or the liber* ties thereof* without the licence of the mayor and aldermen* or the major part of them, in writing under their feai, upon pain to forfeit vj. s. viij. d. for every offence to the said mayor and aldermen, to be recovered by a&ion or diftreis* &i.

CAP. XIX.

An aS for the payment of penjions granted out of the late

Mies.

A reheaifal of TT ZHERE the archbijhops, bi/hops, archdeacons, and the ether ec-11H u f ▼ V clefiajlualperfons, ef both the provinces ^Canterbury and , touchin/the3* York within this realm of England, have heretofore, in the right of diflolution of their (httrthes, had and received out of the late monafteries, abbot hies, monafteries. priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitals, boufes of friers, and other religious and eccleftajlical boufes and places now dtjfohed, and out of the manors, ktms, tenements, and hereditaments belonging to toe fame, divers penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, Jynodies, proxies, other profits: (2) where also in the parliament begun and hotden at Wfcftminfter the twenty-eighth day of April in the thirty-firft year of the reign of our Jbvereign hrd Henry ihe Eighth, by the grace of God King of England, France and Ireland* defender of the faith, and of the church of England, and also ^Ireland, the fupreme head, it was ordained and enabled by the authority of the fame parliament. That as well the faid.late monafteries, abbathies, priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitals, boufes of friers, and other religious and ecclefiaJHcal houfes, and places, with the manors, landti tenements, hereditaments, and other profits belonging unto the famt late monafteries, abbotbies, priories, and other religious and etch-ftaJHcal boufes and places as then were, or then hereafter Jhould come unto the Kings higbncfs hands, Jbould be vefted, deemed, and adjudged in the aftual and real pojjemm and feifin of the Kings bighnefs, bis heirs and JucceJfers.

A rehearfal of II. Saving to all and every perfin and persons, and bodies politicly the faring in and their heirs and fucceffors, and the heirs and fuccejfers of aft and ofC ^a^^tutc every of them, other than the late abbots, priors, abbeffes, priorejfesi fpecifiecL * an^ ot^er eecleficftical governors and govtmejfes of the fend late monafteries, abbathies, priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitals, honfts of friers, and other religious and ealeftaftical boufes and places* ana their fuccejfors, and the JucceJfers of every of them, and fitch as pretend to be founders, patrons, or donors of fitch monafttries, abbathies, priories, nunneries, colleges, hofpitals, boufes of friars* and other eccleftajlical houfes and places, or of any manors, nuf-fuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments belonging to the fame, or to any of them, their heirs and fuccejfors, and the heirs and fuccejfors of every fucb founder, patron or donor, and the then abbots, priors, abbeffes, prtorejfes, and other eccleftajlical governors and governejjis of such monafteries, abbathies, priories, nunneries', colleges, hofpitals, houfes of friers, and other religious and ecclefiaJHcal

boufes

  LjOOQle

*544*4*] Amo tritefuno quarto & quinta Hen.VIIL d.i^ i$i

boufes mdpieces*' which then hereafter fimld happen to be diffohei, fypprfffed, renounced^ retinqvijbtd, forfeited, given up, or tome to the King's bigtmefsand such as pretend to be founders, patrons, or donors of (tub memories, abbatbies, priories, nunneries, colleges, befpitoU* boufes of friers, and other ecelefiafiical hbufits and places, or f any manors, meffuaget, lands, tenements or other hereditaments to the fame belonging, or to any of them, their heirs and fue-"ffors, and the heirs and fuceqffbrs if every of them* (2) all such right, title, claim, interejl, peffejjton, rents, charges, annuities,

Isafes, farms, offices, fees, liveries, livings, portions, penfions, cor* redoes, commons, fynodiet, proxies, and other profits, which they or any of them have, claim, ought, mdy, or night have hod in or tothe premijfes, or to any part or panel thereof, in Juth like manner, form and condition, to all intents, refpttts, conflruttions and pur-fofis, as if the fame ad bad never been had no made (rents-fervices, rents-feck, and all other fervites and fuits only except) as by the Jamb ad, among divers other things therein contained, more plainly isfbew* ai, and may appear*

III.	And yet notwithftatiding the said general fining contained in Penfiortty the find &l, the said archbijhops, bijbops, archdeacons, and other eccle- fynodiety fiafikal perfoeis of both the said provinces of Canterbury dnd York be, Prox^8i and Alien (he making of the find ad have been, difturbed and denied of the moving, receiving, and gathering of the said penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, fynodies and proxies, with other profits belonging unto them, by divers of the farmers and occupiers cf great fart and parcel of the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments of tin said late monafteries* and other ecclefiaftital houfes and pious, ft being parcel of the pqffeffms of them, and have no dire& mean to obtain, recover, or come to the fame, not only to their great hart and damage, but aljb like to grow and be to the great lofi and difherifon <f the King's majejiy, concerning his firfifruits and tenths :

IW Fot reformation whereof, be it ordained* eftablifhed penfiortt, kc* and cna&ed by the King’s highness, with the aiTent of the due ant of re* lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre-fem parliament aflerhbled, and by the authority of the fame*^tobi-That if any person or persons being farmer or occupier of any (hop,, arch- " manors* lands* tenements, parfonages* benefices* or other he- deacons, See* fcditaoients of any the said late monafteries or ecclefiaftical by the occu-faoufes or places, or belonging to them or any of them, by the King’s highness gift* grant, fale, exchange or otherwife, out of which presmfies any such portions, penfions* car* todies, indemnifies, fynodies, proxies* ot any other profits, have been heretofore lawfully going out* anfwercd or paid to arty of the archbifhops, bifhops, archdeacons and other ecclefiaftical persons abovefaid, do, at any time after the ftrft day of April next coming, wilfully deny the payment thereof, at the days of payment heretofore accuftomed, of any of die said penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, fynodies, proxies or any other profits* whereof the said archbifhops,

V 9I~ V,	M	bifhops*

  L^ooQle

at the common law.

162 Anno triccfimo quarto & quinto HEN.VIll.c.19. [1542*3.

biftiops,, archdeacons or other ecclefiaftical persons were in poflclfion at or within ten years next before the time of the dif-folution of any such monasteries or other ecclefiaftical houfcs or places i that then it shall be lawful for the fame archbiftiopt, biftiops, archdeacons or other ecclefiaftical persons aforesaid, being fo denied to be fatisfied and paid thereof, and having right to the fame thing in demand, to make such procefs as well againft every such person and persons as shall fo deny payment of the fame penfions, portions, corrodies, proxies, indemnities, fynodies or any other profits which of right ought to be paid, as is aforesaid, as againft the church or churches charged with the fame, as heretofore they have lawfully done, ,and as by and according to the laws and statutes of this realm they may now lawfully do, for the true payment and recovery .thereof; (2) and if the party defendant be lawfully convidt in any such fuit, caufe or matter, according to the ecclefiaftical laws, then the party plaintiff shall have and recover againft the party defendant the thing in demand, and the value thereof in damages, with his cofts for his fuit.

The remedyif y. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority ^teri^nable	That if it fortune the caufe or matter of variance be-

tween any of the said parties be determinable at the common law, that then the party grieved to fue for his recovery and remedy therein at the common law; (2) and if the party defendant fortune to be by the courfe of the common law lawfully condemned to the party plaintiff, then the said party plaintiff shall likewife have and recover againft the party defendant the thing in demand, and the value thereof in damages, with his cofts for his fuit.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and Angular such of the said archbi/hops, biftiops, archdeacons and other ecclefiaftical persons, which have right or title to claim, demand or enjoy arty of the said penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, fynodies or proxies againft any person or persons, to whom the King hath made, Hirdref* 98 or hereafter m*ke fo writing under feal, any fale, gift, Br rRecoverie gran* or leafe, for term of life, lives or years, of any of the laid ike* manors, lands, tenements, parfonages, benefices and other hereditaments charged or chargeable to or with any of the said penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, fynodies or proxies, and also hath covenanted, granted, promifed or agreed, or here* .after shall covenant, grant, promife or agree by the said writing to acquit, di(charge or fave harmlefs the lame person or persons, of all penfions, portions, corrodies, indemnities, fynodies and proxies, going out of the premifles, or any parcel thereof, as •be or shall be mentioned in the fame writings, or any of them, shall fue for their remedy and recovery thereof in the court of the augmentations of the revenues of the King’s crown, and not dfewhere; (2) and that the party defendant having any ► , such difeharge, being convented, called or fired in any other court or place, or before any other judge, for any the caufes '	abovc-

#)The remedy where the King hath demiftd any land wit I) covenant of difeharge thereof.

  LjOOQle

I542“3*] Artno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIIIx.20. i6y

iboveiaid, shall be difcharged and difmifled out of the fame court or place without any thing paying for the fame, by the only (hewing forth any of the said writings fealed under any of the King’s feals, proving or declaring the King' to have covenanted, promifed or agreed, to acquit, difcharge or fave harmlefs the said party defendant thereof, as is aforesaid ; any thing contained in this adt to the contrary notwithstanding.

w1

CAR XX;

An a£i to embar feigned recovery of lands wherein the King is in reverfioH.

HERE divers of the King’s moft noble progenitors,	The fpeeial

efpecially the King our fovereign lord mojl liberally above all reafons of the othery hath given and granted, or otherwife provided to his and their King’s gifts of loving and good fervants andfubjefts, as well nobles as other, manors, mcajesi lands, tenements, rents, fAvices and hereditaments, to themnsl ana to their heirs males of their bodies, or to the heirs of their bodies j Anderf. 46, lawfully begotten, minding at the time of such gifts not only to prefer, hi. 171. and advance prefently the donees, but also their heirs in blood of their	1

bodies, according to the limitation of the said gifts \ (2) to the in- *95* P* tent that recompence for the fervice of such donees Jkould not only be a benefit for their own persons, but a continual profit and commodity to and for their heirs coming of their bodies, whereby such heirs Jhould have in fpecial memory and daily remembrance the profit that they have and take by the fervice of their ancefiors done to the Kings of this realm, and. thereby be the better encouraged to do like fervice to their fovereign lord, as to their duties of allegiance appertained, {f)

And forafmuch as sundry such donees in tail and their heirs have fuffered and daily fujfer by their confents untrue and feigned recoveries to be had agaitifl them, with common voucher or otherwife, of manors, mcafes, lands, tenements or hereditaments fo given, granted, or provided In tail, by the King’s majefiy or his noble progenitors, as is aforesaid, to the intent by fraud, covin and untrue means, not only to bind and defeat their heirs inheritable by the limitation of such gifts, but also the King of his prerogative, wardfhip, primer feifin and other his rights ; (4) whereby queflions and diverfities of opinions Comfrion freo* have rifeh, and yet be, whether such feigned and untriie Recoveries yeries of lands againfi such tenants in tail by their oivn confents, of lands, tenementS in tail, where-

hr hereditaments, whereof the rcVerfioti or remainder is in the King ? •* L'll# r • r r 1	J	•	»	»	*	1 j r , 1	1	1	18	m reveriion,

at the time of Juch recovery or recoveries had, Jhould ajteR the death shall be void.

of the tenant in tail bind the heirs in ttiilq or not.

II. For plain declaration whereof, and to avoid arideactinclM0an15.pl. from henceforth diverfities of opinions in such cafes, be it or-dained and enabled by authority of this present parliament, Lit b. That no such feigned recovery hereafter to be had by aflent of cro. ki.3^. patties againft any such tdnant or tenants in tail of atiy 595. lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof the reverfion or Dycr remainder, at the time of such recovery had, shall be in the 2	*5,	*2,

King, shall bind or conclude the heirs in tail, whether any Br. Affuran.6. common voucher be had in any such feigned recovery, or not, Br. Difconr.

M 2	but	depofitflienjt.

 

Google

164. Anno triecfimo quarto & quLnto H*5N<VIU.C.2*,a2. £i 543,^4 Br. Formedon but that after the death of every fetch tenant in tail, againft I°*	whom any such recovery shall be had, the heirs lit tail may

2*1 Kccover’ enter, have and enjoy the lands, tenements and hereditaments C0.Lit.335.a- fo recovered, according to the form of *the gift of intail $ the said recovery, or any other thing or things hereafter to- be had, Reale ex de- done or fullered by or againft any such tenant in tail to the tnif. Due. contrary notwithstanding.

Athole a/. Wilding in B. R. Pafch. 13 G. a.

Ko recom- HI. And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ^ain(Uh<? *^at t^e ^eirs °f evci7 fach tenant in tail, againft whom any toucher. such feigned recovery mall be had, fhaU take no advantage for any recompenfe in value againft the voucher nor his heirs* ^nantintril	Provided	alway, That this aft, nor any thing therein

Stall ^-^py i,is contained, be in any wife prejudicial of hurtful to the leflee of term againft leflees of any such tenant in tail, made or to be made by writing tjie heir of bis indented, of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, leflor,	for term of twenty-one years, fliree lives, or under, whereupon

the accuftomable rent or rents, or more, is or shall be referved yearly during the said term and terms; but the fame leflee and leflees lnall and may have and enjoy his or their term and terms therein againft the heir and heirs of every such tenant in tail, according to the tenor, purport and effect of the statute made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of our fovercign lord %% H. S. c. *8. King Henry the Eighth; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof notwitbftanaing.

CAP. XXI.

This **ex- An act for the confh'tftation of lands obtained by the KingV ptmned by majesty by exchange or otherwise of his grace’s fubjefts, or by his said fubjefts, of his Highnefs, notwithstanding the mifre-cital either of name, place or date.

CAP,' XXII.

An	that fines in towns corporate(ball be made as the fame

bane been in times paft.

7 Ed. 6. c. 3. 4. & 5 Ph. &. M. c. 1.

38 El.c. *. 35EI1Z. C. 3. 43 Elia. c. 1

3*H. 8.c.z8. TT7HERE in tht parliament bolden in the thirty-fecondyear of V V our mojl dread Jovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, it was enabled by authority of the Jaid parliament antongfi other, That no 9 fine, feoffment, or other at1 or aftsj hereafter to be made, fufferei or done, by the husband only, of manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments* being the inheritance or the freehold of his wifes during the coverture between them, Jhall in any wife be or make any difcontinuance thereof, or be prejudicial or hurtful to the said wife, or to her heirs, or to fucb as Jhall have right, title or intereft by the fame by the death of such wife or wives; (2) but thefame wife and her heirs, and such other to whom such right Jhall appertain after her deceafe, Jhall and may then law-' fully enter into all such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments* according to their rights and titles therein; any such fine, feoffment or ether alt, to the contrary notwithstanding.	(3) Sit hence the making

of which alt, divers doubts, queftions and ambiguities have cnifen, that is to fay, whether the recoveries and deeds inrolled, which be in nature ef fine, and whereupon women covert have been ufed to be examined* 6	taken* 1

1

  ^ooQle

I54£~£'} Anno triccfimo quarto&quinto Hen. VIII.c.23,—-26. 165

takm+bodor acknowledged, as well within the city ^London,in many other cities, boroughs and towns within the realm of England, jbould bind all such women covert. that (bould happen to be examined upon the fame recoveries and deeds enrolled: (4) In avoiding there- The forte of fere Qf all such ambiguities and doubts, be it  enacted by the King recoveries, our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the reives # commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by autho- acknowledged rity of the fame* That all recoveries, deeds inrolled, and re- by women co-leafes heretofore acknowledged and taken, Qr at any time here- vcrt»m after to be taken and acknowledged, before the mayors, alder-	c

men, recorders, chamberlains, or other head officer or officers, 18 Ed.- j.‘f. a$4 as well of the city of London, as of any other city, borough or4S Aff. *-town corporate within the realm of England, having power and authority to take and receive the fame, according to the laudable ufages and cuftoms of the said dties, boroughs, and towns, and' every of them, shall (land and remain of like force, ftrength and effea, to all intents and purposes, as they or any of them were before the making of the (aid ad in the said thirty-fecond year of our said fovereign lord5 any thing in the feme contained to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

CAP.xiaii.

Judgment may be given againft any the offenders of the statute REP. 1 Ed. 6, of31 H- 8. c. 8. by nine ot the King’s council,	c*

CAP. XXIV.

A bill for the affurance of certain lands to John Hinde fajeant at law, and to his heirs, paying therefore yearly ten pounds towards the charges of the knights of the mire of Cambridge for the time being. The (heriff and two knights of the parliament for the county of Cambridge, incorporated by the name of the wardens of the wages, &cf Who shall have the x. lir jrent payable out of the (hire-manor. The remedy to recover the rent of x. li. if it be behind. A remedy for the rent if the land comes to the King’s hands. A remedy for the wardens of the kland recovered by covin. A faving of the right of others. The inhabitants of the county of Cambridge difeharged of the knights wages.

CAP. XXV,

It shall be lawful to the mayor, burgefles and inhabitants of Pool in the county of Dorfet, and to their fucceflors, to eredt a windmill in the King’s wade ground and common, in the town of Baiter; (2) and a conduit-head in a place called fot~ nam, and to have fixteen foot fquare for the conduit-head \ and to dig and draw in, by, through and upon all places meet and convenient, in, to and from the fame, &?. yielding yearly to the King and his heirs, &c. one pepper-corn,

CAP. XXVI.

4n aft far certain ordinances in the King's dominion and principality of Wales.

OUR fovereign lord the King’s majesty, of his tender zeal Laws fpecially and affedtion that he beareth towards his loving and obe- m*dc M 3	dicntm	Walesbjr

  v^ooQle

166 Anno tricefitno quarto & quinto Hen.VIII- c.26. [ 1542-3-

thp officers there.

10 Ed. 1. of R^theland.

Wales, divided into twelve {hires.

fj H, 8. c.*6.

^imitation of hundreds by commjflion.

Prefident and

council.' jepealed by 1 W. &; M. felf. 1. c. 17.

if. 2.

»

dient fiibje&s of his dominion, principality and country of Wales, for good rule and order to be from henceforth kept and maintained within the fame, whereby his said fubjedts may grow and arise to more wealth and prolperity, hath devifed and made divers sundry good and neceflary ordinances, which his Majesty of his moft abundant goodnefs, at the humble fuit and petition Of his said fubjedb of Wales, is pleafed and contented to be enacted by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, in manner and form as hereafter enfueth.

" II. Firft, That his Grace’s said dominion, principality, and Country of Wales, be from henceforth divided into twelve (hires ;

(2]	of the which eight have been (hires of long and ancient time, that is to fay, The (hires of Glamorgan, Caermartben, Pembroke, Cardigan, Flint, Caernarvan, Anglefey, and Merioneth;

(3)	and four of the fold twelve (hires be newly made and ordained to be (hires, by an a<ft made at the parliament holden at IVeflmtnJler in the twenty-feventh year of our said fovereigni lord’s mod noble reign, that is to fay, the (hires of Radnor Brecknock, Montgomery and Denbigh, over and befides the (hire of Monmouth, and divers other dominions, lordfhips and manors in the marches of Wales, united and annexed to the (hires o£ Salop, Hereford and Glocejler, as by the said lateadt more plainly appeareth.

‘ III. Item, That the limitations of the hundreds, of late made within the (aid (hires by virtue of his Grace’s commiffions directed out of his Highnefs court of chancery, and again returned into the fame, shall (land in full ftrength, force and effe<5t, according to the (aid limitation; except such of the fame as ftth that time have been altered or changed by virtue of any a<5t or afts of parliament ‘ already made, or that shall be altered or changed by any adt or ads in this present feflion to be made.

IV. Item, That there shall be and remain a prefident and council in the said domihion and principality of Wales, and the marches of the fame, with all officers, clerks and incidents to the fame, in manner and fprrQ as hath been heretofore ufed and accuftomed ; (2) which prefident and council shall have power and authority to hear and determine, by their wifdoms and dif-cretions, such caufes and matters as be or hereafter shall be afligned to them by the King’s majesty, as heretofore hath been accuftomed and ufed.	'

jgeflions of Wales twice jn a year.

Juftipe of Cheer.

V.	Item, That there shall be holden and kept feffions twice in ^very year, in every of the said (hires in the said dominion and principality of Wales, that is to fay, in the (hires of Glamorgan, Brecknock, RAdnot, Caermartben, Pembroke, Cardigan, Montgomery, Denbigh, Flint, Caernarvan, Merioneth and Anglefey; the which feffions shall be called the King’s great feffions in Wales.

VI.	Item, That the juftipe q( Chejler for the time being shall hold and keep feffions twice in every year, in the (hires of Denbigh, Flint and Montgomery, and have nothing but his old fee of a a hundred pounds yearly for the fame.

-•	VII.

  Google

1544-3.] Annotriccfimo quarto & quinto Hen. VIII. c.26.	167

VII.	Item, Thatthe juftice of North Wales ihall in likewife	.

hold and keep feflions twice eveiy year, in every of the said (hires NorUl Wale,# of Caernarvon, Merioneth and Angle fey, and shall have yearly of the King's majesty a yearly fee of fifty pounds for the fame.

VIU. Item, That one person learned in the laws of this realm JufticeofRad-of England, by the King’s maitefty to be named and appointed, ttor> lhaM be juftice of the (hires of Radnor, Brecknock and Glamorgan, and fhaU in likewife hold and keep feflions twice in every year, in every of the fame (hires, and shall have yearly of the King’s majesty fifty pounds for his fee.

LX. Item, That one other person learned in the laws of this juftice of realm, to be appointed as is aforesaid, shall be juftice of the (hires Caermarthen. of Carmarthen, Pembroke and Cardigan> and shall in likewife hold and keep feflions twice in every year, in every of the feme (hires, and shall also have yearly of the King’s majesty fifty pounds fpr his fee.

X.	Item. The said perlbns or juftices, and every of them now patcms under being, or that hereafter shall be, shall have feveral letters pa- the great feal. tents and commiflions for their offices, under the King’s great

feal of England, to be exercifed by themfelves or their fufficient deputies, according to the purposes and intents in thefe ordinances fpecified.

XI.	Provided always. That their commiflions to them already Commiffion# granted under the said great feal, shall ftand in force and effedl already grant-according to the tenor of the fame, unlefs it (hall. pl$afe the ®ami lft King’s majesty hereafter to alter or change them or any of them; orcc‘

this present article last before exprefled in any wife notwith-(landing.

XII.	Item, That every of the said juftices, within the limits of of what things their commiflions and authorities to them appointed as is afore- the justices laid, shall hold all manner of pleas of the crown at and ip the.”1 .\VaJcs feid feflions, in as large and ample manner as the King’s chief*- • p ?a-juftice of England, and other the King’s justices of the King's

bench there, t>r any of them, may do in their places, or elfe-where within the realm of England; (2) and also to holdjpleas of affifes, and ail other pleas and actions real, perfonal and mixt, in as large and ample manner as the King’s chief juftide of the common-place in England, and other justices of the fame place, or any of them, may do in the realm of England.

XUI. Item, That every of the said juftices, of Wales shall have power and authority to enquire of all treafons, murders, felonies, riots, routs, unlawful aflemblies, extortions, embraceries, maintenances, retainers, concealments, contempts and all other offences and evil deeds, of what natures, names or qualities fo-ever they be,.done, committed or perpetrated within the limits of their commiflibns and authorities, againft the form of the common law of the realm of England, or of any statutes of the feme, and to hear and determine the premifles, and every of them, (2) and generally to minifter common juftice to all and Angular the King’s;fubje6ls withip the limits of their commifions and authorities, according to the laws, statutes and cuftoms of

M f	th*

  LiOOQle

i 69 Anno trkefimo quarto & quintn Hen,VIII-c.*6; [154**3*

the realm of England, and according to thir prefect ordinance. 'Seffiops /hall XIV. hem, That evpry of the laid feffions shall be kept and endure da /continued by the fpace of fix days in every of the said (hires at either of the said times, as is and hath been ufed within tl\e said | three (hires of North Woks ; and that the (aid justices shall caufe i open proclamations to be made in the (hire-towns what time and

1>lace they purpose to keep their (aid feffions, fifteen days at tW eaft before they keep the feme, to the intent the King’s iubjeft* may have knowledge thereof.

XV, Item,Thzt days shall be given in all picas, plaints, pro-pays hi cpurt. cefs and adjournments, from day to day and feffions to feffions^ by the difcretion of the said justices within the limits of their authorities, for the good an^ fpeedy miniftration of jufticeto aQ and fingular the Kang’s fubje&s, as is or hath been ufed in North foies.

. .	.	XVI. Item, That one original feal, devifed by the King’s

inwbofe cuf- highness for juftice to. be miniftered in the said three (hires of tody thry fha}l North Wales, that is to fay, the (hires of Merioneth, Caernarvon be,	and Anglesey, shall be and remain in the charge* keeping and

cuftody of the chamberlain of North Walts.

XVII. And that one other original feal* devifed by the King9* majesty for miniftration of juftice, to be ufed in the said thraa (hires of Carmarthen, Pembroke* and Cardigan, shall be and remain in the charge and keeping of the chamberlain of &mab Wales.

XVIII.	And that likewife one other original feal, devifed by the King’s majesty for adminiftration of juftice, to be ufed in the* said three (hires of Brecknock, Radnor and Glamorgan, shall be and remain in the charge and cuftody of the fteward and chamberlain

of Brecknock.

XIX,	And that ajfo one other original feal, devifed by the King’s majesty for miniftration of juftice to be miniftered within the (aid (hires of Denbigh and Montgomery, shall be and remain in the charge, keeping and cuftpdy of the fteward and chaow herlaii) of Denbigh.

XX.	And that the original feal of CheJlerQioXi be and (land for the original feal of Flint, for juftice to be mini ft red in the.feid (hire of Flint, and shall be and remain in the charge, keeping and cuftody of the chamberlain of Chefhr.

XXI.	item. That the said stewards and chamberlains shall What shall be feal with the faifd fe^ls, that is to fay, every one of them (half fealed with the feaj w;t^ t^e feaj ta his charge committed* all manner of origi-origma ea naj wrjts an(j procefs> returnable before Jthe said juftfoes at the fefiions to be holden in every of the said (hires, in manner and form as is aforesaid, (2) and shall fev*raHy account and anfwcr the King’s majesty for the profits of the fame feal: (3) and that The authority none of the said ftpwards, chamberlains or chancellors, having thf hCrl> 1 c^aTc an^ keeping of the said fealt, llisiU by occafioti thereof, aml°to what ** ** hy C3l°ur of any ot their offices, compel or caufe any perfoft only purposes or persons inhabiting within any of the said .twelve (hires, to ap* they dull uie	t	pcif

them.

  v^ooQie

154*-$ ] Anno triccEmo quarto & quinto Hen,VIII.c.26.	i6$

pew before themfehres or their deputies, ne shall have power and authority to hear or determine any pleas of the crown, nor other caufcs or matters of iuftice, otherwife than in this ordinance is limited and expreffed; but shall have the charge and keeping of the said feals, to feal all such original writs and procefc as mall be returnable before the said justices in their (aid feffions, as is before fpecified, .and as hereafter shall be declared; (4) which: writs and procefi shall be ufed, made, fealed and returned, in manner and form as hath been ufed before the iuftice of North Wales.

XXII.	/rm,That all fuchperfonsasnowbeor hereafter shall be The keeper of the King’s highneft stewards, chamberlains or chancellors, withinthe f«al* may any of the said twelve (hires, which by reafonof their (aid offices aeainft^c^”* have charges for the receipt, collc&ion or accompt, of and for comptants", the King's rents, revenues, farms or profits, to be due to his Teturnable’be-Majefty within the said dominion of Walesy may direct procefs Grounder the feid feal, being in their charge and cuftody, within the *elvcs* limits of their authorities, only againft bailiffs, reeves, fanners,

and other minifttrs accomptant, to appear before themfelves, to anfwer to and for any the King’s revenues, farms, rents or profits, and for none other carafes, nor againft arty other per* fon or perfoos, in like manner and form as they have been ac-cuftomed in that cafe to do,

XXIII.	Am, That all stewards of any lordlhips or manors. Stewards ef tn Wales shall and may keep and hold nich leets, ltwdays dr roa* court barons, as appertained and belonged to the lordfhips

and manors whereof they be stewards, (2) and hold pleas by plaint under the fom of xh s. in every such court baton, (3) and have and enjoy all other authorities, commodities and profits as stewards of leets, lawdays and court barons in Englaadcotxutionly have and been ufed to have by rcafon. Of the said offices,raid none other; any law, usage or custom in the said dominion of Waiet heretofore had to the contrary hereof notwithstanding-

XXIV.	Item, Provided always, and be it enabled. That the stewards or laid stewards, nor any of them, nor the (heriff of the said coun- flieritfi shall ties in Wain, shall have any power or authority to enquire of enquire of jtny manner of felony in any such leet, lawday or torn, withinfcon^*

the fiud dominion to be holden.

XXV.	And that from henceforth no leet nor lawday be kept 2$ h. S. c, 6% by the fteward or other officer of any lordfhip or manor in the

feud dominion of WakSy but in fuCh Wdfhips and places where it was accuftotned to be kept before the making Of the a<ft of parliament concerning Wales, made in the twenty-fixth year of bur said fbvereign lord’s reign; fo always the place where such court shall be kept, be meetasid convenient for that purpose* .

XXVI.	Ium> That all inayoils*: bailiffs and head officers, of officer* 0f corporate towns \nWaleSy may hold, pleas and determine actions* corporate and do every Other thing concerningcommon juftke, according towns may to their lawful grants and laudable^uftoms of such towns; (2) ^r^*aIld fo always they follow'd* couitfe, trade and fafoiort of the laws ^Uons.

god ctmoots of the realm of En$akl> and not of any Wtijk

law*

 

170 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII.C-26. [1542-3*

laws or cuftoms. (3) and that in every of the said towns they may try all iffiies joined, or hereafter to be joined, in any adtion perfonaJ, by fix men, according as heretofore in divers places in the said country it hath been ufed; any thing contained in this adtto the contrary notwithstanding.

The Kina XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho-boroueh*VC a^orc^ai^» That forafmuch as there be divers and many and eifa’o- ^tna^ boroughs and towns corporate within the (aid dominion thers by his of Wales, whereof many have their commencement by grants letterspatents. made from the lords marchers, and feme by other means, (2} our said fovereign lord shall from hencefortn, by virtue oft this adt, have full power and authority, by his letters patents, to be inrolled in his Grace’s high court of chancery, at anytime within feven years hereafter next enfuing to the end of this prefcnt parliament, to repel, annihilate and diflblve such and as many of the said boroughs and towns corporate, and all liberties and cuftoms of the fame, as to his Highnefs shall bethought expedient, (3) to the intent his Majcfty, at his Grace’s pleafure, may duly eredt, ordain and make fiich and as many other boroughs and towns corporate within the said dominion, being more apt and convenient for that purpose, and endue them with fiich liberties and franchises, as to his moft excellent wifdom lhall be thought neceflary for the weakh of the (aid country. -Officer* cer- XXVIII. Item, The King’s majcfty is pleated and contented tain few JhaU pf his moft gracious goodneft, that such as have patents of any Sw”1-	fteward(hips,	chamberlainfliips, chancdlorfhips or

cafual fees. f yuftiqeftiips within the (aid dominion of Wales, for term of their / /lives, shall have and enjoy their certain, ordinary and annual V i fees of money, ufed and accuftomed to be paid and bom by the King’s highness, by virtue of any their letters patents, during their intereft therein, but in no wife to take or claim any cafiial fees claimed by colour of their offices, contrary to this present ordinance 5 any custom in Wales, or any thing in this a<ft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Thcr« shall be XXlx. Item, Over and befides the said original feals, there four judicial fHall be four judicial feals devifed by the King’s majesty, where-feals, in whofe of one shall remain with the juftice of Che/ler, which is appointed (halfbe a*^ this a<ft to be juftice of the (hires of flint, Denbigh and Mont* wSat flial^be &mery> to b« ufed within the laid (hires, to feal all judicial profiled with	eefs 2nd bills that shall be fued before the said juftice, in the

them.	feffions to be holded within the fame (hires: (2) and that one

other of the said judicial feals shall like wife remain and be in the charge and cuftody of the said juftice of North Wales : (3) and that the third of the (aid feals shall be and remain in the cuftody and charge of the juftice of the three (hires of Glamorgan, Brecknock and Radnor: (4) and the fourth of the said feals shall remain in the charge and cuftody of the juftice of the said three (hires of Pembroke, Caermarthen and Cardigan; (j) and the said justices shall feal with the ftid judicial feals, that is to fav, every pf them with the feal committed to his charge and cuftody, as jrflj all bills, as all other judicial procefs, that shall be fued be-

Digitized v^ooQle

1542-3.] Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto HEN.VTII.C.26. i^r

fore them in the said feflions, upon any original bills or writs; and all other procefs that shall be awarded from any of the said justices shall be fealed with the said judicial leal.

XXX.	Item, That every the said justices shall account and Account for anfwer to the King’s majesty for the profits of the said feal being ^ e 0 . in his charge and cuftody, in manner and form as hereafter (haQ

be declared.

XXXI. Item, That the Te/ie of every bill and judicial procefs Tefte of every that shall pafs under the said judicial feal, shall be under the Proccft* name of such of the said justices from whom such bill or judicial

procefs shall pafs, in like manner and form as is ufed in the common place in England.

XXXII.	Item, That all adlions rfeal and mixt, attaints, con- What procefr fpiracies, a (fifes and £>uare impedit, appeals of murder and

felony, and all a<5tions grounded upon any ftatutes, shall be fued ^nal fcai# by original writs, to be obtained and fealed with the said original feal, returnable before the said justices at their feflions, within the limits of their authorities, in manner and form as is aforementioned.	'

XXXIII.	Item, That all manner of perfonal a<ftions, as debt,	.

detinue, trefpafs, accompt and such like, amounting to the fum of ^abovel * xl. s. or above, shall be fued by writs original, to be obtained and

fealed as is aforesaid, or bv bills, at the pleafure of the party fuing the fame, before the (aid justices within the limits of their authorities, as is ufed in North Wales.

XXXIV.	And that all perfonal actions under the fum

xl. s. that is to fay, debt, trefpafs, detinue, accompt and such under like, shall and may be fued before any of the said justices in the said feflions, by bill, as it is ufed in North Wales.

XXXV.	And that every original bill concerning a&ions per- original bill

fonal, shall be fealed with the King’s judicial feal, being in the concerning cuftody of the said juftice before whom such perfonal a<£Uons by *6bons perfo-bill shall be brought and commenced.	nah

XXXVI.	And that such fees shall be paid for the writing Fees for writ* and fealing of such original writs and bills as hereafter shall be jn£ kal" expreffed, that is to fay, for the fealing of every original writ to

be fued in and upon the caufes aforesaid, and for every bill to be purfued in a<ftions perfonal, whereof the debt and damage amouriteth to the fum of xl. s. or above, the parties purfuing the fame shall pay for the feal of every such writ or bill, vi. d.

(2) and for eveiy judicial procefs to be fued upon any such original writ or bill, the parties purfuing such judicial procefs shall pay for the fealing thereof vii. d. whereof the King’s majesty shall have vi. d. and the juftice fealing such judicial procefs shall have i. d.

XXX VII, Item, That every bill in perfonal a<ftion, whereof Debt or da-the debt, duty or damage amounteth not to xl. s. and all man- maSc *!ot a* ner judicial procefs to be fued upon the fame, shall also be £j°“nt,nS t0 leafed with the King’s said judicial feal; (2) and the parties purfu-pg the fame shall pay for the feal of every such bill and judicial

2	procefs

 

Google

1-72 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIILc.z6- [1542-3,

proccfe thereupon to be fued, iij. d. whereof the King’s majesty to have ii. d. and the juftice fealing such procefs to have i. d. Procefs foaled XXXvIII. Item, That all writs of Sqirefacias, and writs of with tbeiu- good abearing, or for the peace, or writs of Superfedeas upon the f wme, and all other procefs to be fued from the said juftices, up«^ ana the tees. on ^ record or fuggeftion admitted by any of the said justices within the limits of their authorities, shall alio be fealed with the

• M

Recoveries, fines, concords, See. taken before the jullices.

Of what force fines levied before the justices (hall

Fines to the King tipon recoveries or fines.

King's filver.

faid judicial feal; (2) and that the parties purfuing the fame, shall pay for the feal of every such writ and procefe vij. d. whereof the King’s highness shall have vj. d. and the juftice by whom such procefs shall be fealed i. d.

XXXIX. And that every exemplification upon any record before any of the (aid juftices, shall be fealed with the King’s said judicial feal; (2) and the parties purfuing the fame (ball pay for the feal thereof xx. a. whereof the King’s highness shall have xvi. d. and the justices fealing the fame iy. d.

XL. Item, That recoveries and fines of record, and warrants of attorney for the fame, shall and may be taken before every of the said juftices, of lands, tenements and hereditaments withr in his authority, by force of his general conuniflion, without any writ of Dedimus potejiatem to be fued for the fame, in like manner and form as is ufed to be taken before the King’s chief juftice of his common place in England.

XLI. Item, That all fines hereafter to be levied before any of the said juftices, with proclamation made the fame feffion* that the said fine shall be engrofied, and in two other great fef-(ions then next to be holden within the fame country, shall be of the fame force and ftrength to all purposes, as fines levied with proclamations be of, that be levied before the justices of the common place in England.

XLII. Item, That every person fuing writs of entry in the Pojt, or writs of covenant, or any other writs, for any recovery to be had by aflent of parties, or otherwife, or for any fine to be levied, shall pay such fines to the King’s ufe for the lame, as well fines pro licentia (mcordanii, as all other manner of fines, as is ufed in the King’s chancery, or elfewhere many of the King’s courts of England, (2) which fines shall be paid to such perfon* as shall feal the original writs for that purpose, and that they shall account for the fame in like form as they shall do for the profits of the said original feal, as is aforesaid.

XLIII. Item, That the King’s filver, upon every fine to be levied, shall be paid as is ufed in the common place of England, that is to fay, ij. s. (2) which King’s filver shall be paid to the juftice afore whom such fine shall be levied j whereof the King’* highness shall have xx. d. and the prenotary entring the fame shall have ij. d. and the juftice afore whofn such fine shall be levied other ij. d. (3) and that the fame juftice shall account for the King’s part thereof, like as he shall for the profits of the King’s judicial feal committed to his charge, in manner and form as is aforesaid.

XLIV. Itm%

  Google

1544-3.} Anno tricefhno quarto & qutnto HEN.VIII.c.atf, 173

XUV• Am, There shall be four prenotaries for the making There foil be. of all judicial proceft, and for the entring of all pleas, procefs, V™*?* and matters of record, in the feffions to be holden before the u^S whom fiud juftices, whereof one of the Cud prenotaries (ball attend up- they shall at-on die said juftice appointed for the three (hires of North Winks* tend.

(a) and one other shall attend upon the juftice aligned for the three (hires of Flint, Denbigh* and Montgomery; (3) and the third shall attend upon the juftice aftigned for the three (hires of Caermarthen* Cardigan, and Pembroke-, (4) and the fourth of the find prenotaries shall attend upon the juftice aftigned for the three (hires of Glamorgan* Bruhmk* and Radnor; (5) and thefe four prenotaries, as often as their (aid offices shall be void, shall be named and appointed by the King’s highaefs, by his Ma-jefty’s letters patents under his great foal of England. (6) And where one John Arnold* gentleman, hath the office of prenotary and clerkfhip of the crown, by the King’s highness letters patents, within the said three (hires of North Wales; and that one John Brekenbead hath the office of the prenotary, and clerkfhip of the crown by the King’s letters patents, within the said (hire of Flint; and that likewife one John Leonard hath the office of the prenotary and clerkfhip of the crown, by the King’s letters patents, within all the refidue of the laid dominion of Wales ; the King’s majesty is pleafed and contented, that the said three prenotaries shall have, ufe, and enjoy their said offices according to the effeeft of the (aid letters patents to them thereof made, doing their duties and attendance by themfelves or their fuf-fident deputies, at every of the said Mions to be kept within the (hires whereunto they be fo appointed.

XLV. Item, There shall be a marflial and a crier in every of a marflial the said circuits and limits allotted to the said juftices, which and a crier, shall be named by the (aid juftices, within the limits of their ^ theirfees. authority and commiffion, in like manner and form as justices of afiife do in England: (2) and the said officers shall attend up* on the (aid justices in their circuits in their own proper perfbns,

/and not by their deputies.

XLVI. And that the marflial shall have, upon every judgment and every fine, hr. d. and the crier i. d. (2) and upon the acquittals of felons, and of them that shall be delivered by proclamation, or delivered out of common mainprife before any of the (aid juftices, the marflial shall have iv. d. and the crier i. d.

XLVII. Item* That every of the said prenotaries, within Tlfe preno-the limits of their offices, shall take such fees as hereafter fhalltariw be exprefied; that is to fay, for the writing of pleas, and engrailing of writs of entry in the Pofl* writs of right, jjfwd ei de-+ foreeat, or any other writs purfued by the afTent of the parties* v. s. (2) and if it be with a double voucher, then yi. s. viij. d.

(3)	and for the exemplification thereof ij. s. (4) and for the en-grading of fines, to have for every fine lij. s. iv. d. and if it be with proclamations, then iv, s.

XLVIIL Item*

/

X74 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto HEN.VIII.c.26. [1542-3;

BilU of debt,	XLVI1I. Item, for every bill of debfy detinue, trefpafs, and

* trcf“ all other adtions perfonal fued before the said justices in their ,* c* circuits, under the fum of xl. s. the prenotaries shall have for the first bill iv. d. for the fecond bill iv. d. and for the third bill iv. d. (2) and for the entry of every declaration, plea and bar, replication, and rejoinder in and upon every such adtion, fo that he do inroll the fame in parchment, iv. a. (3) and for every Venire fat, Tales, Habeas corpora, and Diflring, for every' of them, iv. d. and for the judgment, viij. d. (4) and for every writ of execution in every such adtion vj.d. (5) and for every warrant of attorney in every such adtion, as well for the plaintiffs as for the defendants, iv. d.

XLIX. Item, In all adtions of detinue, trefpafs, and all other adtions perfonal, wherein the duty, debt, or damage amounteth . to the fum of xl. s. or above, which ihall be fued by bills before the said juftices, the prenotary shall have for the hrft bill iv.d. for the fecond bill iv. d. and for the third iv. d. (2) and for every of the declaration, the anfwer, replication and rejoinder, if it be enrolled in parchment, viij. (3) and for the Venire fat. Tales, Habeas corpora, and Diftring*, for every of them vi. d. and for the judgment viij. d. (4) and for the warrant of attorney, iv. d. (5) and for every writ of execution upon the judgments in such bills vj. d.

Original writs L- Item, In original writs fued upon every adtion perfonal re-upon adtions tumable before the said juftices, the prenotaries (hallhave foreve-ptrfaual.	ry itemm fum\ vj. d. (2) for every diftrefs in trefpafs, vj. d. and

for the declaration viij. d. (3) tor the anfwer, replication and rejoinder, for every of them, if they be inrolled and ingrofTed as is aforesaid, xij. d. (4) For the Venire fac\ Tales, Habeas corpora and Diflring, for every of them,vj. d. (5) and the prenotaries to have for the entry of the judgments in every such adtion, xij. d; (6) and for every writ of execution fued upon the fame, vj. d. (7) for the exemplification of every record in any of the laid actions, ij. s. (8) for every warrant of attorney, iv. d. (9) In all adtions real and mixt, aflifes, quare impedit, appeals of felony, murder* or maim, the prenotary to have tor the declaration Or plaint, ij. s. (10) and for the plea in bar, replication, rejoinder* furrejOinder, for every of them, if they be inrolled as is aforesaid, us. (11) and for the writing of every Venirefac\ Tales, Habeas corp\ and Diflring upon the fame, for every of them vj.d. (12) and for the entry of the judgment, in every of the said adtions and appfeals, ij. s. (13) and for the writing the Writs of execution made upon every of the said adtions, appeals and aflifes, i. s. (14) And for writs of grand Cape and petit Capei and writs of view, writs upon voucher, and all other writs in every such adtion or adtioni, xij. d. (15) and for every warrant ©t attorney for the defendants, or for the demandants or plaintiffs, in every such adtion real, aflife, appeal and quare ifnpiditf iv. d. (16) and for the eflbins in every such adtion, iv.d. and for the adjournment ij. d. (17) and for the bail of every

perfon

  L^ooQle

15+2iJ»] Anno tricefinto quarto & quinto Hen.VIII.c.25. 175

pciion of felony xij. d. and for the bail for trefpafs vj. d. and for the appearance and bailing of common.mainprife ij.d.

LI. lum, For writing writs for the peace and good abearing, writs of the granted by any df the (aid justices in their feffions, vj. d. (2) peace and and for the entering of every recognifaqce to be had and taken *bear-before the said juftices, for every caufe or caufes, other than be- infr fore is ex prefled, xij. d. and if it be with condition, then ij. *.

(3)	and upon every acquittal and deliverance of felons or murderers, by verdidtor by allowance of pardon, the prenotaries to have ij. s. and if h be upon indictments certified from the justices of the peace, afore the justices in the great feffions, the clerk of the peace to have also xij. d. (4) and upon the delivery of any fufpedt of felony or murder by proclamation, die laid prenotary to have xij. d.

LII. Itenty That the King's majesty shall have all fines, iflues, TheKingfhall amerciaments, and all forfeitures of recognifances, loft or forfeited have fines, if. before any of the said justices in the feffion aforesaid; (2) and fUC8» ar^ercia# that the (aid prenotaries, within the limits of their offices, shall mcnts* yearly eftreat the fame into the exchequer appointed for that 1h mit,to the intent that procefs from thence may be awarded to the (hdriffs to levy the fame to the King’s ufe, as appertaineth, (3) which (heriffs shall yearly make their accompts before the King’s auditors thereunto to be affigned and appointed.

L1I1. lum, Over and befides the said prefident and council, Juftices of and juftices, there shall be justices of peace and quorum, and P*3;* befides also one Cujloi Rrtulorum, in every of the said twelve (hires. counril"1 ^

LIV. It fitly That the said justices of peace, justices o {quorum, Cu^os and Cuftds Rctulorum in the said (hires, shall be named and ap- lorum, and by pointed by the chancellor of England, by commiffion under the whom Bp-king’s great feal of Englandy by the advice of the prefident, pointed, council, and justices aforesaid, or three of them, of the which the said prefident to be one, from time to time as the cafe (hall

V.	Iumr That there shall not exceed the number of eight how many justices of the peace in any of the said lhires, over and befides justices of the prefident, council, and justices aforesaid, and the King’s at- P<;acc *n one tomey and folicitor; (2) which prefident, council, juftices, mitered by < and the King’s attorney and folicitor, shall be put in every com- & 6 W. & M. million of peace in every of the said twelve (hires.	c. +.

LVI, Item, That such persons as shall be named to be justices The,iuftices of of peace within every of the said (hires, shall be of good name and peace, their fame; and after they be affigned by commiffion, may ufe and oath, exercife the office of the juftice ot peace, albeit they may not difpend twenty pound, nor be learned in the laws of the lands, without any lofs, damage, or penalties for infufficiency of their lands ; (2) And that every of the said justices of peace, before they shall execute their commiffion, shall take their oaths before the chancellor of England, or elfe before the said prefident, or one of the said justices in JVdles, by virtue of the King's writ of Dedimks pttejlatem, of before any other person to be limited by the lord chancellor of England for that purpose, the contents

lire,

of

  L^ooQle

ty$ Anno trjcefimo quarto 8c qtantoHEH.VUI.c.tS, [154*-$.

Of which oath (hail be after form as justices of the peace i England ufe to make.

The justices • LVII. Item, That the (aid juflScea of peace, or two of them felfions, au- at the leaft, whereof one to be of the	Avail	and may

thopty and keep their feflians, within the limit* of their commiflions, four time* in the year, and at other times upon urgent caufes, a* justices of peace in England ufe to dot and shall have like power and authority in all things, and fees of the King’s majesty for the time of their fitting, as well for themielves as tor their clerks, and shall be bound to ufe and do their offices, in like manner a* is ufed in England.

The fees of the LVIII. Item, That no justices of peace, clerk of the peace, nor other clerk of any juftice of peace in fValti, shall take fat peace.” * * .the writing of any warrant of the peace, or good abearing, above yj.d. (2) and for entering of pledges or boroughs to pay the King’s fine upon any indictment, ix. d. and if it be with pro* teftation, then to take xij.d. (3) and for a	not above

viij. d. and for a recognifance xij.d. (4.) And that all the laid . Certificate of justices of peace shall certify all rccognujncts taken before any of recogni- them for the peace or good abearing, into their fefiipns next to zantes- be holden after the taking thereof; (5) and recognifence taken before any of them, for fufpicions of any manner of felony, shall be certified before the justices of the great fefGons next to be holden after the taking thereof, without concealment, detaining or embezzling of the fame, upon such penalties and da* mages as be therefore ordained and eftablithed.

Taxing of _ LIX. Item, That all fines and amerciaments before the laid fines and a- justices of peace loft, and hereafter to be loft, shall be taxed and merciaments. jfferjgj by two justices of the peace at the leaft, whereof one to be of the querum, and that all such fines and amerciaments fhaU be fet truly and duly, according to the quantity of the offences. Without partiality or affeftion.

Fines, forfei- LX. Item, That the said fines and amerciaments, and aHo all tures and a- iftues loft before the find justices of peace, and all forfeitures of recogni lances, and other forfeitures, before the fame juftices, ** e rcat ' shall be yearly eftreated by the clerks ctf the peace into the exchequer appointed for that limit, to the intent that procefs from thence may be awarded for the levying of the fame forfeitures and Turns of money to the King’s ufe, to the fheriff of every county as fhall- appertain, who shall make thereof their ac-compts before such auditors as thereunto shall be afitened, fi> that Auditors shall (he King’s majesty may thereof be truly and duly anfwcred riffsThefesof ^ (atisfied; which auditors (hill make due allowance to justices and the fame (heriffs, for the fees of the justices and clerks of the clerks of the peace, upon fheir said accompts, as is uied in the realm of Peact-	England.

Sheriffs in eve-	LXL Item, That there shall be (heriffs in every of foe fekf

ry (hire of -(hires yearly appointed by the King’s majesty} (2) and that h a*eh a"ni 11 *one °* said (heriffs Qtall have their (aid office of fherifE-^nJmmJted wick any longer time than is ufed by the laws and ftatufes of England. (3) And for the yearly nomination of the said (beriff*,

tba

154*"3*] Anno tricqfimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. C.2	177

the (aid lord prefident, council, and justices of Wales* or threfe N of them at the lead, whereof the said prefident to be one, shall yearly nominate three fubftantial persons in every of the said twelve (hires, to be (heriffs of the fame, and shall certify their names to the lords of the King’s mod honourable council, attending upon his Grace’s perfon, Crqftino Animrum, to the intent the King’s Majesty, being thereof advertifed, may appoint one of them in every of the said (hires to be fheriff for that year, at his mod gracious will and pleafure, like as his High-nefs doth for this realm of England; (4) and thereupon the laid (heriffs shall have their patents and commiflions under the great feal of England* as (heriffs of England have, and shall make and take oaths and knowledges of recognifances before :the prefident and juftices, or one of them, by virtue of the King’s writ of Deaimus potejlatem to be directed tor the fame, for the due execution of their offices, and for their juft and true accompts before the King’s auditor or auditors affigned for Wales.

LXII. Item* That every of the said (heriffs shall have full The (heriffs power and authority, within the limits of their (heriffwick, to authority and do and yfe their offices as (heriffs in England, and shall accom- duty in wales, plilh and execute, without any favour, dread or corruption, all manner of writs, procefs, judgments and executions, and all manner common juftice appertaining to their offices of (heriffs, and all lawful commandments and precepts of the (aid prefident, council and justices of Wales* and also of the justices of the , peace, efeheators and coroners, and every of them, in all things appertaining to their offices and authorities.

LXIII. Item* That the said (heriffs shall do, and be bound Theffierifft to do, all ai\d every other thing and things for the miniftration of duty in admi-juftice, and for the confervation of the King’s peace, and the P1^^*011	'

apprehenfion and reprefs of traitors, murderers, thieves, felons,u * and other offenders, as (heriffs of England do ufe and be bound to do within the realm of England.

LXIV. Item* That the said (heriffs shall yearly accompt be- Sheriffc ac-fore such the King’s auditor or auditors, as shall be affigned and appointed by the King’s majesty for his said dominion of Wales \ (2) and that every of the said (heriffs shall have yearly '	**

for his fee v. 1,

LXV. Item, That all mayors, (heriffs, stewards, bailiffs and All officers other ministers and officers of iuftice of every county, lordlhip, and other per-town and place within the said dominion of Wales* and all and fingular the King’s fubje<fts of the fame shall be always obedi- theCprefident, ent, attendant and aflifting to the said prefident, council and &c. * justices of Wales* and eveiy of them, and shall obey the King’s commandments and procels from them or any of them dire<5ted, and all the lawful and reafonable precepts of the said prefident, council and juftices, and every of them, and also, shall be obedient to all the said justices of peace, (heriffs and efeheators.

Within the limits of their said authorities, as well for common

Vot. V.	N	'	adrainiftration



jn every (hire in Wales,

Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VI1I. C.26. [1542-3*

adminiftration and due execution of juftice, as in all other things appertaining to their duties and offices.

Efeheators LXVI. Itemy That efeheators shall be named in every of the Ml be named frid (hires by the lord treafurer of England, by the advice of the n':— {aid prefident, council and juftices, of three of them at the lead, whereof the said prefident to be one; (2) which efeheators shall make and take their oaths, and knowledge their recognisances, before the said prefident, or one of the laid juftices* by virtue of the King’s Writ of Dedimus poteftatm to be dire£ted for the fame, for the due execution of their offices, and for their true accompt to be made before the King’s auditor or auditors to be affigned for the fame; which Oath and recognilahce shall be agreeable to the oath and recogiiifance ufed for the efeheators in England; (3) and the efeheators shall yearly have their patents and commiilions under the great feal of England* and shall have power and authority to exercife their offices ill like manner and form as efeheators in England^ and shall be bound to all laws and (latutes of England.

LXVIt. Itenty That all such persons as shall be appointed to the said offices, shall and may exercife their offices, if they may difpend yearly v. 1. of freehold, any statutes of England to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; (2) and that every of the said efeneators shall make their accompt9 yearly before such auditor or auditors as shall be affigned by tne King’s majesty, to hear and determine hi9 Highnefs accompt for his revenues and profits of the said dominion of Wales.

LX VIII. Item, There shall be two coroners to be elelted in

What freehold an ef-icheator in Wales mull have.

Two coroners

in every (hire every of the said twelve (hires, as is ufed in England, by Virtue

in W^lef

Two constables of the hundred.

of the King’s writ De Coronatore eligendo, to be awarded out of the King’s chancery of England; (2) and that the said coroners shall have like power and authority to do and exetcife their offices, and have like'Tees, as is limited by the laws and (latutes of England.

LXIX. Provided always, That the writ De Ceronatore eligendoy to choofe the coroners within the said county of Flinty shall be directed out of the exchequer of Chefter.

LXX. Itemy That the said justices of the peace, or two of them at the lead, whereof one of them to be of the quorum, shall appoint and name, in every hundred within the limits of their commiffion, two fubftantial gentlemen or yeomen to be the chief conftables of the hundred wherein they inhabit; (2) which two conftables of every hundred shall have a fpecial regard to the conferyation of the King’s peace, and shall and may $0 and ufe their offices in all and fingular things, as is ufed by the high conftables of the hundreds in Englandy and shall be bound to all things as the high conftables of the hundreds in England be bound to do.

' ~ a dh LXXI. Itemy That every of the said (heriffs shall have a the Oicriffsand £a°l ^or Pri^oners within fome convenient place of the caftles of Miffs of the (hire-towns where he is (heriff, or in such other convenient place, as by the f*id prefident, council and juftices, or three of

them,

A goal to be

 

Google

I542~3-J Anno triccGmo quarto&quinto Hen.VIII. c,26.	179

them, whereof the said prefident to be one, shall be appointed any patent or grant heretofore made to any person or persons of the conftablefhip or keeping of any of the said caftles in any wife notwithstanding. (2) And that the (heriff shall make the bailiffs of the hundreds, and they to attend upon the justices in every of their courts and feffions.

. LXXII. Provided always. That the conftables of the King’s caftles within every of the said (hire-towns of Wales shall not be charged with the gaols, and of all the prifoners that shall be committed to their ward, like as they have heretofore been, until such time convenient places for that purpose be affigned to the said (heriff.

LXXIII. Itentj The said (heriffs shall keep their counties County-monthly, and their hundred courts for pleas under xl. s. as is courts, ufedin England; (2) and shall take for the entering of plaints, procefs, pleas and judgments in the said (hire-courts and hun- co dreds, such fmall fees as is ufed to be taken in (hires and hun* dreds in England, and not above.

LXXIV. Item, That all manner of trials before them in their Trial by wa-faid courts, or before any stewards in court-barons, shall be by jfwof law of wager of law, or verdieft of fix men, at the pleafure of the ,mcn# party plaintiff or defendant that pleaded the plea.

LXXV. And that every of the said (heriffs shall keep and Sheriffs toms, hold their toms yearly after Eajler and Michaelmas, as they have been ufed in England.

LXXVI. ltem> The King’s highnef9 shall have all manner Fines forfeit of fines, iffues, amerciaments, and forfeitures loft or forfeited in toms, &c. in any of the said counties, hundreds, courts and torns, to his own ufe, and the (heriff to account for the fame accordingly.

LXXVn. ltem% That the eftreats pf the said toms, counties The and hundreds shall be viewed and the fines, iffues and amercia- afferred bv the ments afferred by the said justices of affifesof that circuit, before justices the levying of the fame amerciaments or other forfeitures; (2) and that no (heriff, or any of his officers, prefume to gather or t levy any such amerciament, or other forfeiture, before the said eftreat be fo afferred, upon pain to forfeit to the King’s ufexl. s.

(3)	And that the (heriff upon every judgment had before him in The (heriff his county or hundred court, in any plaint under xl. s. shall may award and,may award a Capias ad fatisfaciendum, to arreft the party execution, condemned, or elfe a Fieri at the liberty of the party pur-	\

fuant.

LXXVIII. Item, That all bills fued before the said justices in sheriffs fees perfonal anions, whereof the debt, duty or damage is under for executing xl. s. the (heriffs shall have for the return of every bill ij. d. (2) feveral writs, and every Venire fac\ Tales, Habeas corp\ and Dijtr\ ij. d. and for writs of execution upon the judgment in any (uch bill, xij d.

LXXIX. Item, In bills fued before the said justices in actions Bills fued be-perfonal above the fum of xl. s. the (heriff lhall have for the fere the ju-return of every such bill, iv, d. and for the return of every Ve- ftices.

N 2	nire

i8Q	x Anno tricefimo quarto & qinto Hen.VIII. c.26. [1542^3.

tfire fad, Habeas eorp\ Dijiry and Tales, iv. d. and for every writ of execution ij. s. (2) And in all perfonal actions fued by original writs returnable before the said juftices, the (heriff shall have for every Iterum fund Difir’ and alias Difir’ iv. d. and for every Venire fad, Habeas corf, Difir', and Tales, vj. d. and for every writ of execution to be executed upon the judgment in such actions, ij. -s. For the ferving of every writ of Elegit, vj. s. viij. d. (3) And in all real altions, or mixt, purfued before the said justices by original writ, for return of every original, ij. s. and for the return of every other writ and judicial procefs depending upon the fame, before judgment, ij. s. and for every wrifof execution after judgment, upon every original, inactions real or mixt, ij. s. and for the ferving of every writ of Habere fad feijinam, vj. s. viij. d.

Attachments LxXX. Item, For attachments upon Capias, or other procefs 0^7- fued before the said justices by original or judicial writ, if here-original &c, tUrn Cepi Corpus, ij. s. and for a Reddit Je, upon an exigent of 0	}	*	felony, in appeal of murder or maim, or upon any indictment

of felony or murder, ij. s. (2) and upon a Reddit fe, upon an exigent of debt, trefpafs, detinue, and all other actions perfonal, i. s. (3) and for the making of Replegiad, i. s. and TVithernam upon the fame, i. s. (4) For the return of every writ of appeal of murder or felony, or maim, i, s. and upon all other procefs grown upon the lame, as Venire fad, Tales, Habeas corf and Difir', i. s. (5) and in every action taken before the (heriff by ' Jufiicle5i for the fummons thereof, iv. d. and for every other procefs thereupon, iv. d. and for every prifoner delivered by acquittal, or by proclamation, for any manner of felony, i. s. Sufpeft per- LXXXI. Item, That every (heriff, within the limits of his Tons may be authority, may and shall put (uch persons under common main-put under prife, as they have reafonable caufe of fufpect, according to the m^iiprife	a<^	ma<*e	f°r	Wales, binding such as they shall fo put to

*7 H;8. c. 16. common mainprife with two fufficient fureties with them, by re-? Cognifance, to appear before the said justices within the limits of • their authorities, at the next great feftions to be holden next after the taking of such bonds, and shall certify the names of them that be bound, before the said justices at the said feftions accordingly, without concealment thereof, at their pleafure.

The (heriffs LXXXII. Item, That every person that the (heriff taketh to fees for com- common mainprife, to appear before the said justices as is afore-pr^.Tndferv- shall PaY f°r h*8 mainprife ij. d. and not above; (2) and ipgoV writs. " the (aid (heriffs to put no man to common mainprife, but such as be fufpect, and as shall be returned by them before the said justices at ttyeir feftions as is aforesaid. (3) And also the said (heriff shall have, for the return of a writ of felfe judgment, out of a bafe court, before the said juftices, ij. s. and that the feid (heriffs shall take no mapner of fee for the return of any of the said writs of execution afore exprefled, unlefs he return the fame executed.

Fees shall be LXXXIII. Item, That in all and every such writs, original jrafpd* aug- or judicial, or other procefs, pleas or writings, which be not

exprc(fe4

  L^OOQle

i£42-3*J Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto tlEN.VIII. C.26.	181

exprefled in this ordinance, the fees thereof, as well for the feals mentedand as writing, shall be rated by the said prefident, council and refident^ juftices, or three of them, whereof the said prefident to be one, COuncil and* by their diferetions from time to time, as the cafe shall require; jultices. and that they shall have full power and authority from time to time to aflels and appoint what fee the said (henffs, efeheators and coroners and their ministers, prenotaries and their clerks, and other minifiers of juftice in the said (hires, shall have, take and receive of the King’s fubjedts for any manner writs, plaints, pleas, procefs; returns, or any other matter or thing concerning or belonging to the execution of their offices and rooms, and to augment or dimini(h iny‘ fee or fees above declared, as Hiall be thought by their diferetions to be convenient and meet • for the common wealth of the King’s fubjedts of thofe parts of Wales; any thing contained in this adt to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXIVk Item, That from henceforth no manner of per- No felon put ton or persons, for murder or for felony, shall be put to his fine, to hit fine, but but fuffer according to the laws of the realm of England, except S^yed*1^^ it please the King’s majesty to pardon him or them ; (3) and p if the said justices fee caufe of pity, or other consideration, they may reprieve the prifdner till they have advertifed the King’s	•

majesty of the matter.

LXxXV. Item, That the adt ittade in the parliament holden A confirmad-in the twenty-fixth year of the moft royal reign of the King’s majesty, concerning (among other things) inquifitions and trials enquiry of of counterfeiting, wafhing, clipping and minilhing of the King’s offences done coin, murders, felons and acceflaries to the fame, perpetrated in Wales in or done within Wales, to be had, made and determined in the ^tadT^n* next (hire or county within England adjoining, where the King’s \n^ a i<M * writ runneth, and every article therein contained, shall (land in Mod. Cafes m his full ftrength and force, according to the tenor and effedt of law 13$. the fame; any thing in this said ordinance, or any other adt, caufe or matter heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. And albeit the fame aff as yet was never put inexe+ . action for any of the said offences heretofore done or committed within any of the said three Jhires of North Wales; that is to fay, the counties of Anglefey, Caernarvan and Merioneth, (2) be it now declared and enacted by the authority aforefidd. That the said a«ft, and every article therein contained, shall from henceforth take effedt, and be executed in all points for and concerning any of the said offences perpetrated and done, or that hereafter shall be perpetrated or done, within the said county of Merio~ netby to be enquired of, heard and determined within the county of Salop, in like manner and form as commonly is and hath been ufed for any of the fame or like offences committed or done within any other county of South Wales; any matter or caufe heretofore rifen or grown to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. Itemy That the town or hamlet of Abertannad,

N 3	and

  L^ooQle

182 Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. c.26. [1542-3.

Abertaniud and all the grounds and the foil within the fame, which afore annexedtoSa-.......................................... -	■	. -	.

lop, and within the hundred of Of-we/tre.

tiiis time hath been taken, reputed and ufed as parcel of the laid county of Merioneth, shall from the feaft of Eafler next coming, by virtue of this ad, be united, annexed and made parcel of the said county of Salop; and fo from thenceforth to be reputed, taken and ufed for ever, and not to be of any other (hire or county of Wales\ (2) and that the lame town or hamlet, and all the ground and foil within the fame town or hamlet, be from and afifer the said feaft accepted and taken as part and parcel of the hundred of OfweJlre\ (3) and that the inhabitants thereof from the said feaft shall be attendant, and do every thing and things with the inhabitants of the said hundred *{t*6 tJU -	Ufioejlre, as the fame inhabitants do dr be bound to do j

<J^	fmy laws or cuftoms to the contrary thereof notwithftandmg.

Foreign plea	LXXXVIII. Item, In cafe any foreign plea or voucher behere-

of.v£.uc.hcr after pleaded or made before any of the said justices of Wales, otlurlhire^n t>ctween party and party, triable in any other (hire within Wales, WalesorEng- than where the lame plea is pleaded or voucher made ; that then land.	the said juftices, afore whom the fame plea or voucher is or

(hall be pleaded or made, shall and may fend the King’s writ, with a tranfeript of the record mentioning the lame foreign mat->	ter of plea or voucher, under the feal to him committed, unto

the juftice of the county where the fame matter is or shall be triable, commanding the said juftice, by virtue of the said writ, to proceed to the trial thereof according to the King’s laws and ftatutes; which trial fo before him had, he shall remand with the whole record unto the juftice before whom the said plea or voucher was pleaded or made, who thereupon shall proceed to judgment, as the cafe shall require.

LXXXIX. Item, In cafe the fame foreign plea, voucher or other matter fo pleaded, be triable within this realm of England, that then in every such cafe the juftice, afore whom the fame plea or voucher is or shall be pleaded, had or made, shall and may proceed to the trial thereof, as shall appertain, within the fame (hire of Wales, where the fame plea, voucher or matter was pjeaded; the (aid foreign plea, voucher, or any other thing or matter to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XC. Item, That no manner of person or persons from henceforth, without lawful authority, shall make any rumours, tumults, unlawful aflemblies or outcries at any of the said courts or feffions, nor any outcries and unlawful aflemblies in g'eat numbers at any other time or times, except it be for the appre-henfion or purfuing of murderers or felons, upon pain of im-prifonment and grievous fine to be taxed and fet upon them by the said prefident and council, or by the justices or other officer before whom such mifdemeanor shall happen to be committed.

XCI. Item, That all manors, lands, tenements, mefilntges

Wales shall be and other hereditaments, and ail rights and titles to the fame,

Englifh te- any Qf	fhirc$ 0f Wales, defeended to any manner

nure, and not J	7	J	c

parable.	perion

No rumours, tumults, unlawful aflem-biies or outcries shall be in Wales.

AH lands in

  Google

tg42-3.] Anno tricefirflo quarto 6c quinto He tf .VIII. C.2 6.	1831

perfon or persons fith the feaft of the nativity of St. Bap-/ft? in the thirty-third year of our said fovereign lord’s reign, of mat hereafter mall defcend, betaken, enjoyed, ufed, and holder* as Eflglijb tenure, to all intents according to the common laws of this realm of Englandr, and not to be partable among heirs males after the custom of Gavelkind, as heretofore in divers parts of Wales hath been ufed and accuftomed. (2) And that the fame law, from and after the said feaft of St. John BaptiJJ, in the faid, thirty-third year, be ufed, taken, and exercifed in the said county 01 Monmouth^ and in all such lordfhips and other placjes, as by virtue of the said atft made in the said twenty-feventh year, 27	*•c- a6*

or by any other a£t or a&s made or to be made, were and ihall be annexed, united, or knit to any of the (hires of Salop, Hereford, Gloucefler, or other (hire j any laws, ufages, or cuftoms heretofore had or ufed to the contrary thereof notwithftand-mg.

XCII., Item, That no mortgages of lands, tenements, or he-Mortgages of reditaments made or had after the said feaft of St. John Baptifl, which wa$ in the said thirty-third year of the reign of our said s* fovereign lord, .or that hereafter shall be had or made within any of the said (hires or places, shall be hereafter allowed or admitted, otherwife than after the courfe of the common laws or statutes of the realm of England; any usage or custom heretofore had to the contrary' thereof notwithstanding.

XCOL Item, It shall be lawful to all persons to aliene, fell. All perf©fts or otherwife put away their lands, tenements, and hereditaments	fel1 th*,r

within the said country or dominion of Wales, the county of	them af-

Monmouthyand other places annexed to any of the (hires of terthe manner England, from them and their heirs, to any person or persons ot England, in fee-fimple or fee-tail, for term of life, or for term of years, after the manner, and according as is ufed by the laws of the realm of England; any Welch law or Cuftom heretofore ufed in the said country or dominion of Wales to the contrary there- , of notwithstanding. This article to take effect from and after the said feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl, which was iri the said thirty-third year of our said fovereign lord’s reign.

XCIV. Item, If any person or persons having lands or tene- Perfons hav-ments within the said dominion of Wales, been or hereafter shall ing lands in be bound within the realm of England, by obligation upon the statute of the ftaple, or by recognizance, and pay not the debt England! ** as shall appertain, that then upon certificate thereof made unto the King’s chancery of England, by the clerk of the ftaple, or by any juftice of record before whom such recognizance shall be knowledged, procefs shall be made to the (heriffs of Wales out of the chancery of England after the form as is ufed to be made upon statutes and recognizances, by the courfe of the laws of England, for the due levying and paying of the said debt.

XCV. Provided always, arid be it enacted by the authority

afore faid. That for such recognizance's as be or hereafter shall ces taken in

be taken and knowledged before the King’s justices of his the King’s

bighnefs bench or common-place in England* procefs shall be bench or com-

Y N4	mon-pUce.

  ^.ooQle

184	Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. C.26. [ r542-3.

had and purfued immediately out from the said juftices, as is ufed upon recognifances taken before the laid justices by the common courfe of the laws of England.

Writs, bills, XCVI. Item, That all such writs, bills, plaints, pleas, pro-plaints, &c. Cefs, challenges and trials, shall be ufed throughout all the (hires aforesaid, before the said justices in their feflions, as is ufed in North TValeSy or as shall be devifed by the said prefident, council and juftices, or three of them, whereof the (aid ptfefi-dent to be one, for the good miniftration of juftice to be had in every of the said (hires.

13 H. 8. c. 13. XCVIL Item, Where the lordjhip of Hope, with divers other lordfbipSj parijbesy towns and hamlets, were by an aft of parliament made in the thirty-third year of the reign of our said fevereign lord appointed and tranfated from the said county of Denbigh to the county of Flint, and by the fame aft were made party parcely and members of the fame county of Flint, afore which appointment or tranfiation divers indiftments and preferment sy as well of felony as other offences, were had and taken for the King's highnefey before the juftice of the said county of Denbigh, in the great fejfions there, and feme before the justices of the peace within the fame county, for offences fuppofei to be done within divers of the said lordjhips fo tranjlatedy and alfe divers judgments given at the fust of the parties before the /aid justices ; and feme before the Jberiff of the feud county of Denbigh, for matters rifen and grown within the precinft of the said lord/hips Indiftments or other places, before the tranfiation of the fame: (2) It is now mentsmsde or^a^ne<^ enafted, that all the said indiftments and prefent-fbrfuitTde* mentsfliall.be heard, tried, and determined within the said pending in county of Denbighy byperfons as well of the said lordfliip or iordihips that place where the said offences were done or committed, as of fVom one0VC<* ot^cr Place or P*accs within the said county of Denbigh, in cc^ntytoano- manner and form, as though the said tranflations had never ther.	been had nemade: (2) And also that the said judgments as

before given or had between party and parties, before any juftice of record or other officer within the said county of Denbighy for any matter or caufe, appearing by the record of the fame to be grown and rifen within any of the said Iordihips, parifhes, towns, or hamlets fo tranflated, shall and may be executed by the (heriff of the said county of Denbigh within any of the fame lordfhips, or other place fo tranflated; the (aid tranflation, or any other caufe or matter to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XCVIII. Iterny Like law and order to be kept and miniftred upon all other like tranflations of any other Iordihips, manors, towns, pariflies, and other places within IValeSy had, made or done in this present parliament, or any other afore or after the fame tranflations, or any other caufe or matter to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.	*

Suits tried ata XCIX. Item, Where there shall be divers and many fuits petty fcifions. taken before the said justices in pleas perform], which (as it is thought) cannot be tried before them in the time of the said great feffions, for brevity of time ; therefore, and for the fpeedy

trial

  Google

*542-3-l Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto HEN.VIII. €.26.	185

trial of thefe matters, the i(Tues taken in the said fuits shall and may be tried at a petty feflions* before the deputy justices there, as is arid hath been uied in the said three (hires of North Wales ; except such of the said fuits, as by the difcretion of the said justices shall be thought neceflary to be tried before themfelves, within their limits j (2) and that there shall be no fuit taken be- No fuit by bill fore any of the (aid justices by bill, under the fum of twenty under xxs. (hillings.

C. Item> If any murder or felony hereafter be committed or No agreement done within Wales> that then the party or parties to whom any IbaU be made such offence shall hap to be committed, shall in no wife make ^thont con-any end or agreement with the offenders in that behalf, nor with fcnt 0f the ~ any other in his name or behalf, unlefs the said party first make prefident, See. the (aid prefident and council, or one of the said juftices, privy H.s. c* unto the fame, (2) upon pain of imprifonment, and grievous *•I#* fine to be fet and adjudged at the difcretion of the said prefident.

Council and juftices, or two of them, whereof the said prefident to be one ; the fame pain and penalty to extend as well to and againft such as shall labour, move, or procure any such end or agreement made, although the fame labour, motion, or procurement never take effect, to make any end or agreement, as againft him or them with whom such end or agreement shall be made, if the fame happen to take effect.

Cl. Item, Where divers lordjhips marchers, as well in Wales, as in the borders of the fame, now being by a ft of parliament annexed to divers Jhires ^England, be lately come to the Kings hands by fupprejfion of boufes> by pur chafe or attainder s9 and now be under the furvey of the court of augmentations, or of the Kings general fur-veyors, the liberties, franchises, and cujloms of all which lordjhips be lately revived by aft of parliament made in the thirty-fecond year of his mojl gracious reign; neverthelefs his Majesty willeth and 3* H.8. c. so* commandeth, that no other liberties, franchises, or cuftoms	°f

lhall from henceforth be ufed, claimed, or exercifed within the said lordftiips, nor any other lordfliips within Wales, or the the marches county of Monmouth, whofoever be lord or owner of the fame, of ths fiune. but only such liberties, franchises and cuftoms, as be given and commanded to the lords of the fame lordlhips, by force and virtue, of the said aft of parliament made for JVales^ in the said twenty-feventh year of his Grace’s reign, and not altered ne a? H; 8. c. a6, taken away by this ordinance; the said aft made in the said thirty-fecond year, or any other aft, grant, law, or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CII. Item, That if any person or persons, their anceftors, or Peaceable pof-they whofe eftate the fame person or persons have or hath, in feffion of lands peaceable pofleflion of any lands or tenements in Wales, by the **vc y**1^ (pace of five years, without lett, interruption, or lawful claim: that then the fame person or persons shall (till continue their pofleflion, until such time as it shall be lawfully recovered a-gainft them by the order of the King’s laws, or by decree of the prefident and council there.	1

CIII. Item, In aftions perfonal, taken and ^purfued before juiyderir-

the cumftantibus#

 

Google

No fale of ftolen goods shall change the property,

the market.

186 Anno tricefimo quarto &quintp Hen.VIILc.z6. [i54-2-3*

the said iuftiees in /iPi/*/, by original writ orbiU* if nine of the jury be fworn to try the iflue between the party plaintiff and the defendant, and the rcfidue of thJ said jury make default, or be tried out: then the fticriffs shall and may immediately return other names in the said jury, de circumflantibus* unto such time there be twelve men fwom to try the inue between them', as before the juftiees of North Wales hath been afore ufed and ac-cuftomed in such cafes.

CIV. Item, T:hat if any goods or chattels be ftolen by any person or persons. and fold in any fair or market within the said dominion of Wales, that no such fale shall change the property thereof from the owjner of the fame, but that he may lawfully feize, take and have the fame again, upon proof thereof made, the said fale notwithilanding.

None (halt buy	CV. Item, That no person or persons bargain or buy any

cattle out of manner of beaft or other quick cattle in any place within Wales, out of the market or fair, unlefs he can bring forth fufficient and credible witnefs of the name of the perfon, what place and time he bought the fame, upon pain and danger of such puniihment and fine as shall be let upon him by the mid prelident and council, or any of the said juftiees in Ids circuit. For the said offence, and as he will therefore anfwer at his further peril.

CVI. Item* If any goods or chattels be ftolen withing the limits of any of the said (hires in Wales* that then upon fuit thereof had and made, the track shall be followed from townfhip to townlhip, or lord(hip to lordlhip, according to the laws and cuftoms in that behalf heretofore ufed in Wales* upon such penalty and danger as heretofore hath been accuftomcd.

CVII. Item* That every person that hath any lands or tene-* ments in fee-fimple or fee-tail, or for term of life, or for term of any other man’s life, being freehold, shall and may pafs in all manner juries and trials, as well in cafe of felony or murder, as in all actions real, perfonal and mixt, whatfoever they be, attaint only except-, (a) and also may be impanelled, and enquire pf ail concealments, forcible entries, and other caufes of enquiry for the King’s msyefty, albeit he may not djfpend forty shillings by the year •* (3) favjng to every man his lawful challenge for any other caufe, according to the laws of this realm of England.

CVIIL Item* That no juror(hail pafs in attaint, unlefs he may difpend forty shillings by the year of eftate of freehold.

CIX. Item, The tenants and jefiants in Wales shall pay their tallage at the ehange of their lords in such places, and after such form, as hath been heretofore accuftomed in Wales.

CX- Item* That all the King’s (ubjedls and refiants in Wales shall find, at all parliaments hereafter to be Iioklco in England* knights for the (hires, and citizens and burgefles for cities and towns, to be named and chofen by authority of the King’s writ under the great feal of England* according to the a& jn that cafe provided, (2) and shall be charged and chargeable to all fub-ftdics and otherclurges to be granted by the commons of any of

the

Following of ftolen goods.

A freeholder may paf$ in any jury.

Juror in attaint.

Tallage at the change of lords.

Knights for (hires, bur-gefles.

»7 H. 8. c. 16.

Sub Tidies and charges.

 

Google

1542-3.] Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII. 0.26*	187

the (aid parliaments, (3) and pay all other their rents, farms, aiftoms anthdaities to the Kings highness, as they have been ac- pines for re-cuftomed heretofore ; fines for redemption of feftions only ex- demption of cepted, which the King’s majesty of his moft gracious goodnefs feffiona remit-aiid liberality is contented and pleafed to remit at the humbletcd* fuit of his said loving fubje&s of his said dominion of Wales.

CXI. Item\ That the town of Haverfordwejl shall after the end Haverford a of this present parliament for ever find one burgefs for the (aid hurgefs. town, at every parliament after that time to be holden : (2) and the charges of the fame burgels to be always borne by the mayor, burgefles and inhabitants of the said town, and none other.

CXII. Item* That the King’s majesty shall have all felons Felons goods, goods, and goods of persons outlawed, waifs, ftrays and all wai*s> (frays, other forfeitures and efeheats whatfoever they be, anfwered thereof by the hands of the (heriffs ; laving always the rights and interefts of every of his fubje&s having lawful title to have the lame.

CXIIL hem, That all errors and judgments before any of the In what courts laid juitices at any time of the great (eflions, in pleas real or shall be raixt, shall be redrefled by writ of error, to be fued out of the redrelfed. ' King’s chancery of England* returnable before the King’s jufti-ces of his bench in England* as other writ& of error be in England.

(2)	And that all errors in pleas perfonal shall be reformed by. bills to be fued before the (aid president and council of IVaks* from time to time, as the party grieved will fue for the fame.

(3)	And if in cafe the judgment be affirmed good in any of the laid writs of error or bills, then there to make execution, and all other procefs thereupon, as is ufed in the King’s bench of England: (4) and that the purfuants in every such writ of error or bill do pay like fees therefore, as is ufed in England.

CXIV. Item* That no execution of any judgment given or Falfe judgr to be given in any bafe court be flayed or deferred by reafon meat, of any writ of falfe judgment, but that execution shall and may be had and made at all times before the reverfal of the said judgment, the purfuit of the said writ notwithstanding. (2) And in cafe the (aid judgment happen after to be reverfed, then the party purfuant to be reftored to all that he hath loft by the (aid judgment, according to the laws of the realm of England.

CXV. Item* That all procefs for urgent and weighty caufes Procefs for shall be made and dire&ed into Wales by the fpecial command- weighty ment of the chancellor of England for the time being, or any of the King’s council in England, as heretofore hath been ufed; any thing in this a<ft to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXVI. Item* That the town 01 Bewdley* which is within the Bewdley shall pari(h of Ribbesjford in the county of Wigcrn* and all the ground he within the and foil of the fame town* shall from henceforth be united, an- ^^efter nexed and made parcel of the county of Wigorn, and to be within the hundred of Dodingtre. (2)iAnd that all the inhabitants of the said town and parifti shall from henceforth be attendant, and do every thing and things with the inhabitants of the (aid .6	hundred.

  ^ooQle

188 Anno tricefimo quarto 8c quinto HEN.VIII.e.26. [1^44-3.

hundred, as the fame inhabitants be now bound to do by the laws of this realm of England. (3) Saving always^* the bur-gefles and inhabitants of the said town of Bewdley, all such liberties and franchises as they lawfully had and exercifed within the laid town before the making of this a&, ih like manner and form as though this a6t had never been had nor made*

LlSnftiffan, CXVII. Item, That the lordftiip of Uanjliffan, TJJlerleys and Langham and Langham, and the members of the fame, and all manors, lands* Ufterloys shall tenements and other hereditaments in the fame lordfhip, and be within the the members of the fame, be from henceforth united, annexed* Camnarthen. joined, named, accepted and taken as part and parcel of the county of Caermarthen, and reputed, joined, united, named* accepted and taken as part and parcel of the hundred of Derles in the said county of Caermarthen. (2) And that the tenants and inhabitants of the said lordfhips and members be attendant, and do every thing and things with the tenants and inhabitants of the said hundred of Defies^ as the said inhabitants now be bound to do, according to the laws there ufed.

Couftty court CXVIII. Item, That the county or (hire cburt of the coun-of Radnor*	ty of Radnor shall from henceforth be holden one time at Nezd

*7 H. 8. c.16. Radnor, and one other time at Prejion, alterms vicibus, and never from henceforth to be kept or holden at Rather Gowey; any former adi or other thing to the contrary thereof notwith-Handing.

CXIX. Item, It is further enabled by the authority aforesaid*

______ That the King’s mod royal majesty shall and may, at all times

alter laws and hereafter from time to time, change, add, alter, orcUr, minifli ordinances, and reform all manner of things afore rehearfed, as to his molt ^oealed11 ** exce^ent vrifdom and difcretion shall be thought convenient y (2) and also to make laws and ordinances for the common wealth and good quiet of his said dominion of Woks and his fubjedfe erf the fame, from time to time, at his Majesty’s pleafure; any thing contained in this aft, or in the said adt made for the said (hire-ground of Wales% or any other adt or ads, thing or things* to the contrary thereof heretofore made in any wife notwim-* (landing.

CXX. And that all such alterations of the premide9* or any part thereof, and all such laws and ordinances to be hereafter made, devifed and publifhed by authority of this ad, by the; King’s majesty, in writing under his Highnefs great feal, shall be of as good ftrength, virtue and effed, as if they had been had and made by authority of parliament.

How much the	CXXI. Item, Be it further enaded and ordained by authority

King's farmer aforesaid. That where the King’s maiefty that now is, by his of the fuhfidy letters patents bearing date the first day of May in the thirty-°\	1	f°urth	year of his mod profperous reign, demifed and granted

Avail take for*t0 bVilhum Webbe the fubfidy and usage of all woolen clothes the fealing of made of to ,be made in the county of Monyiouth, and in the a cloth. twelve (hires of Wales., that is to fay, in the county of Breek-nock,. Radnor, Montgomery, Caermarthen, Glamorgan, Pembroke^ Cardigan, Angle fey, Flint, Denbigh, Caernarvon and Merioneth, and in all and Angular towns and other places whatfoever they

be

The King may add and

repealed 11 i. c. 10.

Jac,

£4.

 

Google

I542“3-l Anno tricefimo qiiarto & quinto Hen.VIII. cji6. 189

be, within the precinft and limits of the said counties, and elfe-where within the dominon of Wales 5 to have and hold to the laid William Webbe and his affigns, for certain years yet enduring, (2) that the said William Webbe, his deputies and affigns,

(hall nave from henceforth full power and authority, by force of this aft, to take for the fealing of every woolen cloth hereafter to be made in the said twelve (hires, and elfewhere withih the feid dominion of Wales9 as hereafter is declared, and none otherwife ; that is to fay, for every whole piece of frize, j. d. every half piece of frize, ob. every piece of cotton and lining being xxiv. yards and under, ob. and for every piece of the feme being above xxiv. yards, j. d. of every broad-cloth, j. d. of every piece of kerfey being xviij. yards and above, j.d, of every piece of kerfey being under xviij. yards, eb.

CXXII. Provided always. That this aft, ne nothing therein Cloths made contained, extend not to charge any manner of person or per-	hoofe

fons, being or that hereafter mail be inhabitant in any of the ^otpuittofele# said twelve (hires, or elfewhere within the dominion of Wales, for any cloths, frizes, kerfeys, or linings made or hereafter to be made and occupied within their houles, and not to put to (ale to any person or per fans, but to their fervants for their wearing.

CXXIIL And further be it enafted by the authority afore- The aulnager faid, That the feid aulnager in Wales9 by himfelf, or by his fuf- Wales ficient deputy or deputies, shall in all things to his office apper- |a ”” 0f e^, taining, do and be bound to do and anfwer in every cafe, like	^

and according as all and every aulnager in the realm of England doth or ought to do, according to the laws and statutes of the realm of England; and for the contrary doing or exercifing of the said office, shall in every cafe and degree fuffer, as by the (aid laws and statutes is ordained, eftablimed or enafted for aul-nagers under the lord treafurer of England for the time being.

CXXIV. And furthermore the King’s majesty is contented Haverford-and pleafed, notwithstanding the statute made in the twenty-fe-venth year of his moft gracious reign. That where there (hould m 1 c * be but twelve (hires in Wales, that the town of Haverfordweji shall be a county in itfelf, as it hath been before this time ufed, at the will and pleafure of the King’s said majesty; (2) and that it shall be feparated from the county of Pembroke at the King’s said pleafure. (3) And that the King’s high juftice of the (aid county of Pembroke shall be high juftice of the said county and town of Haverfordweji, and shall have like power and authority, to and for the adminiftration of iuftice within the said county and town of Haverfordweji, as is limited and appointed to the said juftice to and for the adminiftration of juftice in the said county of Pembroke. (4) And that the mayor, lheriff, bailiffs and burgefles of the said county and town of Haverfordweji, from time to time, shall be as well attendant, and obey all precepts and commandments of the prefident and councilor our said fo-vereign lord the King in his marches of Wales, as also shall be attendant to ajl precepts and proccfs awarded or direfted by the

faid

 

Google

19a

The judicial Teal of Pembroke, See.

Anno tricefimo quarto & quinto Hen.VIII, c.26. [1542-3.

laid high juft ice unto the (heriff of the laid county and town of Haverfordwefl, and to make return thereof. (5) And the hud lherifi of the said county and town shall fenro all precepts and

Eocefs directed from the said high juftice, in like manner and rm as the (heriff of the said county of Pembroke is bound to do, and according to the effedt and purport of the King’s ordinances in that behalf had, made and provided. (6) And that k fhali be lawful unto the laid mayor, fheriffs, bailiffs and burgefles of the said county and town of Haverfordweji aforesaid, to ufe and exercife all lawful liberties and grants, by the Kim’s majesty or his noble progenitors to them granted and confirmed at the King’s majesty’s will and pleafure, according to the laws of the realm of England^ and not otherwife. (7) And that the judicial feal of the said (hires of Pembroke^ Caermarthen and Cardigan, being in the cuftody and keeping of the King’s high juftice there for the time being, shall be ufcd in the (aid county and town of Haverfordweji^ as the original and judicial feal of the said town and county. (8) And that the (aid juftice of the said (hires of Pembroke, Caermarthen and Cardigan, shall have like power and authority, by virtue of the King’s letters patents to him made, as well to do all and every tiling and things concerning common juftice to be miniftred within the said town and county of Haverftnrdwefty as he hath in his said letters patents within any of the said (hires of Pembroke, Caermarthen and Cardigan.

CXXV. Provided alway, That this article touching and concerning the county and town of Haverfordwejiy and all things therein contained, shall (land and endure but only at the King’s majesty’s will and pleafure, and none otherwife.

CXXVI. Provided alway. That this a6t or anything therein contained shall not be prejudicial nor hurtful to any person or per-fons, or bodies politick, for or concerning any lands, tenements, rents, fervices, bondmen, tolls or other hereditaments; but that they and every of them, their heirs, fucceflbrs and affigns, and the heirs, fucceflbrs and afligns of every of them, shall have, hold and enjoy their lands, tenements, rents, fervices, bond-,	men	and other their hereditaments, in such like manner, form

and condition, as they had the fame before the making of this a<ft, and as if this a61 had never been had ne made.

Every of the CXXV II. Provided alfo. That this adt nor any thing therein King's officers contained shall be hurtful or prejudicial to any person or persons, office^n^fees ^°r or concern*ng any office or offices, which they or any of as he did be-* ^em have by virtue of any the King’s letters patents, being now fore.	in	force before the making of this aeft, nor to the fees of money

ufed and accuftomed to be paid for the exercife of any such offices, but that every person and persons having such offices and fees, and their fubftitutes and deputies, shall and may have and exercife their said offices as is limited by this a<ft, and as they might have done before the making of this a<ft, and shall also have and perceive all such fees for the exercife of the said offices, in as large and ample manner, form and condition, as they might

afore

This aft prejudicial to no man’s inheri-ance.

  CjOoq le

i54*-2'] Aimotricefimoquarto&quintoHen.VIII. c.27,28.	191

afore the making of this ad, and as if this ad had never been had ne made.

CXXVIII. Provided always, That all lands, tenements and n0 gavelkind hereditaments, within the said dominion of Wales, shall def- land, but de-cend to the heirs, according to the courfe of the common laws rccn14able ac~ af the realm of England, according to the tenor and effed of of°theC this ad, and not to be ufed as gavelkind; any thing contained common law. in thefe provifions or any of them to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

CXXIX. Provided always. That this ad, ne any claufe. The offices article or thing therein contained, be in any wife prejudicial or and fees of hurtful to George Blunt efquire, fort and heir to Sir John Blunt knight, deceafed, for or concerning the offices of fiewardfhips of die King’s lordfhips or manors of Bewdley and Clebury, or any other office or offices heretofore granted unto the said George Blunt by the King’s letters patents, fealed under the great feal of England^ for term of life of the fame George, or for or concerning any fees, wages, rewards, annuities, profits, commodities, advantages or emoluments, appertaining or belonging unto the (aid offices or any of them * but that the laid George, his deputy and deputies, shall and may at all time and times, during the life of the fame George, have, hold, exercife and enjoy the fame offices, and every of them, and also per-ceite, levy and take the fees, wages, rewards, and all other profits and commodities to the fame offices, and every of them, or to any of them belonging, or in any wife appertaining, in as large and ample manner, form and condition to all intents, conftruftions and pvtrpofes, as though this aft had never been had or made; any thing before In this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXX. Provided always. That all liberties, franchises and All liberties privileges of the duchy of Lancajler, or in any wife appertain- of the duchy mg to the feme, shall be of the feme force, plight, quality, ufed as before, goodnefs and condition, and may be ufed in as large and ample manner, as they Ivere before the making of this aft, and as if this aft had never been had nor made; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the fubfidy of the temporalty.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the fubfidy granted by the clergy.

Statutes

  v^ooQle

The King9#

fucceffion in the crown.

In what fort the crown of England was entailed by the ftatate of H. 8. c. 71

Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIIL C. i. [1543,

Statutes made at Wejlminjler,	35 Hen.	VIII.

and £>0/0. 1543.

HENRY At* Eighth, by the grace of God, JGrarj England, France Ireland, defender of the faith, and of the church of England, and also of Ireland, in earth the fu~ preme head, to the honour of Almighty God,	/*r	/£* 00#-

00/Y/, quiet and wealth of this bis realm, fubjefts of the fame, begun this thirdfeffxon of this moft high court of parliament, at Weftminfter the fourteenth day 0/January in thefiat and thirtieth year of bis Majesty’s moft noble and victorious reign, and there held and continued the fame third fejfton till the nine and twentieth day of March in the said five and thirtiethyear} wherein were eftablifheft thefe afts following,

CAP. I.

An act for the eftablijhment of the King’s fucceffion.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the eighth day of June in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of our moft dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, an act was had and made for the eftablijhment of the fucceffion of the imperial crown of this realm ^ England, by which aft, amongft divers other things, it was enafted, That the imperial crown of this realm, with all dig-nities, honours, preheminences, prerogatives9 authorities, ana jurtf-diftions to the fame annexed or belonging, Jhould be to the King’s majesty and his heirs of his body lawfully begotten, that is to fay, to the firftfan of his body between his Highnefa and his then lawful wife Queen Jane, now deceafed, begotten, and to the heirs of the body of the fame first fan lawfully begotten; and for default of such heirs, then to the fecond fan of his highness body and of the body of the fold Queen Jane begotten, and to the heirs of the body of the fame fecond fan begotten, with divers other limitations of the eftates, conveyance, and remainders of the said imperial crown and other the premiffes.

II. find it was alfa enafted further by the said flatute. That for lack of iffue of our said fovereign lord the King’s body lawfully begotten \ that then his Highnefs Jhould and might give, will, limit, ajfign, appoint, or difpofa the said imperial crown, and other the premiffes, to what person or perfans, and give the fame person or perfans such eftate in the fame, as it Jhould please his Majesty? by his gracious letters patents under the great feed, or by his last will in writing, figned with his moft gracious hand, as by the fame aft among divers other things therein contained, more at large it doth appear; (2) Jit ben the making of which aft, the King’s majesty hath one only ijfue of his body laufnlly begotten, betwixt his Highnefs and hisfaid late wifi Queen Jane, the noble and excellent prince, prince Edward, whom Almighty God long prefarve s (3) and aljb his Majesty hath now of

late.

Google

193

1543-] Anno tricefimo cjuinto Hen.VIIL C.i.

late, fithen the death of the said Queen Jane, taken to his wife the moft virtuous and gracious lady Katherine, now Queen ^England* late wife of John Nevil knight, lord Latimer deceafed, by whom as yet bis Majesty hath none iffue, but may have full well, when it Jhall please God; (4) and forajmuch as our said moft dread fovereign lord The King's the King upon good and juft grounds and caujes, intendeth by God's intended voy* grace to make a voyage royals in his mojl royal perfon, into the realm pf !^e? of France, againji his ancient enemy the French King; (5) His Higbnefs moft prudently and wifely conftdering and calling to his re-membrance, how this realm ftandeth at this present time in the cafe of fucctffton, and poifing and weighing further with bimfelf the great truft and confidence that his loving fubjefts have had and have in bim+ putting in his bands wholly the order and declaration of the fucceffioti of this realm; (6) recognizing and acknowledging also, that it is in the only pleafure and will of Almighty God, how long his Higbnefs or his said entirely beloved fon prince Edward /ball live, and whether the said prince /hall have heirs of his body lawfully begotten, or not, or whether his Higbnefs /hall have heirs begotten and procreated ' between his Majesty and his said moft dear and entirely beloved wife Quean Katherine that now is, or any lawful heirs and i/fues hereafter y his own body begotten by any other his lawful wife: (7) and albeit that the King's moft excellent majesty, for default of fetch heirs os be inheritable by the said aft, might by authority of the said aft' give and difpofe the said imperial crown, and other the premijfes, by his letters Patents under his great feal, or by his last will in writing, figned with his moft gracious hand, to any perfn or persons, of such eftate therein as should please his Higbnefs to limit and appoint; yet to the intent that his Majeftfs difpofitton and mind therein should be openly declared and manifeftly known, and notified as well to the lords fpiritual and temporal, as to all other his loving and obedient fubjefts of this his realm, to the intent that their affent and eonfent msgbi appear to concur with thus far as followeth ofhit Majeftfs de+ deration in this behalf: (8) his Majesty therefore thinketh convenient, afore his departure beyond the feas, that it be enaft* cd, by his Highnefs, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament affem-* bled, and by the authority of the fame, and therefore be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe it shall happen ^ ^ the King’s majesty, and the said occellent prince his yet only and prince fon prince Bckvard, and heir apparent, to deceafe without heir Edward frail of either of their bodies lawfully begotten (as God defend) fo die without that there be no such heir male or female of any of their two^f1{hc^r bodies, to have and inherit the said imperial crown, and other tben°the his dominions, according and in such manner and form as in the crown frail forefaid aft and now in this is declared: that then the said ml* remaJ*lto ^c perial crown, and all other the prcmiffes, shall be to the ladyMary,&c. Mary, the King’s highness daughter, and to the heirs of the body of the fame lady Mary, lawfully begotten, with such conditions as by his Highnefs shall be limited by his letters patents under his great feal, or by his Majesty’s last will in writing figned with his gracious hand. (9) And for default of such Iffue* The remain* the said imperial crown and other the prcmiffes, shall be to the Aer to the lady Vo L.V.	O	lady,Elisabeth.

194	Anno	tricefimo	qirinto Hen. VIII. C.r. [1549*

lady Elizabeth, the King’s fecond daughter, and to the heira of the body of the said lady Elizabeth, lawfully begotten, (10) wkh fuch, conditions, as by his Highnefs shall be limited by his letters patents under his great feal, or by his Majesty’s last will in writing, figned with his gracious nand; any thing in the said aft made in the said eight and twentieth year of the said fovereign lord, to the contrary of this aft notwithftand-ing.

king’s majesty shall hereafter by Grace’s letters patents, fealed under his great feal, or by his Majesty’s last will in writing, figned with his Highnefs hand, declare and limit to her said eftate, in the said imperial crown, and other the premifles ; That then and from thenceforth, for lack of heirs of the fcveral bodies of the King’s majesty and the said prince Edward lawfully begotten, the said imperial crown, and other the premifles, shall be and come to the laid lady Elizabeth, and to the heirs of her body lawfully begotten, in such like manner and form, as though the said lady Mary were then dead, without any heir of her body begotten; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The eftate of IV. Provided alway, and be it further enafted by the au-theladyE#»- thority aforesaid, That if the said lady Mary do keep and per-beth tied with form such conditions, which the King’s majesty shall hereafter con moils, ^ig (jrace»s letters patents, fealed under his great feal, or by his Majesty’s l;}ft will in writing, figned with nis Highnefs hand, declare and limit to her said eftate, as is aforesaid, and that the (aid lady Elizabeth, for her part do not keep and per* form such conditions, which the King’s majesty shall hereafter by his Grace’s letters patents, fealed under his great feal, or by his Highnefs last will in writing, figned with his moft gracious hand, declare and limit to her laid eftate in form aforesaid : that then and from thenceforth, for lack of heirs of the feveral bodies of the King’s majesty, the (aid lord prince, and of the said lady Mary, lawfully begotten, the said imperial crown, and other the premifles, shall be and come to such person and persons, and of such eftate and eftates, as the King's highness by his letters patents fealed under his great feal, or by his last will in writing, figned with his Majesty’s hand, (hail limit and appoint.

A limitation V. Provided alway, That if the said lady Mary do not keep

and perform such conditions which shall be limited and ap-Marydo&reak P°*ntc^ to her said eftate in the (aid imperial crown, and other her condi-	the premifles as is aforesaid, and the (aid lady Elizabeth being

tions, and the then dead without any heir of her body lawfully begotten j that lady Elizabeth then and from thenceforth, for lack of heirs of the feveral \^lthoat bodies of the King’s majesty, and the (aid lord prince lawfully begotten, the said imperial crown, and other the premifles, shall be, come and remain to such person and persons, and of such eftate and eftates* as the King’s highness by his letters

patents.

  VjOOQlC

15+3.3 Anno trieefimo quinto HfcK. VIII.	195

patents, fealed Under his great feal, oT by his lift will in writing, figned with his Majesty’s hand, shall limit and appoint.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by authority afore- Theeftatesof faid, That ih cafe the King’s majesty do not declare and limitth*. ^7 by his letters patents, or by his last will, in form as is aforesaid, *”thc * any condition to the eftateS and intereft afore limited to the said limit no con-lady Mary, and lady Elizabeth, tior to the eftate or intereft of ditions.

any of them: that then every such of the said lady Mary, and Ma^c P^P®* hay Elizabeth^ to whofe eftate or intereft no condition (nail be \ . iau limited by the King’s majesty in form aforesaidj shall have and * 3* enjoy fucn intereft, eftate and remainder in the said imperial Crown, and other the premises, as is before limited by this aft, without any manner of condition ; any thing in this present aft to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII.	And torafmuch as it ftandeth in the only pleafure and will of Almighty God, whether the King’s majesty shall have any heirs begotten and procreated between his Highnefs and his said moft entirely beloved wife Queen Katharine, or by any other his lawful wife, or whether the said prince Edward shall have ifTue of his body lawfully begotten, or whether the lady Mary and lady Elizabeth, or any of them, shall have any ifTufc of any of their bodies lawfully begotten, and if such heirs lhould feil (which God'defend) and noprovifion made in the King’s life, whc should rule and govern this realm, for lack of such heirs, as in this present aft is afore mentioned: that then this realm after the King’s tranfitory life, and for lack of such heirs,

OlooM be deftitute of a lawful governor to order, rule and govern the fame:

VIII.	Be it therefore enafted by the authority of this present The King by parliament. That the King’s highness shall have full power his or and authority to give, difpofe, appoint, affign, declare and

liztiit by his gracious letters patents under his great feal, or elfe afibrelthere-by his Highnefs last will made in writing, and figned with his verfion or rtoft gracious hand, at his only pleafure, from time to time remainder of hereafter, the imperial crown of this realm, and all other the premifles, to be, remain, fucceed, and come after his deceafe, hewing °D ** and for lack of lawful heirs of either of the bodies of the King’s highness and prince Edward begotten, and also for lack of lawful heirs of the bodies of the said lady Mary and lady Elizabeth, to be procreated and begotten, as is afore limited in this aft, to ftich person and pftfons in remainder or re-verfion, as shall please his Highnefs, and according to such feftate, and after such manner and form,- fifhion, order or condition, as shall be exprefled, declared, named and limited in his Highnefs letters patents, or by his last will in writing, figned with his moft gracious hand, as is aforesaid ; any thing contained in this present aft, or in the said former aft, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IX.	And for further corroboration of tnis present aft, and of the said aft made in the said eight and twentieth year of our said fovereign lord, and also utterly to exclude the long ufurped power, authority andjurlfdiftionof the bifhops of Rom?} -where

O	2	in

1	BuJftr. 199.

2	feiiz. c. 3.

196	Anno	trieefimo quinto Hen.VIU. c.i« [154$,

in the said aft made for the cftablilhment of the Kings fuc-celfion, at the said parliament holden at IVeJlminJler the eighth dav of Juntj in the eight and twentieth year of the King’s majesty’s reign, there is one oath limited in the said aft, as in the said aft ajnongft other things appeareth.

X.	And where also at the said parliament there was another statute made and ordained againft such as would both extol and ftand to the jurifdiftion, power and authority of the fee and bifhop of Romiy in which statute there is comprifed another oath, in such wife as in the fame statute amongft other things is mentioned. (2) Forafmuch as in both the said oaths, mentioned in the said feveral afts, there lacketh full and fufficient words, whereby fome doubts might arise : therefore be it enafted by the authority of this present parliament, That from and after the last day of this feftion, all and every such person and persons, which be ordered and limited by the said leveral afts, to take the said oaths mentioned in the fame aft, fhaU thenceforth, in lieu and place of thefe two oaths, take and fwear this corporal oath, according to the tenor enfujng. (3) And that they which have already fworn the other aforesaid oaths. They which or any of them, shall take and efteem it of the fame effeft and havefwom the force, as though they had fworn this. (4) Which former oaths notwfthftanding, becaufe they be not lb pithy to all effefts, them as if	nor f° plainly	fet forth as were	convenient: therefore be it

they had	enafted by authority of this present parliament, that after this

fworn this.	prefent feftion, the said oaths fpecified in the (aid feveral afts,

(hall not thereafter be miniftred, nor any person hereafter be compejled to accept the fame, and this oath hereafter mentioned in this aft, to ftand in force and place of the said two oaths.

The oath a- XI. I A. B. having now the vail of darknefs of the ufurtedpower, gainft theau- authority and jurifdiftion of the fee and bijhop of Rome clearly taken {Jorityo*^ away from mine eyesy do utterly teflify and declare in my eonfeieneej iome and	f^at nelt^er tbe fa nor	bijhop of Rome, nor any foreign potentate»

for the mam- haihy nor ought to have any judijdiftion% power or authority within tenance of the this realm, neither by Gods lawy nor by any other jujl law or means. title of the	(2) And though by jufferance and abufe in times pqffedy they afore-

Kmg and his	jrau fmji	Gn£ vindicated a	fained and an unlmvful power

Rep/i & *	and jurifdiftion	within this realm,	which hath been fupported till

Ph. 8c M. c. 8 .few years pajfed; therefore becaufe it might be deemed and thought SceiEliz.c. 1. thereby, that I took or take it for juft and good, I therefore now do '	clearly and frankly renounce, refufa relinquijb and for Jake that pre-

tended authority, power and jurifdiftion, both of the fee and bijhop of Rome,> and of all other foreign powers: (3) and that I /ball never confent nor agree that the forefaid fee or bijhop of Rome, or any of their fuccemrsy Jhatl praftifey exercife, or have any manner of authority, jurijdsftion or power within this realm, or any other the Kings realms or dominions y nor any foreign potentate, of what ejlatey degree or condition jbtver he bey but that 1 /ball refift tbe J'ame at all times to tbe uttermofl of my poiver : (4) and that / JbaU. bear faithy truth and true allegiance to the King's majefyy and to bis heirs and fuccejfors, declared, or hereafter to be declared by tbe

autkorU/

  v^ooQle

1543-] Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.i.	•	i

authority of the ail made in the feffun of the parliament holden at Weftmi nftcr the fourteenth day offanuary, in the five and thirtieth year, and in the Jaid aft made in the eight and twentieth year of the King's majefifs reign ; ($) and that I Jhall accept, repute and take the King's majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors (when they or any of them Jhall enjoy his place) to be the only fupreme had in earth, under God, of the church of England and Ireland, and of all other his Highnefs dominions: (6) and that with my body, cunning, wit, and utter-moft of my power, without guile,frauds or other undue mean, I Jbdl obferue9 keep9 maintain and defend all the King's majejly's fiiles> titles and rights> with the whole effefls" and contents of the ails provided for the Jame9 and all other afts and Jlatutes made9 or to be made within this realm9 in and for that purpose9 and the derogation, extirpation and extinguijhment of the ufurped and pretended authority, power andjurifdiftion of the fee anabijhop of Rome, and all other foreign potentates, as afore: (7) and also as well the said fiatute made in the said eight and twentieth year, as the Jlatute made in the Jaid JeJJion of the parliament holden the five and thirtieth year of the King's majejly's reign, for ejlablijhment and declaration of his highness fucceJJton9 and all afts andJlatutes made> and to be made in confirmation and corroboration of the Kings majejly's power and fupremacy in earth of the church of England and of Ireland, and of other the Kings dominions, I Jhall also defend and maintain with my body and goods, arid with all my wit and power, (8) and this I Jhall do againfi all manner of perfont, of what efiate9 dignity, degree or condition they be9 and in no wije do7 nor attempt, nor to my power fajfer, or know to be done or attempted, direttly or indi-refifyy any thing or things privily or apertly9 to the let, binderance9 damage or derogation of any of the said Jlatutes9 or of any part of tbem9 by any manner 6f means, or for or by any manner of pretence.

(9) And in cafe any oath hath been made by me to any person or per- ^ formcr oatj, Jins in maintenance, defence or favour of the fee and bijhop of Jlome9 reputed vain or bis authority, jurifdiflion or power, or againfi any the Jlatutes and void by aforesaid9 I repute the fame as vain and annihilate and Jhau wholly *he l“at and truly obferve and keep this oath. So help me God9 all faint s9 and wcarc * the holy evangelifis,

XII.	And it is also enafted by authority aforesaid, That all and wbofhajltakf every person and performs, fpiritual and temporal, filing livery, fer oath, ftitution, or Oufier le main9 out of the King’s, his heirs or

focceflors hands, or doing any fealty to his Highnefs, his heir$ or fucceflbrs, or which shall be fwom to the King, his heirs of fucceflbrs, or that shall have any office, fee or rQwme of the moft gracious gift of the King*s majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or shall be received in fervice With his Grace, his heirs or fucceflbrs, shall make, take or receive the said oath.

XIII.	And that also all and every other ecclefiaftical perfon, at the time of his taking of orders, (2) and all and every other person which shall be promoted or preferred to any degree of learning in any univerfity within this his realm, or other the King’s dominions, at the time of his or their promotion or preferment, or eveiy of them, shall make, take and receive the ftjd path by this a« fet forth and declared, as is aforesaid, be-

03	fore

k	Digitized	by	Google

Anno tricefimo quinto H«H. VIIL c.i. ^1543^

fore his or tb$ir ordinary, or th$ ^ommif^ry of such imivprfity, (3) And that aU and fipgular other the King’s majesty’s fubjeft* and reliant* within this his Grace’s realm* and pther his Ma-jefty’s 'dominion^, at his Highnefs will and pkafure (hail accept and take the fame oath before such comtniflkmer or cpcnmilConers as hi$ Highnefs shall appoint for the fame, it (hail be high	XIV. And it is aUo enabled hy the authority aforesaidi That

treafon to re- if any person or perfoos liipited or commanded by the authority. fuJetotakethe 0£ this aft to make and take the said oatha or commanded by Xeo.	aPX other P**f°n perfoos aothorifcd by the King’s highneis

c. Ji.	commiffion under his great feal to make the said oath, obfti-

xM.fefT.i.c.i. natefy refute that to do : that then every such offence and contempt Ihall be high treafon, (2) and the offenders thereof being lawfully ponviftea, shall fuffer pains of death, and other forfeitures, penalties and Ioffes as is limited and accuftomed ia cafes of high treafon, by. any laws or statutes of this realm heretofore had or made in any wife concerning the feme.

The penalty XV. And be it fort her enafted by authority aforesaid, That for doing any if any person or persons, of what eftate, degree, dignity* or con-thing to the djtjon foever they be, at any time hereafter, by words, writing, oTthi^a^or Sprinting, or by any exterior aft or deed, malicioufly or wil-of any eftalipgly procure or do, or caufe to be procured or done direftly limited there- or indirefty, any thing or things, and for the interruption, by* «	repeal, or apnullation pf tliis aft, or of any thing therein con-

H. 8 c 21 t^hv?d, or, of any thing that shall be done by the King’s highness,

1	Ed. 6. c. It. in foe limitation and difpofition Qf his Majesty’s crown, and

2	JEliz. c. 3. other the premiflps, by authority of the fame, or to the peril

(lander or difinherifon of any the iffues and heirs of the King’s majesty, being limited by this aft, to inherit, and to be, inheritable to the crown of this reality in such form as is aforesaid, or to the interruption or difoerifon of any person or per-fpns to whom the imperial crown of this realm, and other the premiffes is aligned, limited and appointed by this aft, or shall be by the King’s majesty’s letters patents under his Highnefs great feal, or by his last will in writing, (igned with his moft gracious hand, limited and difpofed by the authority of this aft, as is aforesaid, whereby any such iffues or heirs of the King’s majesty, pr such other person or persons, might be de-ftroyed, difturbed or interrupted in body or title, of the inheritance of the crown of this realm, as to them is limited in this aft, in form above rehearfed, or as to them shall be limited or affigned by the King’s highness, by virtue and authority of this aft; that then every such person and persons, of what eftate, degree or condition loever he or they bej and their aiders, counfellors, maintainers and abettors, and every of them, for every such offence afore declared, shall be adjudged high traitors, and that every such offence afore fpecified, shall be adjudged high treafon, (2) and the offenders therein, their aiders, counfellors, maintainers and abettors, and every of them, being lawfully convift of any such offence, after the laws and cuftoms of this realm, shall fuffer pains of death, and Ioffes and forfeitures, as in cafes of high treafon:

XVI.	Saving

 

Google

*543*] Anno tricefimo quihto Hen. VIII. c. 2, 3.	199

XVL Saving alway to every perfen and persons, and bodies politick, to their heirs, afligns and fucceffors, and to the heirs and fucceffors of every of them (other than such persons as shall be fo convid or attainted, and their heirs knd fucceflors, and aft other claiming to their ufes) (2) all such right, title, ufe, intereft, pofleflion, condition, rents, fees, offices, annuities and commons, which they or any of them shall have, in or upon any fiich manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities or hereditaments* that shall fo happen to be loft and forfeit by reafon of any convidion or attainder for any the treafons and offences above rehearfed, at any time before the said treafons and offences committed.

cap. n.

Am alt for the trial of treafons committed out of tit King's

dominions.

FOrafeiueh as fme doubts and qtteftions have been moved, That Where and certain kinds of treafons, mijprifions, and concealments of trea-	whom

fens, done, perpetrated, or committed out of the Kings majejty's ^tecTout of realm of England, and ether his Grace's dominions, cannot ne may the realm shall by the common laws of this realm be tnqmredof, heard and determined be tried. within this his said realm of England: {t.\ for a plain remedy,:1 \L®®* 54-order and declaration therein to be had and made, be it enad- jy ® * 9*'b ed by authority of thte present parliament, That aft manner of offences, being already made and declared, or hereafter to be made or declared by any of the laws and (Statutes of this realm to be treafons, raifprifions of treafons, or concealments of treafons, and done perpetrated or committed, or hereafter to be done, perpetrated or committed,, by any person or persons out of this realm of England, shall be from henceforth enquired of, heard and determined before the King's juffices of his bench, for pleas to be holden before himfelf, by good and lawful men of the feme fhire where the said bench fhajl fit and be kept,

(3) or elfe before such commiffioners, and in such (hire of the realm, as shall be affigned by the King’s maiefty’s commiflion, and by good and lawful men of the feme mire, in like manner and form to all intents and purposes, as if such treafons, mifprifions of treafons, or concealments of treafons had been done, perpetrated and committed within the fame (hire where they shall be fo enquired of, heard and determined as is afore- 1 Roll. 91. faid.

II.	Provided always. That if any the peers of this realm Trial of peers, shall happen to be indi&ed of any fijeh treafons, or other of- * Bulft. 198, fences aforesaid, by the authority of this act, that then, after	,3‘

fuch indi&ment, they shall have their trial by their peers, in* lf> such like manner and form as hath heretofore been accuftomed. Dyer 298,361.

CAP. IIL

An alt for the ratification of the King's majeftfs file.

WHERE our mofl dread natural and gracious fovereign leige

lord the King hath heretofore been7 and is jufiiy lawfully andItl csan tlt Cf

0 4.	notorioufy

Repealed i Sc * Ph. Sc M. c. 8. and revived by i El/

p. i.

Pyer ?s.

E.EP. i E. «.

f. j*.

What kind of jurors shall appear upon a Nili pnus, &c. £>ol(b. xj6. pi. 33-

Anno triccfimo quinto Hen.VIII, c. 4—6.	[1543.

notoriouffy known* named* publijbed and declared to be. King of England, France W Ireland, defender of the faith* W ^ the church tf/'England, also of Ireland, /« earth fupreme head; and hath juflly and lawfully vfed the title and name thereof as to his Grace ap-pertaineth: be it enaded by the King our lovereign lord, with the affent of the lorcjs fpiritual ana temporal, and the commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the famp. That all and Angular his Grace’s fubieds and refiants, of or within this his realm of England* Ireland, and elfewhere within other his Majesty’s dominions, shall from henceforth accept and take the fame nis Majesty’s ftile, as it is declared and fet forth in manner and form following, that is to fay, in the Latin tongue by thefc words, Henricus Odfavus Dei Gratia* Anglia* Francia Iff Hibernia Rex, fidei defenfor, & in tetra ecclefia Anglicana Iff Hibernica fupremum caput; and in the English tongue by thefe words, Henry the Eighth* by the grate of God King ^England, France find Ireland, defender of the faith* and of the church of England, and also of Ireland, m earth the fupreme head: and that the said ftile, declared and fet forth by this ad, in manner and form as is above-mentioned, (hau be from henceforth, by the authority aforesaid, united and an? nexed for ever to the imperial crown of his Highncfs realm of England.

II. It shall be high treafon to attempt to deprive the King of this ftile. Rep. 1 M. Jh 1. c. i.f 3.

CAP. IV.

The bill fpj? decayed houfes and tenements in Wales.

CAP. V.

No person (halj be put to his trial upon an accufation concerning any of the offences comprifed in the statute of 31 H 8. e. 14. but only upon such as shall be made by the oath of twelve men before commiflioners authorized: and the prefentment shall be made within one year after the offence committed. No person shall be arreftedor committed to ward for any such offence before he be indided. If any preacher or reader shall fpeak any thing in his fermon or reading, contrary to any matter contained in the fix articles, he shall be accufed or jndided thereof within forty days, or elfe he difeharged of the said offence.

CAP. VI. .	|

The bill for the better appearance in the Nifi prius.

FOrafmuch as the ijfues joined in every affion* fuit* and demand between party and party at the common law, are by the laws of this realm for the tnoft fart tried and triable by the verdifi of twelve men* wherein it daily feen great delays partly for lack of appearance of the persons returned to try such ijfues* the occafion whereof conutb by reafon of maintenance, imbracery* finijltr labour* and corrupt demeanors? and partly by reafon of (he challenges of the parties to t$e

*

 

Google

2or

*54*3-] Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.6.

jury &r jurors fo returned, to the great tofts, charges, and hindrance of tbeparties to the said actions, fuits and demands, and to the great delay and hindrance ofyuftice:

II.	For reformation whereof, and for the more expedition of juftice hereafter to be had in such manner trial of iffues,

III.	Be ij enacted by the authority of this present parliament, Tlieforra of a That in eveiy cafe where such persons as (hould pafs upon the vc”,rc ^cia*, trial of any inue joined in any of the King’s gourts of record, commonly holden at IVeftminJler, ought by the law to difpend pend xl. *. xl. s. by the year of freehold for term of life, that the writs of yearly, and venire facias, which, from and after the first day of April next whcrc he need coming,- shall be awarded and dire&ed for the impanelling o^bolt such persons as shall try the fame iffiie, shall be in this form ; pi. 4X7. 334~ Rex,(Ac. Pracipimus, £jTr. quod venire fad coram, &c. xij. Bberps & xRoll. 351. kgales homines de vicineto de B. quorum quitibet habeat quadraginta

fdidaf terra, tenement* vel reddif per annum ad minus, per quos rei

veritas melius feiri poterit; Et qui nec, &c. and fo forth the refi-	.

due of the said writ, after the ancient form. (2) And in every

cafe where it is not requiiite, that the persons that shall pafs upon

the trial of any iffiie joined in any of the King’s courts aforesaid,

(hall difpend xl. s. by the year of freehold, that then the writs of venire facias that shall be awarded after the said first day of April, shall be made after the form aforesaid, omitting this elaufe, quorum qmlibet habeat quadraginta folidat9 terra, ten9 vel reddif per annum ad minus. (2) And that upon every such writ and *7 Eh c. 6. writs of venire facias that shall have the said elaufe, quorum quili-bet, &c. the (heriff, or other minifter or miaifters to whom the making of the panel shall appertain, shall not return in any such panel any perfon, unlefs he may difpend xl. s. by the year at the lead of eftate of freehold out of ancient demefne within the county where the iflue is to be tried. (4) And also shall return s5x hundred-m every such panel upon the fame venire facias fix fufficient hun- turn^db^the * dredors at the leaft, if there be fo many hundredors within the (heriff. * said hundred where the venue lieth, (5; upon pain to forfeit for every person being returned in any such panel, that cannot dif-pena xl. s. by the year, as is aforesaid, xx. s. (6) And for every hundredor that shall be omitted in such return of the number aforesaid, xx. s. (7) And in every writ of venire facias, wherein the said elaufe, quorum quilibet &c. shall be omitted, the (heriff, or other minifter or ministers to whom the making of the panel shall appertain, shall not return in any such panel, any perfon, unlefs he may difpend fome lands or tenements of eftate of freehold out of ancient demefne within the county where the-iflue is to be tried, (8) and also shall return in every such panel upon the fame venire facias, fix fufficient hundredors at the leaft, if there be fo many hundredors within the said hundred where the venue lieth, upon like pain as is aforesaid.

IV.	And furthermore be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. What iffuet That upon every first writ of habeas corp* or diftringas, with a nifi foa,i be re-prius, delivered of record to the (heriff, or other minifter or mi- ed upon filters to whom the making of the return shall appertain, the X7ei. c. 6.

faid

  v^ooQle

2qz	Anno tricefimo qrnnto Hen. VIII. c.6.	[1543.

fiud (heriff, and other minifter and ministers, (hall, from and after the said first day of Aprils return in iflues upon every period impanelled and returned upon any such writ, at Jhe leaft v. s. (a) And at the fecond writ of habeas corpora, or dijlringas, with a nifi prius, upon every person impanelled and returned upon any such writ, x. $. at the leaft: (3) and at the third writ of habeas corpora, or difirmgas, with a tuft prius, that Hull be further awarded upon every such person impanelled and returned upon any Inch writ, xiij. s. iy. d. (4) and upon every writ that shall be further awarded to try any wchiflue, to double the iflues last afore Ipecified, until a full jury be (worn, or the procefs otherwifeceafed or determined, upon pain to forfeit for every return to be made, contrary to the form afordaid>v. 1.

V.	And for a more fpeedy trial of iflbes to be tried by the

verdift of twelve men, hereafter to be had.

Tales derir- VL Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in

cun^antibii* CVery fucfr writ of habeas corpora9 or difiringas, with a nifi prius%

tiVs or dt-* where a full jury, shall not appear before the justices of alftfes or.

fcndant's re- nifi print*, or die after appearance of a full jury* by challenge of

qoeft.	any	of the parties the jury is like to remain untaken for definite

5.®J:c* *5* of jurors* that then the fame juftices, upon reqocft made by tho

tended to^the plaintiff or defendant* shall have authority by virtue of this

twelve (hires to command the (hei^ff, or other minifter or ministers to

in Wales, Sec. whom the making of the (aid return shall appertain, to name

5 and *PPW**»as own-a$ oeed shall require, fo many of fucho«her

tales may^be* *bie persons of the said equity then present at the (aid affifes or

granted on a nifi priusas shall make up a full jury y which persons fo to be

qui tam. Sec. named and impanelled by fiich (her iff, or other minifter or mi*

1	5°!!’ Sr‘ * Afters* shall be added, to? the former panel, and their names an-a Roll.76.183, nexed to thc

Poph. 35. VII. And thaj: every of the parties shall and may have his or Dyer too, 376, their challenge to the jurors fo named, added and annexed to Ch nf	former panel by the (aid (heriff or other minifter or mi-

tbe^tsdcST °* n^crs» xn such wife as if they had been impanelled upon the 10 Co. 10*. b. venire facias awarded to try the (aid ifliie 3 (z) and that the (aid* justices shall and may proceed to the trial of every such ifliie with thofe persons that were before impanelled and returned, and with thofe newly added and annexed to the said former panel by virtuo of this a&, in such wife as they might or ought to have done, if all the said jurors had been returned upon the writ of venire facias, awarded to try the said ifiue.

VIII.	And that all and every such trial had after the said first day of April, shall be as gpod and effectual in the law, to all intents, conftru&ions and purposes, as if such trial had been had and tried by twelve of the jurors impanelled and returned upon the writ of venire feuias awarded to try such ifliie.

IX.	And in cafe such persons as tne (aid (heriff, minifter or ministers, shall name and appoint, as is aforesaid, or any of them, after they shall be called, be prefent, and do not appear, or after his or their appearance do wilfully withdraw him or themfelves from the prefence of the court, that then such justices shall and may fet such a fine upon every such juror making default, or

»	Will-

  v^ooQle

*543*1 Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.6.	*o$

wilfully withdrawing him(elf, as is aforesaid, as they shall think good by their difcretion; (2) the said fine to be levied in such manner and form, as i flues forfeited and loft by jurors for default of their appearance at the common law have been accuftomed to be levied.

X.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The jurors where any jpry that (ball be returned by the fheriff,or other mini-

ftee or ministers, (had be made full by the commandment of the Hfaes.

(fad juftices, by virtue of this present act, that yet nevertbelefs such Bro. Hfaes *6,

perfons as were returned in the said panel by the foeriff, or other

minifter or ministers, to try any such ifiue, that foaU not appear,

but make default, (hah lofe the Ufoes upon them returned, in:

fuch \yife as though the fame jury had remained for default of

jurors.

XI.	Provided alway, and be it enacted, That upon a mlhn- jurorsfliatft* able excufe for the default of appearance of any juror or jurors difchargH of* fufficiently proved before the justices of aflife or njfo prius> at the uP°n day of their appearance, by the oaths of two lawful and honeft cau e* ^itnefles, that the fame juftices. shall have authority, by their difcretions, to difchai®e every such juror of every such forfeiture ofifliiesupon him returned: {2) and that the, (heriff and (he-

riffs, or other minifter or mbufters, baying commandment by the (aid justices tg omit the returning of such iflues, a* is afore-' faid, upon foch juror or jurors, shall be therein difebarged of the penalties aforesaid, for the; not rQtumiag. of tbe said iflTues, and that yet notwitlfafajading the Cud; *efur$ to be good and effectual in the law \ any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided also, and be it enacted by- authority aforesaid, Mbes dif-

That if the said justices afore whom any such jury (hould appear, ^c^ofcom-in the county where such ifliie is to be tried by virtue of a writ	th°juf-

of nifi pritis, da not come at the (fay and place appointed, but ticU.

that the aflife or nifi prim for that time shall be dtfcontinucd, for not coming of the said juftices, or for any other occafion, other than by default and lack of jurors, that then every one of the fame jurors shall be difcharged for forfeiting of any iflTues upon him returned in the fame writ*; (2) and the (herifF, or other minifter or ministers, shall be likewife difcharged of the , penalties of this eftatute, for the not returning- of such iflTues as are before limited in this adany article or fantencc herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it also further «fa<5Ud by the authority afore- jfl-ues return-faid, That if upon any such wit of habeas corpora, or drfiringas, ed upon a jury with a nifi priusy iflues be returned upon any hundredors, juror not lawfully or jurors, by the (heriff, or other minifter or ministers to whom fu«un°ned« the execution of the fame writ or writs shall appertain, whereas

the fame hundredors and jurors shall not be lawfully fummoned, warned, or diftrained in that behalf, that then every such (he-riff, orotber minifter or ministers aforesaid, shall lofe, for every such offence fo committed, double fo much as the said iflTues returned upon such hundredors or jurors not lawfully fummoned,

warned

  LjOOQle

The right of others to ifliies forfeited, (aved.

This shall not extend to any (heriff or minifter of a town corporate.

Continued by 37 H. 8. c. 22.

Made perpetual by 2 & 3 Ed. 6.c, 32*

23 H. S. c. 4. 8 El. c. 9.

31 El. c. 8. 35 El. c. 11.

3 Car. 1. c. 4.

Anno triccfimo quinto Hen.VIII. C.7—10.	[1543.

warned or diftrained, lhall amount unto; (2) the moiety of all which forfeitures contained in this present a<5t, other than the iflues to be returned upon the jurors as is aforesaid, shall be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other half to him that will fue for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in, any of the King’s competent courts, in which no wager of law, efloin, or protection shall be allowed ne admitted : (3) faving to all manner of persons, and bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefibrs, having lawful right, title, and intereft to have such iflues to be before any such justices of aflife or nifiprius at any time or times hereafter loft and forfeited, (2) all such right, title and intereft, as they orany of them (hould or might have had to any such iflues, td be loir and forfeited, as though this adt had never been had or made.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That this adt, nor any thing therein * contained, shall not extend to any city or town corporate, or to any (heriff, minifter or ministers in the fame, for the return of any inqueft or panel to be made and returned of persons inhabiting in the said cities or towns corporate, but that they and every of them shall and may return such persons in every such inqueft or panel, as before this time they might and have beet* aocuftomed to do, and as if this adt had never been had nor made, fo that the fame (heriff, minifter or ministers, return upon such persons as shall be impanelled, like iflfues as are before mentioned in this kdt; any thing in the fame contained to the contrary notwithstanding. (2) This adt to endure to the end of the next parliament.

CAP. VII.

A repeal of a statute made 25 H. 8. c. 4. touching the foreftall-ing and regrating of fi(b.

CAP. VIII.

Every artificer of the myftery of coopers may take, for every beer barrel by him fold, x. d. and for every beer kilderkin, vi. d. Whofoever shall carry beer beyond the fea, shall find fureties to the cuftomers of that port, to bring in clapboard meet to make fo much veflel as he shall carry forth. No man in London, or within two miles compafs, shall cut or dimini(h any barrels, kilderkins or firkins, but for his own provifion No man shall tranfport beer in a greater veflel than a barrel, upon pain to forfeit vj. s. viij. d. Tor every veflel.—To endure to the end of the next parliament.

CAP. IX.

Wapping marfti in the county of Middlefex shall be divided by certain persons afllgned, or by any fix of them ; and Richard Hill of London, mercer (the aflignee of Cornelius IVanderdelf who at his own charge inned and recovered the fame,) shall have one moiety thereof to hirp and to his heirs.

CAP. X.

The bill concerning the conduits in London. The mayor and commonalty, {sfr. of London may amend decayed conduits, pud dig, aijd lay pipes, and eredt new ones, &c. making recompense

  Google

15430 Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.u.	205

compence for the fame. A remedy for the party whofe ground is broken, to recover the money taxed againft the mayor, fafr.

The forfeiture 6f him who tnolefteth the mayor or any ' of his workmen in digging. No water may be conveyed away that is brought to any perfon’s houfe. No digging in the King's ground without his licence. A pound ofpepper shall be paid for fetching water from Hamjlead Heath. A fpring at the foot of Hamjtead Heath faved.

CAP. XI.

The bill for knights and burgejfes in Wales, concerning the payment pf their fees and wages.

XT7HERE the knights of all and every Jhire of this realm $/’Eng-VV land, and Wales, and the burgejfes of all cities, towns and boroughs of the fame, be named, defied and chofen for their ajfembly in the King’s high court of parliaments os by ancient laudable laws and cufioms of this rtalm hath been ufed and accujlomed, at and by the King** majejh’s high commandments, unto the which knights and bur-ijjes their fees and wages be affigned certainly; that is toJay,to every blight by the day iv. s. and to every citizen and burge/s by the day ij. s. or more, as heretofore hath been accujlomed, (2) accounting for the fame fo many days as the said high court of parliament endureth, with addition thereunto of fo many days as every such knight and bur-lefs may reafonably journey and refort from their habitations or dwel-ling-places to the said high court of parliament, and from the said high court to return to their habitations or dwelling-places, together with their cojls of writs, and other ordinary fees and charges', (3) which wages, fees and charges at all times ought to be levied and col- « wjKmi tj,c lifted by the Jherijfs, and by the mayors, bailiffs and other head officers knights and of and in the cities, boroughs and towns aforejaid, wherein fome of the burgefles in said Jberiffs, mayors and bailiffs, and other head officers, have beenthc P^lia-negligent and laches, not endeavouring themfelves in accomplijbment their duties in collection and payment of the fame in due form, accord-xheir wages ing to juflice, to the great hurt, injury and delay of tne King’s said paid. fvbjefts; (4) be it therefore enabled by the authority of this pre- n H. 6. c. it. fent parliament. That the fheriffs for the time being of every The (heriff of the twelve (hires in Wales, and in the county of Monmouth, from the beginning of this present parliament, shall have full kn^hts power and authority, by force of this aft, to gather and levy, in every coun-or caufe to be gathered and levied, the said knights fees and ty in wales wages, of the inhabitants of the said twelve (hires, and of the an<l l" Mon* said county of Monmouth, which ought to pay the fame ; and mout ' the fame, fo gathered, shall pay or caufe to be paid to every such knight or knights, or to his or their afligns, within the term of two months after that any such knight or knights shall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, the King’s writ De folutione feodi militis parliament, to any such (heriff 5 (5) and every such (neriff making default of payment of the (aid fees or wages, in manner and iorm as is aforeiaid, to lofe and forfeit xx.Ti. whereof the one moiety to be to the King’s ufe, and the other to his or their ufo that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record*

by

  kjOOQle

20 6

The levying of the wages of the bur-

Who shall be choofersof the burgefles of parliament in Wales and Monmouth.

Rating of boroughs and inhabitants for tbe burgeiTes wages.

Anno tricefimoquinto Hen.VIII. c.ii.	[1543.

by information^ bill or plaint, or othetwife afore any of the King’s officers, wherein no efloih, protection or wager of law Audi be admitted. (6) And if it that! happCh any IheHff, in any of the said twelve (hires and county of Monmouth, to make default of payment of the laid wages or fees by a longer term than two months, then every such fhetiff to forfeit forevery month that he or they shall make default xx. li. to be forfeited and levied in manner and form as is aforesaid.

II.	And that every mayor and bailiff, and other head officers of cities, boroughs and towns in every of the said twelve (hires* and in the said county of Monmouth, within like term and fpace of two months after the receipt of the King’s majesty’s writ Die fihttitntfeoiT burgens’ parliament*, like as is before mentioned, for gathering or levying of the knights fees, shall levy* gather and pay the wages and fees to their burgefles in like manner and form as is aforesaid, and in and under like pains and forfeitures, as be before mentioned, to be levied of the goods and chattels of every such mayor, bailiff and other head officer, to whom the King’s said writ shall be directed for the levying of such fees, making default of payment of the said fees ana wages to the burgefles in manner and form as is aforesaid.

III.	Arid be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid, for-afmuch as the inhabitants of all cities ahd boroughs in every the said twelve (hires within Wales, and in the said county of Monmouth, not finding burgefles for the parliament themfelves, muft bear and pay the burgefles wages within the (hire-towns of and in every the said twelve (hires in Wales, and in the said county of Monmouth, that from the beginning of the said parliament the burgefles of all and every of the said cities, boroughs and towns, which be and shall be contributary to the payment of the burgefles wages of the said (hire-towns, shall be lawfully admonifhed, by proclamation or otherwife, by the mayors, bailiffs or other head officers of the said towns, or by ©ne of them, to come and to give their elections for the electing of the said burgefles, at such time and place lawful and rea-fonable, as shall be afligned for the fame intent by the said mayors, bailiffs and other head officers of the said (hire-towns, ©r by one of them; in which elections the burgefles shall have like voice and authority to elect, name and choofe the burgefles of every the said mire-towns, like and in such manner as the burgefles of the said (hire-towns have or ufe.

IV.	Provided always. That two justices of the peace in every of the (hires in Wales, and in the said county of Monmouth, by force of this aCt, shall have full power and authority indifferently to lot and tax every city, borough and town within the (hires in Wales, whefein they do inhabit, and in the said county of Monmouth, for the portions and fates that every the said cities and boroughs shall bear and pay towards the said burgefles, within the said fhife-towns of every of the said (hires in Wales and the county of Monmouth; (2) which rates f6 rated and taxed in grofs by the said two justices of peace, as is aforesaid,

(hall

  v^oogle

1543.] Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c. 12—15.	207

(hall be again rated and taxed on the inhabitants of every die laid cities and boroughs by four or fix difcrect and fubftantial burgeflcs of every the laid cities and boroughs in Mda, thereunto named and afiigned by the mayor, bailiffs or other head officers of the laid cities, towns and boroughs for the tune being, and thereupon the mayors, bailiffs or other head officers ot every such city, borough and town, to colled and gather the lame, and thereof to make payment, in manner and form as is aforesaid, to the burgefies of the parliament for the time being, within like time, and upon the like pains and forfeitures as is above mentioned.

C AP. XIL

The lords and commons do remit unto the King all such fums of money as he hath borrowed of them or any other, by way of preft or loan, by his privy feal lithence the first day of January, anno 33 of his reign. And if the King* have paid to any person any fum of money which he borrowed, by fale of land or othcrwife, the fame perfon, his heirs, executors or adminiftrators, shall repay the fame to the King. And if any person hath fold his privy feal to another, the Idler shall repay the money to the buyer thereof.

CAP. XIII.

The King’s manors of Granges,, collingbams, hots, fens and marjbes in the county of Norfolk, which fometimes were parcels of the poflcffions of the late abbey or priory of fValftng-bam, shall and may be granted, by copy of court roll, in fee* fimple, or for term of life or lives, by the Rewards of the said manors, their under-ftewards or deputies, for such rents, fervices, fines, heriots and cuftoms, as in the said copies shall be fpecified 5 which copies shall be good againft the King, his heirs, fucceflors and affigns.

CAP. XIV.

The bilj for the refervation of rents and fervices of lands holden 37 H. S. c. of the King under the yearly value of forty (hillings. A re- ** Car.1-c.14. hearfal of the statute of 27 H. 8. c. 28. which gave to the King the lands of all abbeys not exceeding 2001. a year: A tenure in Capite, and a yearly rent of the tenth part of the value, refcrved to the King upon every alienation thereof.

What tenures the King may referve upon thofe abbey lands which exceed not the yearly value of xl. s. Of houfes and gardens whereunto no land doth belong, no tenth shall be refcrved.

CAP. XV.

All persons which have any houfes, lands, gardens or other grounds in the town of Cambridge, adjoining upon every high-way, ftreet or lane, in his own right, or the right of his wife, or, &fr. shall caufe the fame to be paved with paving Hone unto the middle of the fame ways, and in length as

their

2

  * )OQle

208	Annotricefuno quinto HeN.VIII, c. 16,17,	[1543.

their grounds do extend; and fo shall from time to tine maintain them, upon pain to forfeit fix-pence for every yard fquare not fufficiently paved, to the King and the informer.

CAP. XVI.

*5 H.I. c. >9* The King shall have authority during his life to name two and £7.	thirty	perfons,	viz. lixteen fpiritual and fixteen temporal, to

»***'» examine all canons, conftitutions and ordinances, principal lEd'i #	and fynodal, and to eftahlifli all such laws ecclefiaftical, as

M. c.f.	(hall be thought by the King and them convenient to be ufed

in all fpiritual courts.

CAP. XVIL

The hill for the prefervation of woods.

THE King our fovereigtt lord perceiving and right well knowing the great decay of timber and woods univerfally within this his realm ^England to be fuch, that unlefs fpeedy remedy in that be-half be provided, there is great and manfeft likelihood offcarcity and lack as well of timber for buildings making, repairing and maintaining of houfes anajbips, and also for Jewel andfire-wood, for the neceffary '	relief of the whole commonalty of this his said realm: (2) wherefore

be it ordained and  enacted by his Highnefs, with the afient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prevail be ^cnt Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, twelve That in and upon all and lingular feveral woods, commonly called fUndils in on coppice woods or under-woods, which from or after the feaft acre of wood Qf St. Michael the archangel, which shall be in the year of our under twenty- korci God 1544, shall be felled at twenty-four years growing or under, there shall be left (landing and unfelled, for every acre of wood that shall be felled within the said coppice, twelve ftan-dils or ftorers of oak; (3) and if there be not to many ftandils or ftorers of oak there, that then there shall be left fo many of other kind, that is to fay, of elm, a(h, afp or beech, as shall make up the said number of twelve ftandils or ftorers, likely to prove and to be timber-trees ; (4) the fame ftandils or ftorers to be of such ftandils or ftorers, as have been left there (landing at any the felling of the fame coppice woods or under-woods, in times pad$ and in cafe there be no such ftandils or ftorers there (landing, which were there left at the lad felling of the fame coppice or under-woods, then the fame ftandils or ftorers there to be left, (ball be left at this now next felling of the said coppice woods or under-woods, of such mod likelieft oaks, and if there be not fufficient of oaks, then of the mod likelieft elms, a(h, afp or beech, to prove and to be timber-trees, as shall grow within any such feveral woods, coppice or under-woods, (5) and that the fame ftandils or ftorers fo left, shall be preferved, and not felled or cut down, till they and every of them shall be of ten inches fquare within three mot of the ground, (6) upon pain that every owner of every such ftandils and ftorers having an eftate of inheritance, or an eftate for term of life of freehold, or by copy of court roil, or for years, in the ground or foil

where

  Google

I543*l Anno triccfimo quiiito Hen.VIII. c.17.	209

where the fame ftandils or ftorers shall grow, caufihg or cofn-manding any such coppice woods or under-woods to be felled or cut down, and not leaving the said ftandils or ftorers thereftand-ing in form aforesaid, to lofe and forfeit for every ftandil and ftorer fo not left (landing in the said coppice woods or underwoods, iii. s. iv. d. (7) and upon pain that every owner, as is aforesaid, of any such coppice woods or under-woods, cauiing or commanding any of the said ftandils or ftorers, fo left as is abovefaid, to be cut down, contrary to the form of this adt, to forfeit and lofe for every of the said ftandils or ftorers which shall be fo cut down, iij. s. iv. d. (8) the one half of which said forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other half to be to the party that will fue for the fame in any court of record by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in the which adtion, bill, plaint and information, no protection, wager of law nor effoin shall be admitted or allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Woods pre* all and Angular coppice and under-woods, which after the faid	or

feaft of Saint Michael the archangel shall happen to be felled of ^^yeara^ cut down at the age of fourteen years growth or under, and growth, not being above the said age, from and after the twentieth day Co. pi. f. 366, of April next after the felling thereof, during the term of four years then next enfuing, shall be fufficiently enclofed, or the fprings thereof otherwife, faved and preferved from deftrudtion by any manner of cattle or beads, by him or them which then shall have lawful intereft and pofleflion in the said woods, coppice or under-woods, as is aforesaid, (2) upon pain of every person or persons fo bounden to enclofe, fence, fave or prefervtf the said coppice or under-woods, to forfeit and lofe for every rood thereof fo not enclofed, fenced, faved or preferved during the said four years, iij. s. iv. d. for every month that the fame coppice or under-woods shall happen to Jie or be unclofed, not fenced, faved or preferved, as is aforesaid: (3) and that all and Woods above (ingular coppice or under-woods, which after the said feaft of *otlrt®en ycar# Saint Michael the archangel shall happen to be felled or cut grow ' down, being above the age of fourteen years growth, and not above the age of four and twenty years growth, from the twentieth day of April next after the felling or cutting down! thereof, during the term of fix ydars then next enfuing the fame twentieth day of April, shall be fufficiently enclofed, or the Farther pftf-fprings thereof otherwife faved and preferved from the deftruc- viiions relation thereof by any manner of cattle or beafts, by and at the ing hereto, cofts of such which then shall have lawful intereft and pofleflion ^ c* ** in the said woods or coppice, as is beforefaid, (4) upon pain of ' 1 every person or persons fo bounden to enclofe, fence, fave of cro. El. 1x7• preferve the said coppice or under-woods as is aforesaid, fo for*-feit and lofe for every rood fo not enclofed, fenced, faved or preferved during the said fix ygars, iij. s. iv. d. for every month that the fame coppice or uncier-woods shall happen to lie or be unclofed, and not fenced, faved or preferved as aforesaid.

Vox.. V#,	*	P	III.	And

  Google

to tillage or pafture.

2 io	Anno triccfimo quinto Hen,VIII. C. 17;	[1543.

No woods shall IJI. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, be converted That no person or persons, after the said feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, shall convert or turn into pafture or tillage any such coppice or under-wpods, containing in quantity two acres or above, which now be wood or underwood, and put or referved to the ufe or encreafe of wood or under-wood, and being two furlong diftant from the houfe of the owner thereof, or from the houfe whereunto .the said wood doth lie, appertain or belong, (a) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every acre of wood fo to be convened or turned from wood into pafture or tillage, xl. s.

IV.	Provided al way, That this a& jhall not extend to any coppice woods or under-woods, deftroyed or turned into tillage or pafture within twenty years last paft, although the more part of any part thereof be now over-grown with bullies or under-wood.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, which have or hereafter shall have any feveral woods or coppice growing and fet with great trees being above the age of twenty-four years growth, (hall, at the felling or weeding thereof, leave (landing within the precind of the laid wood and copjpice, for every acre fo felled, twelve trees of oak of the fame such great trees, if there be fo many trees of oak there to be left, and for lack of oaks, then to leave for every acre fo felled as many other trees of elm, a(h, beech or afp, as shall make the foil number of twelve of such as shall be then there growing ; (2) the fame trees thpre fo left, to (land, continue and to be preferved by such owrter or owners, as is abovefaid, during the fpace of twenty years next after such felling of the fame woods;

The trees left (3) an(* ffodl from, the twentieth day of April next after the unfelled shall felling thereof, during the term of feven years then next follow-be preferved ing, fufficiently enclofe them, or the fprings thereof otherwifc tor*eve°fUrC **ve an<* P**®5™6 fr°m *hc deftrudtion thereof by any manner yearv^11 of cattle or beads, (4) upon pain that every such person or per-Godbolt. 167. fons, or bodies politick or corporate, being owners of the (aid

Woods above twenty-four years growth, how to be felled.

,j. »jj.

In what cafes the owners may fell their flandils.

great woods as is aforesaid, to forfeit and lofe for every such great tree of the said number lacking, and not left fo (landing in the said wood, as is abovefaid, vj. s. viij. d. (5) and upon pain that every owner of the ground or foil whereupon such great trees, as is aforesaid, shall be left (landing or growing, caufing or commanding any of the said great trees, there fo left (landing as is aforesaid, to be cut down contrary to the form of this a6t, to forfeit and lofe for every of the fame great trees fo left, which shall be fo cut down as is aforesaid, vj. s. viij. d. (6) and upon pain also to lofe and forfeit, for every rood of such great wood lb not enclofed, fenced, faved or preferved during the said fpace t>f feven years, for every month iij. s. iv. d.

VI. Provided alway, that it shall be lawful to every owner or owners of any of the laid coppice woods, under-woods, ftandils or (lorers, great woods and trees afore rehearfed, to fell, cut down and take any of the fame for building, repairing, enclof-ing*and maintaining of houfes, orchards and gardens, and every

of

  v^ooQle

*543*J Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIIL C.17.	211

of them, and for pailing, railing or enclofmg of parks, forefts, chafes or orher grounds, and for making or repairing of waterworks, dampnes, bridges, floodgates, making, repairing or amending of /hips, and all other veffels, and for all other things concerning their own ufes or affairs, in such like manner and form as he or they should or might lawfully have done before the making of this alt; any thing in this present ad before mentioned to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII: And further be it enadedbjrthe authority aforesaid,

TTiat it shall not be lawful to any person or persons, which af- £ ot^, ter the said feaft of bt. Michael shall have any woods or under- common, woods, wherein any other person or persons juftly hath or have	,

ufed, time out of man's remembrance, to have common of pafture, to fell or cut down the said woods and under-woods there growing or being, or that shall grow or be in any such woods or under-woods (except it be to his own ufe and occupation) until such time as the fourth part of such woods, under-woods or grounds where the said woods now grow, or as much as the fourth part of the said ground or foil whereupon such wood is or shall be growing shall amount unto, shall be by the lord or owner for that time being, of the said ground or fail, divided, fet out, meted, bounden, fenced and enclofed in manner and form as by this a & hereafter shall be declared, ordained and provided; that is to fay, that the said lord that then 8 Co. 137. shall be owner of the said ground or foil, shall call together the tenants and inhabitants being commoners in the said ground or foil, or the more part of them, and upon the affembly and meeting of the said lord, tenants and inhabitants, or the more part of them, the said lord or owner, by the affent, confent and	,

agreement of the said tenants and inhabitants, or of the more part of them, shall fever, divide, fet out, mete and bound the fourth part of the said woods and under-woods, or fo much thereof as shall amount to the full fourth part thereof. (2)

And if the said lord, and the said tenants and inhabitants, or Where the the more part of them, cannot, will not, or do not affent, con-	**

fent and agree, for and upon the fevering, dividing, fetting out, meting and bounding of the said fourth part of the said woods peace, and under-woods, or of as much thereof as shall amount to the full fourth part thereof, that then two justices of the peace, not being of the kin, alliance, councel or fee of or to the said lord or owner, being thereunto appointed by the more number of the justices of the peace of the (hire, where the said ground or foil lieth, in their open quarter-feflions, upon requeft and fuit made unto them by the lord or owner, or by his or their lawful deputy or deputies, of the said woods, under-woods, grounds or foil, shall have full power and authority to caH before them, upon such pains and penalties as the said justices shall limit and appoint, such twelve of the said commoners and inhabitants, nigh unto the fame woods or under-woods, as by the diferetion of the (aid two justices shall be thought meet and convenient;

(3) and upon or after the appearance of the fame lords, owners,

P 2	commoners

  Google

Within what time the wood divided by the justices shall be inclofed.

Storerslcft ftanding in common woods inclofed and felled.

How long common woods inclofed shall be kept feveftl. Altered by 13 El. c. 25. f. 18.

Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.17.	[1543.

commfoners and inhabitants, or the more part of them, the fame justices shall open and declare unto the fame lord, owner, commoners and inhabitants, the caufe of their affembly and appearance, and that done, shall by the advice and aflent of the laid lords, owners, commoners and inhabitants, or their lawful deputy or deputies, or of the more part of them, effectually proceed to the fevering, dividing, meting and bounding of the said fourth part of the laid woods and under-woods, or of fo much thereof as shall amount to the fourth part thereof. (4) and if the fame juftices, owners, commoners and inhabitants, or the more part of them, cannot or will not agree upon the divifion, bounding or fetting out of the said fourth part thereof, as is aforesaid; that then the said justices lhall have foil power and authority by this a<ft, to fever, divide and fet out by mete and bound, the fourth part of the said woods and under-woods, or fo much thereof under the fame fourth part of the said woods and under-woods, as (hall, by the difcretions and wifdoms of the said juftices, be thought neceffary and requifite to limit and fet out: (5) and within three months next after such feverance and fetting forth thereof the owner or owners of the fame woods or under-woods, in form afore declared, lhall fufficiently enclofe the fame part of the said ground or foil fo fet forth as is aforesaid ; (6) and after such enclofure made, the said owner of the said woods or under-woods may, at his liberty andpleafure, fell, cut down and take the said woods and under-woods, being or that lhall be in or upon the said coppice woods, under-woods, ground or foil fo fet forth, or any part thereof.

VIII.	Provided alway, and be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That there lhall be left ftanding and unfelled in and upon the said part of every the fame woods or under-woods, ground or foil fo fevered, bounden and fet out diftin&ly in manner and form as is aforesaid, at every felling thereof, such and like number of ftandils or ftorers of young oaks, or other young trees of elm, alh, afp, or beech, if it be coppice or under-woods, which shall te fo felled or cut down; and if the woods that lhall be felled lhall be great trees or great woods, then such number lhall be left ftanding of great trees in or upon the said part to all intents, conftrudhons and purposes, and upon like and the fame penalties as is before limited and appointed for not leaving, referving and preferving of ftandils and ftorers above appointed to be left ftanding in feveral woods and grounds: (2) and that the said part or parcel fo fevered, bounded and fet out in manner and form aforesaid, after every felling or cutting down of the coppice woods or under-woods, for the time being, in or upon the fame, by the authority of this aCI lhall be fufficiently enclofed and fenced, and the enclofure thereof fufficiently ana continually kept, made, repaired, preferved and maintained by the fpace of feven years next after every felling thereof, in like manner and form to all intents and purposes, and upon the fame and like pains and penalties, as is before limited, rehearfed and appointed for the not clofing or

fencing.

  LjOOQle

*543-] Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. C.17.	.	Zi	3

fencing, and for the not keeping, maintaining, repairing and preferving of the said feveral coppice, under-woods and woods.

(3) And also that the ftandils, ftorersand great trees, limited and Preferving of appointed to be, left (landing in or upon the (aid part, shall be fut^nS down there left (landing, preferved and not cut down, in such like man- cu ng ow mar and form, and by all such time, and upon such like penalties, to all intents and purposes, as is afore limited, appointed and declared for the prefervation and not felling of the said ftandils, ftorers and great trees, limited and appointed to be left in and upon the said feveral coppice, under-woods and woods.

(4.) And that after the said felling of the said coppice, under- How long woods and woods, (landing, growing or being, or that shall (land, grow or be in any such part of any the said woods, the common grounds or places, as is before declared, no beads or cattle, dur- shall be pre-mg the fpace of (even years next after the felling of the fame ferved from woods, shall willingly by any person or persons be put in, or cattle.

£hall be fuffered to feed, or to continue in any parcel of any such part fo fet forth as is aforesaid, during the said term of feven years next after the felling thereof, (5) upon pain of forfeiture and penalty of iv. d. for the putting in of every bead, or wilful differing ot every bead or cattle to be put into any of the said feveral coppice, under-woods or woods.

IX.	And if it shall happen any person or persons, being The forfeiture

owner or owners of any such woods, under-woods or coppice, for cutting ot fet, lying and being in any wade ground, as is aforesaid, to cut	wailc

down any trees or under-woods, contrary to the form aforesaid * s

that (hen every person or persons, owner or owners, fo offending contrary to this adl, shall lofe and forfeit for every tree fo cut down, vi. s. viij. d. (2) the one half of all the said forfeitures to be to our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety to such person that will fue for the fame by bill, plaint, aClion of debt or information in any of the King’s courts of record ; in which fuit no protection, wager of law or effoin shall be allowed nor admitted.

X.	Provided alway, and be it enaCled by the authority aforesaid, That forafmuch as the said tenants, commoners and inhabitants shall be by authority of this aCt excluded of their common in the said part fo to be fevered and fet forth, as is aforesaid, by all the said fpace and term of feven years next after the felling or cutting down of the said coppice woods and underwoods that shall grow.in or upon the fame part from time to time, that in recompence thereof the fame commoners, tenants *nd inhabitants shall and may ufe, take and have their common for their cattle within the relidue of the said woods, underwoods, ground and foil not being enclofed, in manner and form

as if this ad had never been had ne made. (2) And that the The lord of lord being owner of the said ground or foil (lull be by the au- the wood ex-thority of this ad excluded and foreclofed to put or have any eluded ot his cattle or beads in or upon the fame refidue, or to take any pro- p^JSJe^the fit of the paflure in or upon the said refidue, during and by all refidue. the laid term and time of feven years next after the foiling or

P 3	*	cutting

  Google

Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. C. i7.	[ 1543.

cutting down of the said coppice woods or under-woods, being or growing or that shall be or grow in or upon the said part, which shall be fo fevered, divided, fet out, bounded, and en-clofed as is aforesaid : (3) and that from and after the said (even years expired and ended, until the next felling or Cutting down of the said coppice woods or under-woods being upon the said part, being fo fevered and divided as is aforesaid, as well the fame part as the said refidue of the said ground and foil Ihall lie and be ufed in common, and the pafture and other profits thereof shall and may be ufed and taken as well by the lord, being owner of the said ground or foil, as by the said tenants, commoners and inhabitants, in ljke manner, form and condition, as it (hould or ought to have been before the making of this aft, and as if this aft had never been had or made; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Woodsufedto XI. Provided alfo. That it shall be lawful to every person and Deencloted. persons to fell and to enclofe all their coppice woods and underwoods in any wafte ground, which before the making of this aft have been ufed to be eftclofed, preferved and kept for the maintenance of wood and under-wood ; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And whereas peradventure the lords or owners of the fore said woods and under-woods ^ after that they have enclofed and fenced the fourth part thereof or as much of the fame as Jhall he to them limited end affigned by the said jujtices of peace or commoners, will not or da not jell the fame woods and under-woods fo enclofed or to be enclofed, but fuffer the fame to Jland and grow, whereby the commoners, wha ought to have their common or pafture within the fame part fo enclofed9 The commo- Jhall lofe and be put from their said commons therein: (2) t>e it there-ncr* shall eji- fore enafted by the authority aforesaid, That if the fame pat of joy their com- WOod and under-wood fo enclofed be not felled within four th^woo^w38 months next after theenclofing thereof; that then and fo long as unfelied. the fame woods shall not be foiled, it shall be lawful to the said commoners to put their cattle unto the fame woods and ground fo enclofed, and that the owner thereof shall leave open convenient places within the fame enclofure, whereby the commoners beads may have accefs and come into the fame wood fo enclofed, and there to pafture and feed as long as the fame wood shall ftand and be unfelled; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Woods ip-ow- XIII. Provided alway, and be it enafted by authority afore*' inB in g? faid, That this aft, ne any thing therein contained or exprefled, Surrey and’ extenc* °r be prejudicial to any of the lords or owners of the Sufl'ex. woods, under-woods, or wood-lands, growing or being within any of the towns, parifhes or places, commonly called or known to-be within the wilds of the counties of Kent, Surrey and Suffix, or of any of them, other than only to the common woods growing and being within any of the said wilds of the said counties of Kent, Surrey and Sujfex; any thing in this present aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bargain* for XIV. Provided always, That this present aft, or any thing

therein

  Google

* 543.] Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. C.17.

2*5

therein contained, shall not extend, or be prejudicial or hurtful, wood made . or extend to charge any person or persons, which before the bcforc thc fta“ feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the four and thirtieth yeartutc* of the reign of our fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, hath bargained and bought woods or great trees growing in any the fame woods, for or concerning the felling and cutting down of the lame woods or trees, or not leaving of any ftandils or ftordr* of and in the fame, according to the tenor of this present aftj any thing, penalty, or forfeiture in this present aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV.	Provided alway, and be it further enafted by the au- To what tim-thority aforesaid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, ber-treet this lhall not extend to charge any person or persons with any pe- ftat!£ehex“ Iialty or penalties contained in this present aft, for or concern-tcndtfth not* ing any timber-trees growing within two miles of the fea, in

the county of Cornwofly or any other timber-trees within the realm, being fear and dead in die tops, or any timber-trees to be taken by virtue of the King’s highness commiflion within the realm, or for or concerning any offence done contrary to the tenor of this aft; untefs the fame person or persons offending Within what this aft be fued for the fame within one year next after the fame time the offen-offence committed or dorie 5 any thing in this aft contained tp der muft be the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.	Iu*d#

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the said The penalty authority. That if any person or persons do break or deftroy any for breaking feveral fences or hedges, made or to be made for the faying of wood the fame woods, under-woods, grounds or foils, that every per- hc<Jgcl# fon fo offending shall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, ten -

XVII,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, 3 wine shall That if any person or persons fuffer his fwine, being of the not coin a age of ten weeks or above, during such years as the said woods wood unring-be appointed and ordained by this aft to be enclofed, at any time cd*

after, the first day of Augujl next coming, to go or run m any common or feveral ground or woods, unlefs the fame fwine be fufficiently ringed or pegged, that then the owner or owners of every fuen fwine shall forfeit and lofe, for every such his fwine that shall fo go or run iri any the said grounds, woods or unr der-woods, and not being fufficiently ringed or pegged as is a-fbrefaid, from and after the said first day of Augujl next coming, four pence; (2) the one half of all and every the said forfeitures, if it be in any of the King’s woods or grounas, to be to his High-pefs, and the other to be to the finder thereof: and if jt be within any other person or persons said grounds, woods or underwood^, then tne one half of all and every the fame forfeitures to be to the owners of the foil, and the other part thereof to be to him that will fue for the fame by bill, plaint, aftion, information, or otherwise, in any court of record, wherein no wager of law, efloin, or protection shall be allowed por admitted.

XVIII.	Provided alway, That where any woods or under- Th* frncijtg floods (hall, after the faip feaft of gaint Mtfhqel the archangel, of a wood in a

*	nn .If (uk.M

 

u. park where ** deer be.

Google



Wbereaftran-ger is caufe of an offence, he only shall be puip (fywjL

Within two years, colts and calves may be put into fenced woods. Altered by ?? El. c. 25. f.,i. ■

I Co, 138. Made perpetual by 11 El.

***•

Anno tricefimo quinto Hen.VIII. c.18.	[1543.

be felled or cut down in any park or ground enclofed, wherein any .deer shall be then kept, that the owner or owners, pofleffioner or poffeflioners of such park and parks, or grounds enclofed for deer, %o be chargeable for the enclofure and prefervation of the fame, ?s is aforelaid, but only for the fpace of four years after any fitch time of felling or cutting down of the fame coppice woods or under-woods, and not above $ any thing contained in this a6t to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if the enclofure or enclofures of any of the (aid coppice woods, under-woods or grounds, happen to be broken or pulled down by any person or persons againft the wills and minds of the pwner or owners, pofleffioner or poffeffioners of the fame woods or under-woods, whereby cattle or beads efcape into the fame woods, grounds or underwoods, and deftroy and hurt the fpririgs thereof, or if the fame woods, grounds or under-woods be by any means deftroyed, hurted, or hindred by any manner pf person or persons, or by the cattle or beads or any person or persons, without the affents, minds and wills of such owner or pwners, poffeflbr or poffeffors; that then and in every such cafe the said penalties contained in this aft, to be extended upon the fame person or persons in or by whofe default the fame fpring, wood or under-wood shall be (o deftroyed, hurtdd or hindred, and not upon the owner or owners, poffeflbr or pofleffors of the said woods, grounds or under-woods ; any thing contained in this ato the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XX.	Provided also, and be it furthermore enafted by the authority aforefjpd, That it shall and may be lawful to every owner and owners, pofleffor and poffeflors, their farmors and affigns, of all and Angular the said woods, under-woods, grounds and coppice, after fpeft time as the fame woods, under-woods, grounds and coppice have been fenced and enclofed, or the (pring thereof otherwife preServed by the fpace of two years next after the felling thereof, to put colts and calves, being jinder the age of one year, into the said woods, under-woods, grounds and coppice; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary thereof in any wife not>vithftandipg.

XXI.	And this present aft and afts to endure only by the fpace of (even years next after the said feaft of Saint Micnm the archt angel, and from thence until the end of the next parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

The King’s general pardon of all treafons, felonies, robberies, offences, contempts, trefpaffes, wrongs, &c. Saving such which be excepted, 6fr. confirpied by parliament.

(Statutes

  v^ooQle

/

^545-] Aqno triccfimo feptimo Hen.VIII. c.i.	217

Statutes made at Wefiminjler, Anno 37 Hen. VIII.

and Anno D 1545.

ST/ TUTES made in the parliament bolden at Weftmin-fter the twenty-tbird day of November	tbe _/and

thirtieth year of the mojt renowned Henry the	, by tbe

grace of God, King of England, France and Ireland, defender of tbe	faith, and of the	church of England, and also of

Ireland, in earth fupreme bead.

f

CAP. I.

A bill for cuftos rotulorum and the clerkjhip of the peace.

WHERE before this time the lord chancellor of England for 3&4E- 6.c.i.

the time being hath, by reafon of his office of the chancellor(hip, the nomination and appointment of the cuftos rotulorum within all1' c* a1' and every Jhire of this realm England and Wales, and other the ,Kings dominions, marches and territories of the fame, (2) and that in like manner all and every person which hath had and enjoyed the said who shall ap-affice of the cuftos rotulurum, hath had, until now of late, the no- point the mination and appointment of the clerk of the peace within such jhires cuftos r?tuJ°: where be or they had and enjoyli the jaidojpce of the cuftos rotulo- ^be^ace^ rum: (3) and where now of late divers and sundry per fens within in everycoun-this realm, being not learned, nor yet meet ne able for lack of know- ty. ledge and learning to occupy and exercife the said offices of toe cuftos Inconvenieti-rotulorum, and of the clerkjhip of the peace, have of late years by la- by the ismf-bouryfriendJbip and means, attained and gotten for term of their lives, ranCe ofthe* of the King*s majejly, feveral grants by his Highnefs letters patents to clerk of the them made of the said clerkjbips of the peace ; by reafon whereof and peace. for that the parties to whom the said feveral grants have been Jo made /> ^ c and granted, have not been Jufficiently learned to exercife and occupy	*1^-

the fame office and offices, many and sundry indictments, as well felony, murder and other offences and mifdemeanors, /2nd the procefs Jk 1 awarded upon the fame indictments, have not only been by reafon there-

J

of made clearly frujlrate and void, fometime by reafon of the negligent ingroffmg and keeping of the said indictments, and fometime by reafon of the imbezilling or rafure of the fame indictments, (4) but also divers and sundry bargains and fales of divers and sundry manors, lands and tenements had and made between party and party, have been made frujlrate and void for lack offufficient inr oilmen t of the fame bargains and fales, to be had and made by the clerks of the peace, to the great hindrance of jujlice, and to the difmkeritance of divers of the King*s mojl loving fubjeCts:

II. For reformation whereof, and to the intent that jufticp The cuftos ro-may be the better hereafter preferred, and that the fame offices tulorum shall may hereafter be occupied and exercifcd by such persons learned appointed in the laws pf this realm, as shall be able to exerpirfe and fupply the feme: (2) be it  enacted by the King our fovereign lord, ed ™th the with the affent of the Iprds fpjritual and temporal, and of the King'i own

pommons.

Z\

  v^ooQle

2l8

ham).

Altered by 3 &4 Ed. 6. c.i, i V

4 Mod. 167.

1 Show. 430,

Thecnftoi ro-tulorum shall , bint the erk of the peace.

Carth. 426.

Anno tricefimo fepdmo Hen.VTIL c.i.	[i545.

commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That no person or persons shall from henceforth be nominated and appointed to the said office and offices of the cujlos rotulorum within any (hire of this realm of England, Wales* and ,other the King’s dominions, marches or territories of the fame, but such as shall have a bill (igned with the King’s hand for the fame; (3) which bill (igned shall be a fufficient warrant by the authority abovefaid, to the said lord chancellor of England* and the lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, to make from time to time commiffion or commiffions, affigning and authorizing thereby the fame person to be cujlos rotulorum, until the King hath, by another bill affigned with his own hand, appointed and ordained one other person to have, occupy and exercife the fame office of the cujlos rotulorum* (4) and that the said person appointed and affigned to be cujlos rotulorum as is abovefaid, shall and may occupy, exercife and enjoy the lame office of the cujlos rotulorum* by himfelf, or by his fufficient deputy, learned in the laws of this realm, and meet and able to fupply the said office according to the tenor of the said grant or commiffion.

III.	And be it further  enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That every cujlos rotulorum for the time being (hall, at all times hereafter m every (hire of this realm, Wales, and other the King’s dominions, marches and territories of the fame, nominate, eletfb, appoint and affign all and every person and persons which hereafter shall be clerks of the peace within any of the said (hires of this realm of England* Wales* and other the King’s dominions, marches and territories of the fame, (2) and to give and grant the said office and offices of the clerklhip of tho peace to such able person inftrufted in the laws of this realm, as shall be able to exercife and occupy the fame, to hold and enjoy the fame during the time that the said cujlos rotulorum shall occu~ py and exercife the fbrefaid office of cujlos rotulorum* fo that the The clerk of said clerk demean him in the said office jufty and honeftly: (g) the peace may ancj that shall be lawful to every such grantees of the faia clerk? tyby the	t0 occuPy and enjoy the fame office of the clerklhip of the

afleift of the peace, by himfelf, or by his fufficient deputy inftrufted in the cuftos rotulo- Jaws of tnis realm, fo that the fame deputy be admitted, taken nun.	and reputed by the said cujlos rotulorum* to be fufficient and able

to exercife, occupy, keep and enjoy the fame office of the clerkship of the peace.

iV. Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority abovefaid, That all such as now have any of the said offices of cujlos rotulorum, or clerklhip of the peace, by the King’s letters patents or commiffion to them made* shall and may enjoy, have and exercife their said offices by virtue of the fame letters patents or commiffion, by themfelves, or by their fufficient dnd able deputy inftrudted in the laws of this realpi; any thing in this prelent z6t had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Perfons bav* V. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority abovefaid, ing authority That the archbilhop of forf* the bilhop of Durham* the bifhop ronU^um orS	and °* their facpeffors, and all and every (ucb per-

fon and performs, corporations and bodies corporated, to whom

the

  Google

1545.] Anno triceGmo feptimo*HEN.VIII. c.2,3,4.	219

the King’s majesty, or any of his noble progenitors by his or clerk of the their letters patents have given and granted any liberty and au- Pcacc* thority, or otherwife have authority by other lawful means or ways, to ordain, make and conftitute any of the said offices of ae/tos rotulorum, or clerk of the peace, within any county palatine, or other place, shall and may have and eqjoy the fame liberty and authority, according as tney have had and enjoyed the fame; any thing in this present ad had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

Hounjlow-heath in the county of Middlefe*r, which doth contain four thousand two hundred fourfeore and thirteen acres and one rood of ground, extendeth into feveral parifties: fo much thereof as is the King’s inheritance, and is meet for tillage, pafture, meadow or other feveral ground, shall be of the nature and condition of copyhold land: or the fame may be letten by the fteward of the manor at will, or for twenty-one years, which leflee shall or may improve it.

CAP. III.

Uuntingdon-lane near the city of Cbejler, being in length two miles and half, shall be from time to time repaired by one that shall dwell in the said lane, and shall have pafture for five kine or beafts in the highway from Bothill to Butterbacb-bridge3 Sir William Stanlty and Sir Hugh Calverley, and their heirs male,< being of full age, and in default of them, the mayor and aldermen of Ghejler, shall appoint the fame party, and remove him if he be negligent in repairing any part of the said way.

CAP. IV.

A hill for colleges, chantries, &c.

IN their mojl humble wife Jbewn unto your royal Majejly your laving fubjefts, the lords Jpiritualand temporal, and the commons, of this present parliament affembled, That where there have been divers col-leges, free chapels, chantries, bofpitals, fraternities, brotherhoods, That all cha-guilds and Jlipendary priejls, having perpetuity for ever within this pels, See. flia.ll your realm of England, Wales, and the marches of the fame,	in,th.e.f

which, fame of them by the licence of your gracious Highnefs, or of s 1 po' your noble progenitors, and fome of them by feoffments and wills there- 3 BuJftr. 15*. upon declared, and fome of them by other devifis, conveyance and aJJu- Hob. 113. ranee, have been incorporated, ejlablijbed, founded, ere bled, had or made by divers names, fumadies, degrees ana corporations, to have had a perpetual continuance for ever; (2) fitbence which time divers and many of the donors, founders or patrons, or such as pretend to be donors, founders or patrons of the fame colleges, free chapels, chantries, bofpitals, fraternities, brotherhoods, guilds, and Jlipendary priejls, and divers other, of their avaricious and covetous minds, arid of their own authority, without your gracious licence, have of late entered in- * to the manfton houfes, manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, to the fame colleges, free chapels, chantries, bofpitals, fraternitiesy brotherhoods, guilds and Jlipendary priejls belonging and appertaining.

  LjOOQle

220

Anno tricefimo feptlmo Hen.VIII. c.4.	[1545.

tdining 1 and have expulftd the priejis, wardens, majlers, miniften, rulers, governors and incumbents of the fame, out and from thepoueffm thereof, and they, their heirs and ajfigns, do occupy and enjoy the said mantion houfes, manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, receive, take and imploy,	convert the rents,	ij/iies, reve-

nues and profits of the feme to their own proper ufes: (3) fome " of the said priejis, wardens, majlers, miniflers, rulers, governors . <7/7^ incumbents of the premijfes, £y tftwr between them and the patrons, donors or founders of the fame, <?r such as pretend to be patrons, donors or founders of the fame, or other, have also of their own authority without your Grace's licence, bargained and fold all or part The feveral ^ their manors, lands and tenements annexed, united, pertaining or means where- belonging to their said colleges, free chapels, chantries, hofpitals,

* colleges, *	fad Promtlom; (4) fome of the said priejis, wardens,

chantries, &c. majlers, minijlers, rulers, governors and incumbents, by the affent have been a- and confent of their patrons, donors, founders, or such other as nave bufed by the fag interejl in the fame: and fome of the said priejis, rulers, govern-ther^^and ors an^ incumbents: of their own authority, without the affent of their others/ patrons, donors or founders, or of such other as other have had interejl in fhe fame, have now of late made leafes for term of life or lives, or for term of years, of their said free chapels, chantries, hofpitals, fraternities, brotherhoods, guilds, or other the said promotions, or of the manors, lands, tenements and other the premijfes, or of part thereof, and have not referved the cuflomable rent and farm that the fame hath been ufed to be lettenfor; (5) and fome of them by covin have fuffer-ed recoveries, levied fines, and made feoffments and other conveyances of all or part of their said pojj'ejfions, by reafon whereof divers of the said free chapels, chantries, hofpitals and other promotions abovefaid, been clearly dijfolved, extinfl or determined, contrary to the wills, minds,, intents andpurpofes of the founders, donors or patrons of the fame, and to the great contempt of your Majejly, and of Several caufes your authority royal. (6) And we your Grace's mojl loving humble of the King’s and obedient fubjefls right well knowing and perceiving the exceeding great expen- grcat anj inejlimable charges, cofis and expences which your Majejly c?s an c larg-	^ ^fujlained,	and daily doth fujlain, as well for the main-

Ail colleges, tenance of thefe present wars againjl the realms of France and Scot-chantries, hoi- land, and for the prefervation and defence of us your said fubjefls, p,ade ^'have	invaflons an“malice of your enemies the F renchmen^Scots,

continuance6 (w^° daily doJludy, devife and attempt to grieve, annoy, and hurt your for ever, 2nd said loving jubjefts) as also for the maintenance of your mojl royal all their mar eft ate, honour, dignity and ejlimat ion, which aU your faidlovingfub-no™» lai\4s» je£js naturai duty been bound to conferve and increafe by aU such ments6given” m9s and means as they can devife, do therefore with our whole voice, to the King, petition and intercejfion mojl humble befeech your Majejly, that it may Plowd. 177. be enafled, ordained and eJlabUJbea by your Highnefs, with the ajfent Rents or an- 0j* {foe jord5 fpjritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present ed by Oth^rln parliament ajfembled, and by the authority of the fame, in manner confederation and form following, that is to fay: &c. Vide, 1 Ed. 6. c. 14. of any bargain of the said lands. He that hath fold and taken money for any chantry, college, &c. Lands, shall repay the fame money again. Aflurances of college tends/ &c. to dje King (ball b? good, AU tettrr* patents granted by the

King*

 

Google

1545*3	Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. c.5.	221

King, and all afiurances made by hit confent of any colleges and chantries, Sec. (ball be good. The rents and lands of hofpitals, chantries. See. not being employed to fo good ufes as they were given for$ the King may grant a com million to certain persons to enter into any hofpitals, chantries, See. and their lands* &c. and to feife them to his ufe. The commilhoners may feife to the King’s ufe any hofpitals, chantries, Sec. and the lands named in their commilhons. After the comrai (Turners entry into any lands fpecified in their commiflion, the fame shall be vefted in a&ual pofleflion of the King. The comraifiioners shall return their commiilion into the chancery. All chantries, colleges, fraternities, 8cc. and their lands, shall be in the order and furvey of the court of augmentations. All fuits for the lands of chantries, &c. shall be heard ancf determined in the court of augmentations. Saits between one of the King’s fubje&s and another, touching the said lands, shall be determined by the common law. All afiurances made by th* governors of the (hid chantries, Sec• any of their lands without the King’s aflent, shall be void. The right of others faved, except, Sec. Leafes of lands referved for the maintenance of hofpitality made within one year before, Sec. Leafes of land in leafe for life or years made within one year. Leafes whereupon the old rent is not referved, made within one year before, &c. Wood-fales of woods yet growing. Lands or leafes whereof the governors were feifed or poflefled to their own private ufes. Pendons given by the King for term of life. They from whom the King shall take any lands, shall be abated of their tenths and firft-fruits. A provifion for such as had annuities or rents out of the lands of the chantries, Sec. He that hath paid for any wood shall have his money again or the fame wood. A remedy for any governor that hath compounded for hisfir ft-fruits. Money due out of the premises in the exchequer shall be payable as before.

C A P. V.

The bill for them that be in value in goods of four hundred marks in London, to pafs upon attaints.

HUMBLY befeeehing your mojl excellent Majefiy your obtdi-	Pcrr°n*

ent fubieftSy the mayor and commonalty of your city df Lon-	an*tt-

don, That whereat amongft divert andfundry liberties andfranchifet, tajnt jn Lon-* granted by your moft noble progenitort to the city of London, for don, and divers reafonable rejpefts and confederations in their charters expreffed where the fame and mentioned, one liberty is, That all inquifitions to be taken by the ^ ** tricd* juflices and minijlers of your Htghnefsy of the citizens of London,

Jballbe taken at Saint Martin’s the grandy or at the Guildhall of the said city of London, and not elfnvherey except inquifitions before the justices in Eyre at the tower of London, and for the delivery of the gaol of Newgate, as in the charters of your Jaid noble progeni-tersy to the said citizens of London grantedy and by your Majejly conftrmedy plainly appearetb \ (2) which liberties the fame citizens Where the have continuallyfince the Jaid grants thereof to them madfy cxercifed, ^e^in” ufed and enjoyed accordingly y as by divers matters of record in your\I^fitionViu high courts at Weftminfter evidently appeareth;	London.

II. And where also an aft of parliament concerning perjury and pu~	h. 8. c. 3.

ni/bment of untrue verdifts was made and eftablijbed in the twenty-third year of your mojl gracious reigny amongf other then and there made and ordainedy that upon every untrue verdift made after the said atly between party and party, in any fuity plaint or demand mad/y and verdift thereupon giveny extending to the value of xl. I. and not concerning the jeopardy of man's life, the party grieved by the, fame verdift shall have a writ of attaint againft every person which after the said aft would give an untrue verdift ; (2) and that in the said attaint there JhouU be awarded againjl the petit juryi the party, and the grand jury, procefs of Sum. Refum. and diftrefs infinite ;

(3) which grand jury jhoufd be in like number as the grand jury ir

nov'

  Google

Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. c.6.	[1545.

now in attaint, and that every of them that Jball pafs in the fame, /ball have lands and tenements of the value of xx. by the year of freehold out of ancient demean. (4) And also it was then further enabled and ejlabli/bed, That all attaints afterwards to be Jbould be taken before your Maje in your or afore your of your common place, and in none other court; ($) and that the Nifi prius Jhall be granted by	juflices	upon the

diftrejs.

III. And forafmucb as the feud aft cannot be duly put h execution by the citizens of the said city for lack of fufficient persons having binds and tenements to the clear yearly value of xx. marks, out of ancient demean, according to the tenor of the fame aft, and also that the appearance of the said citizens, to be had out of the said city, is agauift the liberties and franebifes of the fame city, and no provifo made within the said aft for the fame citizens to enjoy their ancient liberties and privileges before rehearfed: (2) It may therefore please your Majesty, of your moft abundant grace, to condescend, that it may be enacted by your Highnefs, and by the lords fpi-Of what eftate ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliat-th°ft'Per<h-nSh ment aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all and

perfon and persons, being citizens of your Cud an attaint in C1ty> an<* being in value of goods and chattels to the lum of London. CCCC. marks, may be impanelled and returned by the iherifF* si 1L 7. c. si. of your said city in every attaint hereafter to be brought by virtue of the said eftatute, upon verdicts hereafter to be given by your said citizens, without any challenge for the inefficiency of freehold of any of them, to be made by any of the said parties, in any„fuch attaint, upon such verdidts hereafter to be given t Trials of at- (3) And that the juflices for the time being shall fit only at the taint in Lon- Guildhall of the lame city, or at fome other convenient place ett* the famecity, and there to fwear the grand jury, and to withlbmding take the verdidts in such attaints hereafter to be taken, (a) And the ftatuteof that the said citizens hereafter be not compelled nor diftrained 23 H. to c. 3. to appear in any such attaint hereafter to be taken upon any untrue verdidt given, or hereafter to be given in London, but only within the limits of the said city, of and for the trial of the fame > the said former adt, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

GAP. VL

Several new and wicked devices tending to the

The bill for burning of frames*

WHERE divers and sundry malicious and envious persons, being men of evil andperverfe difpofitions? and feduced by the injligation of the devil? and minding the hurt, undoing and impove-rtjbment of divers of the King’s true and faithful Jubje&s, as enemies to the common wealth of this realm, and as no true or obedient fub-jefis unto the King’s majejly, of their malicious and wicked minds, have of late invented and praftifed a new damnable kind of vice, dif-pleafure, and damnifying of the King’s true fubjefts, and the common wealth of this realm3 as in fecret burning of frames of timber prepared

*   Google

*545-] Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. c.6.	223

pared and made by the owners thereof ready to be fet up and edified damnifying of for houfes, cutting out of heads and dams of pools, motes, flews, and otker*. fevered waters ; cutting off conduit-heads, or conduit-pipes; burning of wains and carts loaden with coals or other goods; burning of heaps of wood, cut, felled, and prepared for making of coeds; cutting out of b tofts tongues \ cutting off the ears of the King's fubjefis; barking of apple-trees, pear-trees, and other fruit-trees \ and divers other like kinds of rmferable offences; to the great difpleafure of Almighty God, and of the King's majefiy, and to the mofi evil and per-mciotis example that hath been feen in this realm:

II. For remedy whereof, be it enadled by authority of this rt shall be fe-prefent parliament, That if any person or persons, at any time lony, unlaw-after the first day of May next enfuing, maliciouily, unlawfully, hilly and fe-willingly and fecretly burn, or caufe to be burned, cut, or caufe a°frame to be cut or deftroyed, any frame or frames of timber of any 0t timber pre-other person or persons, made and prepared, or hereafter to be pared for ma-made or prepared, for or towards the making of any houfe or king a houfe, houfes, fo that the fame shall not be able for the purpose for the ^ ct%* whiclrit was prepared; that then every such a<ft and a&s fo to [ be committed, perpetrated, and done by any person or persons,

(hall be deemed and adjudged felony, and the offender or offend-ders therein, being lawfully convi&ed or attainted, shall have and fuffer pains of death, (2) and shall lofe and forfeit goods and chattels for ever, and the profits of their lands, tenements and hereditaments, for term of his or their lives.

HI. Provided always. That such attainder shall be no avoid- This felony ing of any woman’s (lower, ne corruption of blood againff the doth not make heir or heirs of such offender or offenders, (2) but be it enaefted, the wile lofe That the wife and wives of such offender or offenders shall have their dowers; and that such heir or heirs (hall, after the dcceafe ^on ofbiood of the said offender, have and enjoy the said lands, tenements, in the heir, and hereditaments of such offender and offenders, in like man-

ner and form as they (hould have had, if this acfr, or any such attainder had never been had ne made. (3) And that the heir or heirs having the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments of tarty*" any eftate of inheritance, shall yield unto the party grieved for gi^evecL such offence or offences, his damages of the profits of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such offender or offenders, whereunto he shall be inheritable, by a&ion of debt to be taken in the common bench at IVeflminJler \ in which a&ion no wager of law, effoin, ne protection shall be allowed.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The penalty That if any person or persons, after the said first day of May, for cutting the maliciouily, wilfully, and unlawfully cut or caufe to be cutout of any the head or heads, dam or dams of any ponds, pools, motes, Altered^by6”* ftevrs, or other feveral waters, or the nead or heads, pipe or 5 ei. c# ji# pipes of any conduit or conduits of any other person or persons,

(2) or maliciouily, willingly and unlawfully, after the said first Burning acart day of May, burn or caule to be burned any wain or wains, oa en' cart or carts, laden or to be laden with coals or any other goods or merchandizes of any other person or persons, (3) or malici- Burning a _

oufly, “Mp 0 w

  Google

Anno triceiimo feptimo Hen.VIII. 0.7,8.	[1545.

oufly, willingly and unlawfully, after the said first day of Mayy do burn or caufe to be burned any heap or heaps ot wood of any other person or pcrfons, prepared, cut and felled, or to be prepared, cut and felled, for making of coals, billets or talwood ;

(4)	or malicioufly, unlawfully and willingly, after the said first day of May, cut out or caufe to be cut out the tongue or tongues of any tame bead or beafts of any other person or per-fons, the said beaft then being in life ; (5) or malicioufly, willingly, or unlawfully, after the said first day of May, cut or caufe to be cut off the ear or ears of any of the King’s fubjedfs, otherwife than by authority of the laW, chance-medly, fudden affray or adventure; (6) or after the said day, malicioufly, willingly, or unlawfully bark any apple-trees, pear-trees, or other fruit-trees of any other person or persons ; (7) that then every such offender and offenders shall not only lofe and forfeit unto the party grieved treble damages for such offence or offences, the fame to be recovered by adtion of trefpafs to be taken at the common law, but also shall lofe and forfeit to the King’s majesty, and his heirs, for every such offence, x. 1. fterling in name of a fine.

CAP. VII.

An act for abrogation of fix weeks feffion.

A rehearfal of the statute of 33 H. 8. c. 10. concerning the eftabliftiment of* the fix weeks feflions, and a repeal of the fame; and all the offences in the fame statute mentioned ftiall be enquired of, puniftted, and reformed at a quarter-feflions.

CAP. VIII.

The aft that any indiftment lacking tbefe words, Vi & armis, Jhall be good.

Wfl E k E before this time it was and yet is commonly ufed in all indiftments and inquifitions of treafon, murder,felony, trefpafs and divers other, to have comprifed and put in every the fame in-diftments and inquifitions theft words, Vi 6c armis, and in divers of the fame indiftments to declare the manner of the force and arms; that is to fay, Vi & armis, videlicet, baculis, cultellis, arcubus & fagittis, or such other like words in effet?, where of truth the parties To indifted had no manner of such weapons at the time of the said offence committed and done ; (2; yet in default and lack of the fame words, the said indiftments were and yet be taken as void in the law, for to put any person to anfwer thereunto: (3) And the parti or parties fo indifted, for lack of the fame words not being comprized and put in the said indiftments, have taken advantage thereof and have avoided the said indiftments by writ or writs of error, or by plea upon his or their appearance, as the fame cafe did require: (4) Rex. <v. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the King our fovcreign WyndePafch. ]0rd, -with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of aG.i.inB.R. t^e commons? in this present parliament affembled, and by the Indiftments authority of the fame, That from the feaft of the nativity ot our

2	Lord

224

iai*d for

Cutting out the tongue of a beaft.

Cutting off the ears of another.

Barking of fruit-trees.

i^45« 1	Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. C.*£.	iig

Lord God next coining, thefe words, Vi & armis, viz. atfw fe- lacking Gf cults9 cultellis, arcubus & fagittis, orfuch other like, shall not of	**

neceffity be put or comprized in any inquifition or indictment; gooa m w#

(5)	nor that the party or parties beiqg hereafter indicted of any offence, shall have or take any advantage by writ or writs of error, plea or otherwife, to adnul or avoid any such inquifition or indictment, for that, that the said words, Vi & armis, viz. ba-cuhsy cultellis, arcubus & fagittis, or any of the fame or like words, shall not be put or comprifed in the said inquifitions or indictments: (6) But that the fame inquifitions or indictments. The words and every of them, lacking the said words, Vi & armis, viz. bacuHs, cultellis, arcubus 1st fagittis, or any of them, shall from %	all

thenceforth, by the authority aforesaid, be taken, deemed and not of neceffi-adjudged, to all intents, conftruCtions and purposes, as good ty be putinan and effectual in the law, as the fame inquifitions and indictments, h^iCtment. having the said words, Vi & armis, viz. baculis, cultellis, arcubus & fagittis, comprized and put in every of the fame inquifitions and indictments were or heretofore have been taken, deemed or adjudged; any law, usage or custom heretofore had and ufed to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further ena§ed by the authority aforesaid, He that is at-That if any person or persons, at any time after the said feaft tainted for the of the nativity of our Lord God next coming, do (teal any dealing of a horfe, gelding, mare, foie or filly, and thereof be found guilty thebene! by the verdiCt of twelve men, or by his own confeffion be at- fjt Qf clergy. * tainted, (2) or otherwife be indicted for the dealing of any iEd.6. c. tu horfe, gelding, mare, foie or filly, and thereupon arraigned,^10* and do (tand mute of malice or froyvard mind, (3) dr challenge Dycr peremptory above the number of twenty, (4) or elfe will not anfwer direCtly to the fame indictment and felony whereupon he is fo arraigned $ (5) that then every such person and persons shall not from henceforth be admitted to have the benefit of his or their clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and shall fuffdr death in such manner and form as they (hould have, if they were no clerks.

CAP. IX.

A bill againft ufttry.

before this time divers and sundry aSls,flatutes and Howoffenders VV laws have been ordained, had and made within this realm, for in ufury ftiall the avoiding and punijhfnent of ufury, being a thing unlawful, and of ** Punlftl * other corrupt bargains, Jhifts and chevifances, (2) which ails, jla-tutes and laws been fo obfeure and dark in fententes, words and terms, and upon the fame Jo many doubts, ambiguities and quejlions have rifen end grown, and the fame alls, Jlatutes and laws been of fo little force or effeft, that by reafon thereof little or no punijhment hath en~ fued to the offenders of the tame, but rather hath encouraged them to ufe the fathe: (3) For reformation whereof, be it enaCled by tne King our lovereign lord, by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temboral, and or the Commons in this present parliament af-(ctnoled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every All (Unites VoL. V.	Q,	the

22-6	Anno	tricefimo	fepdmo	Hfn.VIII.	c.g'.	r(i545;

concerning u- the said ads, statutes and laws heretofore made, of, for or con-fury repealed. Cerning ufury, (hifts, corrupt bargains and chevifances, andeve-ry °f them, and all pains, forfeitures and penalties concerning 11H. 7. c. 8. the fame, and every part thereof, shall from henceforth be utterly void and of none effed, to all intents, conftrtidions and purposes.

Selling of II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That wares and no person or persons of what eftate, degree or condition foever buying them he or they be, from and after >the last day of January next again.	coming, shall by himfelf, fador, attorney, fervaht or deputy,

fell his merchandifes or wares to any person or persons, and within three months next after, by himfelf, fador, attorney, deputy, or by any other person or persons to his ufeand behoof, buy the fame merchandifes or wares, or any part or parcel thereof, upon a lower price, knowing them to be the fame wares or merchandifes that he before did fo bargain and fell, upon the pains and forfeitures hereafter limited in this eftatiite.

Noperfon shall III. And be it also enaded by the fame authority, That no take above xl. person or persons, of what eftate, degree, quality or condition bearanceofan f°ever or they be, at any time after the said last day of Jam-C1. for one ary next coming, by way or mean of any corrupt bargain, lone, year.	efehange,	chevifance,	(hift, intereft of any wares, merchandifes.

Altered n or other thing or things whatfoever, or by any other corrupt or Jac. x. c. 17. deceitful way or mean, or by any covin, engin or deceitful way or conveyance, shall have, receive, accept or take in lucre or gains for the forbearing or giving day of payment of one whole year of and for his or their money, or other things that shall be due for the fame wares, merchandifes, or other thing or things, above the fum of ten pound in the hundred, and fo after that rate, and not above, of and for a more or lefs fum, or for a longer or (horter time, and no more or greater gain or fum thereupon to be had, upon the pains and forfeitures hereafter in this ad mentioned and contained.

There shall IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, not betaken That if any person or persons, at any time after the laid last day above x 1. in of January, do bargain and fell, or lay to mortgage by any way the C1. upon or mean any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments to any sageoflands. Per^on or persons, upon condition of payment or non-payment # of any fum or fums of money to be had, paid or made at any day certain, or before any such day by him that shall fo bargain, fell or lay to mortgage the fame manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, that the fame person or persons, to whom , any such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments shall be fo bargained, fold or laid to mortgage, shall not by reafon thereof have, ne take, in lucre or gains of the ifliies, revenues and profits of the fame manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, above the fum of ten pound in the hundred for one whole year, and fo after the rate abovefaid for a more or lefler fum, or for a longer or (horter time, and no more, nor otherwife, upon the pains, forfeitures and penalties hereafter in this present eftatute limited and exprefled.

j545-1 -Anno tricefimo fcprimo Hen.VIII. c.io; i u	tzj

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That The forfei-if any person or persons, of what eftate, degree, quality or con- ^ndew'in dition foever he or they be, at any time after the said last day of ^ premiflefc January next coining, shall do any aft or afts, thing or things, contrary to the tenor, form and eneft of th^s eftatute, or of any

claufe, article or fentence contained jn the fame, that then all and every offender and offenders thereiit, or in any part thereof, shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence the treble value of the wares, merchandifes, ana other thing or things fo bargained, fold, exchanged or Ihifted, (2) ana the treble value of the iffues and profits of the said manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments fo had, taken or received by reafon of any such bargain, fale or mortgage, (3) and also fhaill have and fuffer im-prifonment of his body, ana make fine and ranfom at the King’s will and pleafure; (4) the moiety of which forfeiture of the said treble value shall be to the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which aftion, bill, plaint or information, no wager of law, effoin or proteftion shall be admitted or allowed.

VI.	Provided alwav, and be it enafted by the authority a- To what ob-forefaid. That this aft, nor any thing therein contained, shall ligations and not in any wife extend to any lawful obligation indorfed with ^tute

a condition, nor to any statute or recognifance made and to be tendeth not# made for the payment of a lefler fum, fo that the fame obligation, statute or recognifance be made fqr a true, juft and perreft debt, or for the performance of any other true covqpants, made or to be made upon a juft and true intent had between the parties, other than in cafes of ufury, intereft, corrupt bargains, fhift or chevifance; (2) ne yet shall extend to any recovery, fine, feoffment, releafe, confirmation or grant made or to be made 5 & 6 Ed. 0. upon condition with a true intent, other than to such recove- c* ries, fines, feoffments, releafes, confirmations and grants, as1*!}* ^ shall be made upon condition extending to ufury, intereft, cor- Car.a.aij# rupt bargains, fhifts or chevifance; any thing in this statute i» Ann*, contained, or any law, statute or ordinance heretofore had, ufed flat* *• c* «*• or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P. X.

If any person shall devife or make any writing, compelling that qpother hath fpoken or committed high treafon, and the said Writing shall caft or leave in an open place whereby it may be found, and shall not fubfpribe his name to the fame, and within twelve days after personally appear before the King and	_.

his council, and affirm the contents of the fame to be true i f 1 *. * then he shall be adjudged a felon.

CAP. XI.

Every person which shall be owner of Combe marifhes in the pa-ri(n of Eqft-Gnenwhh iri the county of Kent, shall be contri-butary towards the reparation of the said marilhes from time to time, after the rate of the acre, as other owners be charges 2	;	-

  v^ooQle

ss

c

aiJ	Anno	tricefimo	feptimo Hen.VIIL c.ia:	[1545:

cd: and when any tax shall lie made, it shall be lawful to the expenditors and collectors, or one of them, to diftrain the goods of such persons which shall refufe to pay after that rate, and the fame diftrefs to retain and ufc according to the laws of Romney marfh.

CAP. XII.

An act for tithes in London.

*	&»jCar.a. TT7’HERE of late time contention, Jlrife and variance hath rifcn

• *$•	V	V and grown within the city ^London, and the liberties of the

fames between the parfons, vicars and curates of the said city, and the A rehearfal of citizens and inhabitants of the fame, for and concerning the payment the statute of of tithes, oblations and other duties within the said city and liberties: *7H. 8-.c. ai. for appeajing whereof a certain order and decree was made thereof the payment h	reverend father in God Thomas archbtjhop of Canterbu-

of tithes in ry* metropolitans> chief primate of all England, Thomas Audley London.	knight,	lord Audley i?/* Walden, and then lord chancellor of Eng-

land, now deceafed, and other of the King's majeftfs moft honourable privy council; and also the King's Utters patents and proclamation was made thereof and directed to the said citizens concerning the fame; whereupon it was after enafted m the parliament holden ot Weftminfter by prorogation the fourth day ^February in the twenty-feventh year of the King's majejly's moft noble reign, by authority if the fame parliament, that the citizens and the inhabitants of the fame city Jhould, at Eafter then next comings pay unto the curates of the said city and fuburbs* all such and like fums of money for tithes, oblations and other duties, as the said citizens and inhabitants by the order of the said late lord chancellor, and other of the King's moft honourable council, and the King's said proclamation, paid or ought to have paid by force and virtue of the said order at Eafter, which ms in the year of our Lord God, mDaXXV, (2) and the fame payments fo to continue from time to time, until such time as any other order or law Jhould ie made, publijbed, ratified and confirmed by the Kings highness, and the two and thirty persons by his Grace to be named\ as well for the full efiablijhment concerning the payment of all tithes, oblationSy and other duties of the inhabitants within the said city, fuburbs and liberties of the fame, as for the making of other ecckfiaJUcal laws of this realm of England, (3) and that every person . denying to pay, as is aforesaid, Jhould^ by the commandment of the mayor of London for the time beings be committed to prifon, there to remain until such time as he or they Jhould have agreed with tm curette or curates for their said tithes, oblations and other duties, as is aforesaid, as in the said aft more plainly appeareth: (4)Jithen which aft divers variances, contentions andfirifes are newly rijen and grown between the said parfons, vicars and curates, and the said citizens and inhabitants, touching the payments of the tithes, oblations and other duties, by reafon of certain words and terms fpecificd in the said order, which are not fo plainly and fully fet forth, as is thought convenient and meet to be \ for appeafing whereof as well the said parfons, vicars and curates, as the said citizens and inhabitants, have cempro-^ofeiTbe ”	an& W themfelves to Jland to such order and decree touching

  v^ooQle

1545-1 Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. c.12.	229

the prermjfes, as Jball be made by the fend right reverend father in tween the par-G*dy Thomas archbijhop of Canterbury, metropolitane and primate	-

England, the right honourable Sir Thomas Wryothefly knight, x^adon^Sd lord Wryotheflv, and lord chancellor ^England, the right honour- the citizens abli Thomas auke ^Norfolk, lord treafurer of England, the right and inhabi* honourable Sir William Paulet knight, lord St. John, lordprefiaent	°f tjj*

of the council* and lord great mafler of the King's mojl honourable ing^c p^ylT tm/bold, the right honourable Sir John Ruflel knight^ lord Ruflel mentof tithes. and lord privy feaf the right honourable Edward earl of Hertford, lord great chamberlain ^England, the right honourable John vifcount Lifle, high admiral of England, Sir Richard Lifter knighty chief juftiee of England, Sir Edward Mountague knight, chief jujlice of the common bench at Weftminfter, and Sir Roger Cholmely knight, chief baron of the exchequer, for a final end and conclufion to be had and made touching the premises for ever. (5) And to the intent to have a full peace and perfect end between the laid parties, their heirs and fucceflors, touching the said tithes, oblations and other duties for ever, be it enabled by the authority of this present parliament. That such end, order and direltion, as shall be made, decreed, and concluded by the forenamed archbifhop, lords and knights, or any fix of them, before the first day of March next enfuing, of, for, and concerning the payments of the tithes, oblations and other duties within the said city, and the liberties of the fame, and inrolled in the King’s high court of chancery of record, shall (land, remain, and be as an ad of parliament, and shall bind as well all citizens and inhabitants of the said city and liberties for the time being, as the said parfons, vicars, curates, and their fucceflors for ever, according to the effed, purport and intent of the said order and decree fo to be The penalty'1 made and inrolled; (6) and that every person denying to pay a- of them which ny of his or their tithes, oblations or other duties, contraiy to the said decree fo be made, (hall, by the commandment of the iccordingto mayor of London for the time being, and in his default or neg- the arbitrators ligence, by the lord chancellor of England for the time being, decree, be committed to prifon, there to remain till such time as he or they have agreed with the curate and curates for his or their (aid tithes, oblations and other duties, as is aforesaid.

The decree.

IJ. «A S touching the payment of tithes in the city */* London, and Cro. El. % 76.

il the liberties of the fame, it is fully ordered and decreed by * Cro* 5 the mojl reverend father in God, Thomas archbijhop of Canterbury, primate and metropolitane ^England, Thomas lord Wryothefty, lord chancellor of England, William ford St. John, prefident of toe Kings majesty's council, and lord great mafler of bis Highnefs houfboli%

John lord Ruflel, lord privy Jeal, Edward earl of Hertford, lord great chamberlain ^England, John vifcount Lifle, high admiral of England, Richard Lifter knight, chief jujlice of England, and ,

Roger Cholmely knight, chief baron of his Graces exchequer, this present twenty-fourth day of February, Anno Domini, (ecundum Curium & computatioriem Ecclefiae Anglican*, millefimo quin*

0,3	gen.

Pirfons, vicars , curates, tithes.

fe Inft. *51*

Leafes.

Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen. VIII. c.12. [1545.

gerttefimo quadra gefitao quinto, according to 4he fiatute in fiiA cafe lately provided, (2) that the citizens and inhabitants of the said city bf London and liberties of the fame, for the time beings /ball yearly without fraud or covin for ever pay their tithes to the parfons, vicars and curates of the said city, and their fuccejfors for tht time being, after the rate hereafter followings that is to wit, of every x. s. rent by the year of all and every houfe and houfes, /hops, ware-boufn, cellars, fables, and every of them within the said city and ftberty of the fame, xvj. d. ob. (3) And every of xx. s. rent by the year of all and every such houfe and houfes, /hops, ware-bmfes, cellars andfables, and every of them within the said city and liberties, ij. s. and ix. d. And fo above the rent of xx. s. by the year, afeending from x. s. to x. s, according to the rate aforesaid.

III.	Item, That where any leafe is or /ball be made of any dwelling houfe or houfes, /hops, ware~houfes, cellars or fables, or any of them, by fraud or covin, reserving lefs rent than hath been accufomed, or is, or that any such leafe /hall be made without any rent referved upon the fame, by reafon of any fine or income paid beforehand, or by any other fraud or covin; that then in every such cafe the tenant or farmer, tenants and farmers thereof /hall pay, for his or their tithes of the fame, after the rate aforejaid, according to the quality of such rent or rents, as the fam\ houfe or houfes, /hops, ware-hou/es, cellars or fables or any of them were laf letten for, without fraud or covin, before the making of such leafe.

IV.	Item, That every owner or owners, inheritor or inheritors of any dwelling houfe or houfes, /hops, ware-heufes, cellars or fables, or any of them, within the said city and liberties, inhabiting or occupying the fame himfelf, or themfelves, /hall pay after such rate or tithes as is above faid, after the quantity offuch yearly rent as the fame tv as laf letten for, without fraud or tbviti.

V.	Item, If any person or persons have taken, or hereafter /ball fake any mcafe or manfion place by leafe, and the taker or takers thereof, his or their executors or ajfigns, doth or /hall inhabit in any part ■ thereof, and have or hath within eight years laf paf before this order, or hereafter will or fall let out the ref duo ofthe fame ; that then In such cafe the principal farmer or farmers, or prf taker or takers thereof, his or their executors or ajfigns, /hall pay his or their tithes after the rate aforesaid, according to bis or their quantity therein, and that his or their executors, ajfignee or ajfignees, Jkall pay his or their tithes after the rate abovefaid, according to the quantity of their rent fy year.

’ VI. And that if any person or persons have, or /hall take div&s 'tnanfwi-hGufes, fi)Qps, ware-houfes, cellars or fables, in one leafe, ana letteth or flail let out one or more of the said houfes, and kcepetb cr /hall keep one or more in his or their own hands, and inhabiteth or inhabit in the fame ; that then the said taker or takers, and his and their executors or ajfigns /hall pay his or their tithes after the rate a-bovefaid, according to the quantity of the yearly rent of such manfm houfe or houfes, retained in his or their hands; and that his affignet or ajfignees of the refidue of the said manfion houfe or houfes, /ball pay bis

1545*3 AiiAd tricefimo feptimo Hen. VIII. C.12.

or their tithes after the rate abovefaid,according to the quantity of their yearly rents.

VII. item. If such farmer or farmers, or bis or their afftgns of any manfm houfe or houfes, ware-houfes, /hops, cellars or fables, hath at any time within eight years laf pafi, or /ball hereafter, let over'all th'foid manfion houfe or houfes contained in his or their leafe, to one perfon, or to divers persons 5 that then the inhabitants, lejfees or occupiers if themi and every of them, Jball pay their tithes after the rate of such rents as the inhabitants, lejfees or occupiers, and their a/figneee or ajfignees have been or Jhall be charged withal, without fraud or cmn.

VIII.	Item, If arty dwelling houfe, within eight years laf paf, teas or hereafter /hall be converted into a ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, or fuck like, or if a ware-houfe,Jlore~houfe, or such like, within the /aid eight years, was or hereafter Jhall be converted into a dwelling houfe 5 that then the occupiers thereof Jhall pay tithes for the fame, after the rate above declared of manfion houfe rents.

IX.	Item, That where any person Jhall demife any dye-houfe or brew-houfe, with implements convenient and neceffary for dying or brewing, Seferving a rent upon the fame, as well in refpeft of such implements, as in refpeii of such dye-houfe or brew-houfe •, that then the tenant Jhall pay his tithes after such rate as, is abovefaid, the third ftny abated: (2) and that every principal houfe or boufes, with key of wharf having any crane or gibet belonging to the fame, Jhall pay after the like rate of their rents, as is aforefatd, the third peny abated; (3) and that other wharfs belonging to houfes having no crane or gibet, Jhallpay for his tithes as Jhall be paid for manfion houfes, in form a-forefaid.

X.	Item, That where any manfion-houfe with a /hop,ft able, ware-heufe, wharf with crane, timber-yard, teinter-yard, or garden belonging to the fame, or as parcel of the fame» is or Jhall be occupied together, that if the fame be hereafter fevered or divided, or at any time within eight years last pafl were fevered or divided; that then the farmer or farmers> occupier or occupiers thereof Jhall pay such tithes as is abovefaid, for such Jhops,ftable, ware-houfes, wharf with crane, timber-yard, teinter-yard or garden aforesaid, fo fevered or divided, after the rate of their feveral rents thereupon referved.

XI.	Item, That the said citizens and inhabitants Jhall pay their tkbes quarterly, that is to fay, at the feafi 0/Eafter, the nativity of St. John Baptift, the feafi of 5/. Michael the archangel, and the nativity of our Lord, by even portions.

XII.	Item, That every houfholder paying ten/hillings rent or above, Jhall, for him or herfelf he difeharged of their four offering-days : but bis wife, children, Servant, or others of their family, taking the rights of the church at Eafter, Jhall pay two pence for their four offering-days yearly.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is decreed. That if any houfe or houfes which hath been or hereafter Jhall be letten for ten Jhillings rent by year, or more, be or hath at any time within eight years last paffed, or hereafter Jhall be, divided and leafed into /mail parcels or memoers, yielding kfs yearly rent than ten Jhulings by the year 3 that then the

0.4	owner

Anno trieefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. (5.12.	[	1545.

pumer or owner s, if be or they dwell in any part of such hoyfe, or elfe the principal lejfee and lejfees, if the owner or owners do not dwell in feme part of the fame, Jball from henceforth pay for his or their tithes after such rate of rent as the fame houfe was accujlomed to he letten for, before such divifton or dividing into parts or members : (2) and the under farmer and farmers, lejfee and lejfees, to be difcbarged of all tithes for such fmall parcels, parts or members, rented at left yearly rent than ten Jhillings by year without fraud or covin, paying tyjo pence yearly for four offering-days.

XIV . Provided alway, and it is decreed, That for such gardens as appertain not to any manfion houfe, and which any person or persons holdelb or Jhall hold in his or their hands fir pleafure, or to his own ufe\ that the then person fo holding the fame, Jhall pay no tithes for the fame: but if any person or persons, which holdeth, or Jball hold any such garden, containing half an acre or more, doth or Jhall make any yearly profit thereof by way offile; that then he or they Jhall pay tithes ' fir the fame, after such rate of bis rent, as is herein firjl above fpecified.

XV.	Provided also, That if any such gardens now being of the quantity of half an acre, or more, be hereafter by fraud or covin divided into lefs quantity or quantities, then to pay tithe according to the rate abovefaid.

XVI.	Provided alway, That this de&ee Jball pot extend to the houfes oj great men, or noble men, or noble women, kept in their own hands, and not letten for any rent, which in times pqjl hath paid no tithes, Jo long as they Jhall fo continue unletten: (2) nor to any halls of fraffs or companies, fo long as they be kept unletten, fi that the fame halls in times pajl have not ufed to pay any tithes.

XVII.	Provided always, and it is decreed. That this present order and decree Jhall not in any wife extend to bind or charge any Jbeds, fables, cellarss timber-yards, ne tfinter-yqrjs, which were never.

*parcel of any dwelling-houfe, ne appertaining or belonging to any dwell-ing-ho{Je, ne have been accujlomed to pay any tithes; but that the said citizens and inhabitants fiiall thereof be quit of payment of any tithes, as it hath been ufed and accujlomed.

XVIJI. Presided also, and it is decreed. That where lefs fum than after fixteen pence bqlj-peny in the ten Jhillings rent, or lefs fum than two Jhillings nine pence in the twenty Jhillings rent, hath been accujlomed to be paid fir tithes \ that then in such places the said citizens and inhabitants Jball pay but pnly after such rate as hath been accujlomed.

XIX. Item, It is also decreed. That if any variance, controverfy or Jlrifi, do, or Jhall hereafter arise in the said city fir non-payment of any tithes \ or if any variance or doubt arise upon the true knowledge or divifion of any rent or tithes, within the liberties of the faii pity, or of any extent or affejfmeni thereof, or if any doubt arise upon any other thing contained within this decree; thqt then upon complaint made by the party grieved, to the mayor of the city of London for the time being, the said mayor by the advice of council, Jhall cad the said parties before him, and make a final end in the fame, with eofis to bo

  ^.ooQle

K545*] Annoiricefimo ftptimo Hen.VIII. c. 13^ 16.	233

awarded by the difcretion of the said mayor and his a/Jiftants> accord-tng to the intent and purport of this present decree.

XX.	And if the said mayor make not an end thereof within two months after complaint to him made, or if any of the fend parties find them/elves aggrieved, that then the lord chancellor of England for the time being, upon complaint to him made within three months then next following, /ball make an end in the fame, with such cojls to be awards ed as JhaU be thought convenient, according to the intent and purport of the said decree.

XXL. Provided always, That if any person or persons take any tenement for a lefs rent than it was accufiomed to be letten for, by reafon of great ruin or decay, brewing, or such like occaftons or nif-fortunes ; that then such person or persons^ bis executors of affigns,

Jball pay tithes only after the rate of the rent referved in his or their leafe, and none otberwife, as long as the fame leafe JhaU endure.

CAP-XIII.

An aft repealing the aft made for pins.

A repeal of the ftatitfe 3* & 35 //. 8. c. 6. ordained for the

making of pins.

CAP. XIV.

There shall be a corporation or body politick of two persons, to be called for ever the mailers or keepers of the pier or key of Scarborough in the county of York> who shall have authority to govern the works of the fame key or pier, to hire workmen, buy Huff, and make provifion for every thing thereunto belonging, which lhall receive yearly of every owner of any xnelfuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or rents, within the liberties of Scarborough, the fifth part of the yearly value of the fame, towards the reparation of the said pier : for the which the said mailers or keepers may diftrain.

CAP. XV.

No perfon, or other than merchants of the llaple, and their 4 Ed. 4. c. 4* fadlors and fervants, to be (hipped only to the llaple, and ♦ c- **• other than such as shall convert the fame into yam, hats, girdles or cloth (and not to fell again) lhall buy or take pro- 5 & 6 Ed. 6.* mife of bargain of any wools of the growin&in the lhires of c. 7.

Kent, or twenty-feven lhires, upon pain of Forfeiture of the double value thereof, but every person may bring his own wool to the open market, and fell it. No person lhall buy or bargain for wool for any merchant llranger, upon pain of for-, feiture thereof. To continue to the end of the next parliament.

CAP. XVI.

Thp Iprdlhip of Rippon, with feveral other lands, to be annexed to the duchy of Lanca/ler,

CAPf

/

  Google

*34	Anno	tricefirtlarcptimoI^SN.VIIL	c.17.	[1545.

CAP. XVII.

A bill that dolors of civil law being married may exercife tcclefiaftkal jurifdiftion.

IN moft bumble wife Jhew end declare unto your Highnefs your mtfi faithfuls bumble and obedient fubjefts, the lords fpiritual and temporals and the commonsy of this present parliament affembled, That where your moft royal Majesty is and bath always juftly been, by the word of Gods fupreme head in earth of the church of England, and hath full power and authority to correfl, punijh and reprefs all manner of bereftesy errors, vices* Jins, obufesy idolatries^ bypocriftes and (uper* ftitions, fprung and growing within the famey and to exercife all other manner of iurifdibUons, commonly called eulefiajlital jurifdiftion : (a) TfhhaUf?0nty never$*l*p the bijhop fl/'Rome and his adberentsy minding utterly as fuprcmc'hwid8 muc^ 05 in ^ *° QbQliJb, obfture and delete such power given by of the church. God to the princes of the earth, whereby they might gather and get to themfclves the government and rule of the worlds bavey in their coun-why nomar- an^ provincials madey ordaineds ejlablijked and decreed dined man Wfs ordinances arid conftitutionSs that no las or married Man Jhouid or Should exer- might exercife or occupy arty jurifdiftion eccleftajlicals nor Jhouid be any cife ecdcfafc- judge or regifler in any court commdnly tailed ecclefiajlical court, left don. dlC" *hiir falft and tfurped powers which they pretended and Went about to have tn Chrift's churchy Jhouid decays wax vile, and be of no reputations as by the said councils and conftitutions provincial apptareih; which ftanding and remaining in their ejfet7y not abolijbed by your Grace's laws, did found to appear to make greatly for the said ufurp-ed power of the said bijhop of Rome, and to be direflly repugnant to your Majesty as fupreme head of the churchy and prerogative royaly your Grace being a lay-man.

25II. 8. c. 19. II. And albeit the said decrees, ordinances and confeitutim, by a statute made in thefive and twentieth year of your mofi noble reign, be have noeccle- utUrh uboli/bed9 fruftrate and of none effetl \ yet becaufe the contra-fiaftical juiif- try thereunto is not ufedy nor put in practice by the archbiJhopsy biJhopsy dittien but by archdeacons and other ecthfiafiical perfonSs who have no manner of ju-and under the r if lift ion eccleftajlicals but by, under and from your royal Majesty y it if 8 c 10 addctky or at the Icaji may give occafton to fome evil-difpofea persons ' 'to thinks and little to regard the proceedings and cenfurcs ecclefajlicol 32II. 8. c. 7. made by your Highnefs and your vicegerents officialss commijfarieSs 5*	judges and vijitators, being also lay and married mens to be of little or

none ejfeft or f'orce, whereby the people gathereth heart anapreemption to do evils and not to have fucb reverence to your moft godly injunctions and proceedings as becometh them.

III. But Jorafmuch as your Majesty is the only and undoubted fupreme head of the church of England, and also of Ireland, to whom by holy Jcripture all authority and power is wholly given to hear and determine all manner caufes eccleftajlicals and to correct, vice and fm whatfcever, and to all such persons as your Majesty Jhall appoint thereunto; that in confederation thereof \ as well for the inftruClion of ignorant perfonSs as also to avoid the occafton of the opinion aforesaids and the Jetting forth of your prerogative royal and fupremacy.

IV.	It

 

Google

1545-1 Anno tricefimtf feptimo HjJn.VIII. c.18,19.	235

IV.	It may therefore please youf Highnefs, that it may be or-* Dolors of the darned and enabled by authority of this present parliament. That c^vil 1*"» all and Angular petfons, as well lav, as thofe th*t be now mar-» befna ried or hereafter shall be married* being doctors of the civil law, married or unlawfully create and made in any univerfity, which lhall be made* married, may ordained, constituted and deputed to be any chancellor, vicar ®x^cifJs.ec5:j[c-general, commiflary, official, fcribe or regmer, by your Ma* ,unf" jefty, or any of your heirs or fucceflors, or by any archbilhop* cro. El. 314. blfhop, archdeacon or other person whatfoever, having authority Poph. 37. under youf Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, to make any Repealed by* chancellor, vicaf general, commiflary, official or regiftef, may * J f^a&and lawfully execute and exercifeall manner ofjurUtii&ion, common*- revived by 1 iy called ecclefiaftical jurifidi&ion* and all cenfures and coertions El. c. x. L1*. appertaining, or in any wife belonging unto the fame, albeit fuch	,

perfon or persons be lay, married or unmarried, fo that they be doctors of the civil law, as is aforesaid; any law, conftitutioa or ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

The King during his life may by his joint or feveral letters patent under the great feal, and proclamation, make the city of IVeJlminJler one honour, the town of Kittson upon Hull another, his caftle of Donington in the county of Berk? a third, and St. OJith in the county of EJfex a fourth honour; and also fo many honours as he will, and annex to them fach lands of his as he will. The freeholders and copyholders {hall hold their lands as they did before.

CAP. XIX.

The hill for fines in county palatine. •

FORASMUCH as divers good and beneficial Jlatutes, for the com- 1 Roll. 305.

modify of the King's fubjefts within this realm, have heretofore been made by authority of parliament, concerning the levying of fines with proclamation, both for avoiding of ftrife, and also for the Jure-iy of the King's JhbjeflS) to be had of and in lands, tenements and hereditaments, by them purchafed or Obtained; which good and beneficial Jlatutes do not extend to fines levied in the county palatine of Lancafter:

II, Bo it therefore ordained and enabled by the King our fo- Fines levied in vereign lord, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- Lancafter are mons, in this present parliament aflfembled, and by the autho- of like force as rity Of the fame parliament, That all and Angular fines, which icd?cd\dfoTe at any time hereafter shall be levied or knowledged before the the justices of justices of our fovereign lord the King, or of his heirs or fuc- the common ceflors, of the county palatine of Lancafter, commonly called Plcas* justices of affife at Lancajler, or before one of them, of any lands, tenements or other hereditaments, lying or being within the county palatine of Lancajler, (2) which shall be openly Jread and proclaimed three feveral days in the open feffions in the prefence of the justices of affife at Lancajler, or of one of them for the time being, at the fame feffions that the fame fine shall fortune to be iogrofied, ?nd also that ihall be openly read and

pro-	^

  V ^ooQle

236	Anno tricefimo feptimo Hen.VIII. C.20,	[(545*

proclaimed in the prefence of the justices of aflife at Lancqfter, or of one of them for the time being, at the two next general fef» Cons that shall be holden in the said county palatine of Lancafter, before the justices of the fame county, commonly called justices of aflife at Lancafier, or before one of them, next after the levying or ingrafting of such said fine, at three feverial days in either of the said two feflions, after such manner and form as is commonly ufed in the King's court of his common place at JVeJlmn-fier, (3) shall be of like force, ftrength and effect in the Jaw, to all intents, conftrufUons and purppfes, as fines being duly levi-r ed with proclamations before the King’s justices of his common place be or ought.to he of.

CAP. XX.

The tenure of lands of forty fhillings by year or under. TX7HERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the fourteenth V V day of January in the five and thirtieth year of the King our moft gracious fovereign lord's reign, it was among other things enaft-ea, ordained and ejlablijhed, That from the four and twentieth day of April then next following, the fame our fovereign lord the Kings highness, his heirs or fuccejjbrs, upon any letters patents of any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly value of forty /hillings, belonging to any of the late monajleries or re-'	ligious	houfes, which came to his gracious hands by the aft of parlia-

ment made at Weftminfter in the feven and twentieth year of his moft gracious reign; and upon any of his or their letters patents made of any houfes, tenements, cottages or gardens, whereunto no lands or hereditaments did appertain, not being any of the King's princely houfes re-ferved and kept by a keeper thereof to his Grace's ufe, which were belonging to any of the find late monajleries or religious houfes comprifed in the said aft made in the said feven and twentieth year of our Jaid fovereign lord the King's reign, by which letters patents any eftate of inheritance Jhould or might pafs from the King's highness, his heirs -* or fucceffors, might ref true upon the fame letters patents to his Highnefs, bis heirs or fucceffors, at bis and their own will and pleafure, either a tenure by knights fervice in capite, or elfe a tenure in foccage or free bur* gage, and not in capite; any law, cuftom, usage or any other thing to the contrary thereof notwithfianding, as by the fame aft made in the said five and thirtieth year of our said fovereign lord the King's reign, among ft other things, more plainly appeareth; (2) forafmuchas divers and sundry ambiguities and doubts have rifen and grown ftthen the 35	*• c* making of the said aft in the said five and thirtieth year of our faid

fovereign lord the King's reign, as well upon the expofition of the words contained in the said aft, in that that the said aft doth not extend to any lands or tenements, other than such as be exprejfed in the said aft modi TheKing du-in fa* feyen *n& twentieth year of our said fovereign lord the ring five years King's reign, as also upon the tenures of divers manors, lands, tene-may referve ments and hereditaments, by his Highnefs given and granted fitben the

other tenures, fagfour anj twentieth day of April in the faidfive and thirtieth year

and not in ca-Jar „M/i

pite, upon	°f ”ls mor n0*‘e relin* <*c*

lands not exceeding the yearly value of xl.s. A patent of land granted by the King with thefe words, Tenendum de nobis, frg. non in capitp. 7 Ed. 6, c. 3.

$	- CAP#

  v^.ooQle

.*545-] Anno tricefimo feprimo Hen.VTII. c.ni

*37

CAP. XXL

The bill for the union of churches.

WHERE in divers and sundry places within this realm ^England there be many and sundry parfonages, the glebes^ tithes end yearly revenues and profits whereof be not fufficient to find a priejl or curate to ferve or minijler to the parijhioners thereof; within a mile or lefs of the church of which poor parfonages there is in many places another church pertaining to another parijh, Jlanding as necejfa-ry and commodioufiy for the accefs of the parijhioners of the other poor farijby as their own doth:

II. jfnd forafmuch as the charges of the maintenance of such two churches and chapels, with all manner of reparations, ornaments and other accujlomed duties pertaining to a churchy be much greater than may be well raifed or borne among ft such poor parijhioners, and might and Jbouli be eafed and remedied by the uniting and knitting of such two churches in one :

HI. It may therefore please the King’s royal majesty, with the afient of his lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the tame^ that it may be enacted and eftablifhed, That an union or Two churches confolidation of two churches in one, or of a church and cha- not being a-pel in one, the one of them not being above the yearly value of bow a mile fix pounds, as it is rated and valued at to the King’s highness in his court of the first fruits and tenths, and not diftant from 5^° not a_ the other above one mile, in any place or places within this bove the year-realm of England, may be from henceforth had or made by the ly value of fix afient of the ordinary and ordinaries of the diocefe where such churches and chapels ftand, and by the aflents of the incum- onc#m bents of them, and of all such as have a juft right, title and intereft to the patronages of the fame churches and chapels, being then of full age ; (2) and that all such unions and confolidations had or made of two churches in one, or of a church and chapel in one as is aforesaid, shall be good, fufficient, lawful, firm, ftable and available in the law, to remain, endure and continue for ever united and knit in one, in such manner and form, as by writing or writings under the feals of such ordinaries, incumbents and patrons, it shall be declared and fet forth.

IV. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, A confirm*-. That all unions and confolidations of all churches and chapels, tion of all which have heretofore been united or knit together in one by unions hereto* the afient of the ordinaries, incumbents, and true and lawfultorc ma c# patrons in fee-fimple of them as is aforesaid, shall also remain and be from henceforth adjudged and deemed in the law to endure and continue for ever united and knit in one, without any difiblution, undoing, unknitting, or repeal of them, or any of them, by any manner of means or way.

V.	Saving unto the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, The King's all the tenths and firft-fruits of ail such churches and chapels, tenths and as be heretofore united or confolidated in one, or that hereafter firft-fruits re-

(hallferved<

 

23*	Anno	tricduno	feptimo	Hen.VIII. 0.22,23. tr545i

{hall be united and confolidated in one, according to the fame, or such like rates and valuations, as the fame churches and chapels, or any of them, now are rated or valued at to the King’s said majesty, in his said Highnefs cqurt of the firft-fruits and tenths.

Union* shall VI. Provided alway, That all unions and confolidations, and not be in cor- every of them, hereafter to be had or made of any church or porate towns chapel within any city or town corporate within this realm of fcnt ofthen*	without	the affent of the mayor, (heriffs and commo-

magiitrates Pafty of the city where such churches, church or chapel be or thereof. ' (hail be, or without the aflent of fucn bodies corporate of other 17Car.*, c. 3. towns corporate, where such churches, church or chapel be, or jfhail be, by the names of their corporations in writing under their common feal, shall be clearly void and of no force ne £ffe& ; any thing before expreffed, or any ordinance, law, custom or iftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

The union a- VII. Provided also, That where the inhabitants of any fiich voided upon a poor parifti, or the more part of them, within one year next af-competent liv- ter the union or confolidation of the fame pari(h, by their writing aflured, ing fufficient jn tbe law, shall allure the incumbent of the said parifh for the yearly payment of fo much money, as with the fum that the said parifti is rated and valued at in the King’s highness said court of the firft-fruits and tenths, shall amount to the full fum of eight pounds fieri ing, to be levied and paid yearly by the said inhabitants to the said incumbent and nis fuccef-lors, that then all such unions or confolidations hereafter to be had or made of any such poor parifh as is aforesaid, shall be void and of none effeft; any thing ftatuted or ordained to the ,	contrary	hereof	in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That this said provifo shall not extend to any union or confolidation of any church or chapel had or made before the making of this eftatute ; any thing in the laid 1 El. c. 4. provifo mentioned to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

C A P. XXII.

An *8 to fill up tbe jury de circumflamibus.

The statute of JJ'E ft  enacted and eftablifhed by the King our fovereign lord, 35 H.8. c. 6. X3 the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this continued un- present parliament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of the fame, the^next^ °^at t^c f°r non-appearance injuries to have de circumjlanr 1 iament. ***' made at JVeflminftcr at the parliament hplden the live and Made perpe- thirtieth year of our said fovereign lord’s reign, shall continue tual by *Ed.6. and remain unto the end of the next parliament in his full force c*	and ftrength,, in as ample manner as is in the said adl pur-

ported.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for tbe continuance of certain JlStates.

WHERE in the parliament begun mid holden at London the third day a/* November in tlx twenty-one year of the reign of our tnoft dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth aidfrom them*

ad-

  Google

1545*1 Anno ttficelimo feptmio Hen.VIII. c. 23.	«39

adjourned to Weftminfter and there holien aud continued by divers prorogations unto the dijfolution thereof an off was made and ejla- 2J H. 8. c. i*. blijhed declaring and concerning, as well how aged poor, tfmf impotent persons, compelled to live by alms, Jball be ordered and ujid,	alfo

how vagabonds and mighty Jlrong beggars Jbould be whipped and pu- %% H. 8. c* y* mjbed j	/A//aid parliament one other aft was made and efla-

blijhedfor the refiraint of carrying and conveying of borfes and mares out of this realm; which said two feveral afts were also made to endure to the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame two feveral alls more plainly appeareth: and also one other aft was there made in the [aid parliament for the true making of cables, halfers, and ropes $ end also one other aft for the true wielding of wools, and one other aft z\ H. 8. c. 12. to rejtrain killing of wainlings* bullocks* fleers and heifers, being un* *3 far the age of two years; which laid three feveral afts lajl before re* numbered, were then made to endure and continue unto the next parliament, as by the fame three feveral afts more plainly appeareth: and where also in the fame parliament one other aft was made and efta- 13H. 8. c. 3. blijhed, for the attaints to be fued for the punijhment of perjury upon untrue verdifts 5 and also one other aft was made there in the said *4 H* 8*c* parliament, concerning Jowing of flax and hemp; all which two feveral Oils lajl before rehearfed, were then made and ordained to cwtinus and endure to the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame two feveral afts more plainly at large is Jbewed, and may appear: and 23 H. S. c. 2* where also in the said parliament one other aft was made and eftaT blijhed for making of gaols in divers Jhires of this realm, which fame aft was then made to continue and endure for one year next after the end of the fame parliament, as by the fame aft also more plainly appeareth: and where also in the parliament begun tend holden at Weftminfter the eighth day of June in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of our said mofl dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, and there continued and kept until the dijfolution thereof; it was ordained and enabled, that all and flngular the said afts above remembered, and every of them, Jbould continue and endure in their force andfirengtb, and also be obferved and kept until the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame afts among ft other things therein contained more plainly appeareth and where also in the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the twenty-eighth day of April, and there continued until the twenty-eighth

tjune, in the tbirty-firfl year of the reign of our mofl dread fovereign d King Henry the Eighth, it was ordained and enafted by the authority of the fame parliament, that all and flngular the said feveral Ofts above remembered, and every of them, and all claufes, articles and proviftons in them and every of them contained, Jhould continue and endure in their force andflrength, and also be obferved and kept until the lajl day of the next parliament, as by the fame aft amongfl other things therein contained more plainly appeareth: and where also in the lajl fefflon of the fame parliament begun at W eftminfter the twelfth day of April in the said thirty flrflyear of the King's mofl noble reign, end there by divers prorogations continued until the twenty-fhurth day of] uly in the thirty-fecond year of our said fovereign lord the King's reign, there was one other aft made and ejlabli/hedfor and concerning the reformation ofmifpleading, jeofails and attorneys ^ which said aft

lajl

  (^.ooQle

240	Anno	tricefimo	feptimo	Hen.VIII.	c.23.	[r545-

31 H. 8. c, 30. last mentioned, with the provifoy were made to endure until the last day of the next parliament, as by the fame aft among ft other things therein contained more plainly appeareth: and where in the fame par-33 H. 8. c. s. liament an aft was made concerning buying of fijb upon the feay and 33 H. 8. c. 16. ong °ther aft was made concerning the making of worfiedyarn, in the county 0/* Norfolk, as by the fame two afts more at large it may and 34. H. 8. c. 7. doth appear; and also one other aft was there made in the said parlia-3+ H. 8. c. 16. ment for reafonable prices of wines to be fety and one other aft was made there in the said parliament concerning the ordering and difcharg• Exp. 1 El. ing of fl)eriffs by their oathsy upon their accompts, as by the fame tw9 l8‘	afts last recited more plainly in the fame afts it doth appear: andfor-

afmuch as all andfengular the faidfeveral afts above mentioned be good and beneficial for the common weal of this realmy be it therefore enafted and ordained by the authority of this present parliament* That the said ac5t concerning the buying of fi(h upon the feay and the said aft concerning and declaring how aged and impo* tent persons, compelled to live by alms, (hould be ordered and ufed, and also how vagabonds and mighty ftrong beggars (hould be whipped and punifned, and all the refidue of the afts and statutes above mentioned, and every of them, and all claufes, articles and provifions in them and every of them contained, lhall continue and endure in their force and ftrength, and be obferved and kept in all things, unto the last day of the next parliament.

II.	And where in the said aft concerning the fetting of prices of wines it is containedy that the lord chancellor of England, lord trea-furery lord prefidtnt of the Kings councily lord privy fealy and the two chief jufticesy or fivtyfour or three of themy /hould have power and authority by their difcretions to fet the prices of all kinds of wineSy as by the fame aft more plainly appeareth; be it now ordained and enafted At what time by the authority of this present parliament. That the said lord wineTlhS be chancellor, lord treafurer, lord prefident, lord privy feal and the fet by thelords t7,° chief juftices, or five, four or three of them, mail yearly fet according to the prices of all kinds of the said wines mentioned in the said the statute of former aft between the twentieth day of November and the last Car**!0* day°f Decembery and at noother time or times; and that all and *1# every person felling in grofs or by retail any of the said wines mentioned in the fame aft, shall not fell any of the fame wines above the prices fo by them fet, upon such pains and forfeitures as be made and provided in the fame statute made at JVeJlrmn-Jier the eight and twentieth year of the reign of our moft dread fovereign lord the King.

In what cafes III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That chief officers of if any person or persons that now hive, or hereafter shall have, pomeTowns “Y manncr wines to fell in grofs within any city, borough, inay fell othertown corporate, or any other haven, corporate town or towns mens wines, within this realm, or within any the King’s dominions, or ter^ •4-H. 8.c. 6. ritories of the fame, and do at any time hereafter refufe to fell any kind of the fame wines, according to the price as now or at any time hereafter shall be limited and appointed by the said lord chancellor, lord treafurer, lord prefident, lord privy feal,

and

  v^ooQle

241

Aiinb primbEbw.VI. C.1*

and other the said chief juftices, or by bny five, four, or thrfcdof them ; that then it *(hali be lawful to the mayor of the city of ZMndofty recorder of the fame city, and two of the ancient aider-men of the fame city, being no vintners for the time being, and the mayor, bailiff's, aldermen and other the head officers, or to any two of them, whereof the mayor, or chief aldermen or bailiff to be one, within all and every other city, borough and port town within this realm* wherein any wines now be or hereafter shall be to fell, to enter into the homes, cellars and places of all and every such owner and owners of the fame wines, in any of the said cities, boroughs and port towns, and the lame wines lawfully to fell to the ufe of the owners of the fame wines, to any person and persons willing to buy the fame, according to such , prices and rate as by the laid lord chancellor, lord treasurer, lord. prefident, lord privy feal, and the laid two chief juftices* or by any five, four, or three of them is or hereafter shall be fet, limited and affigned, according to the tenor of the said ad made in the said eight and twentieth year of the King’s maiefty’s reign.

CAP. XXIV.

A confirmation of a fubiidy granted to the King by the clergy 4 Inft. 44. of the province of Canterbury, of fix Ihillings in the pound* to be paid in two years.

CAP. XXV.

A fubfidy by the temporality*

Annoftrimo EDWARDI VI.

Statutes made in the parliament begun at Weft* minfter the fourth day of November in the firft. year of the reign of our moft dread fovereign lord Edward the Sixth, by the grade of God King of England, France and	, defender

of the faith, and of the church of	,	and

alfo of	Ireland \in earth thefupreme head: And

from thence continued to the twenty-fourth • day of December then next enfuing; that is to fay, in the first feflion of the fame parliament, as followeth.

CAP. I.	£

An att againft such as Jhall unreverently fptak againft the Jacrament of the altar, and of the receiving thereof under both kinds.	The	penalty^

THE.King’s mojl excellent Majejly minding the governance and (peaking

order of his moft	lotsing fitbjeflsto be in moft ter fed unity and againft the f»-

etnetrd in all things, and in eftecial in the	and religion <,/foment ^

Vet. V. .	R	G4bodyand

Google

242	Anno	primoEnw.	VI,	[1547;

blood of God, and wijhing theJam to be brought to pafs with alb clemency and aeainft the re- mercy on ^IS hiighnejs part towards them, as bis mofi princely, fere-ceiving thereof w/y and Ala jefty hath already declared by evident proofs to the intent in both kinds., that his moft loving fubjefis provoked by clemency and goodne/s of their prince and King, /hall ftudy rather for love than for fear to do their The King duties, firfi to Almighty God, and then to bis Highnefs and the com-have unity°in mn	nourifhing	concord	and	love	amongft	themfelves; {7.) yet

religion by	conjidereth and perceiveth. that in a multitude 'all be not on that fort,

clemency,	that reafon and the knowledge of their duties can move them front ef-

finer, but many which had need have fome bridle offear, ana that the fame hi men moft contentious and arrogant for the moft part, or eye moft blind and ignorant: (3} by the means of which for t of men, many things Well and godly inftituted, and to the edification of many, be perverted and abufed, and turned to their own and others great lofs and hindrance, and fometime to extreme deftruclion: the which doth appear in nothing more or fooner, than in matters of religion, and in the great and high myflerics thereof, as in the mofi comfort-able facrament of the body arid blood of our Saviour Jefus Cbrift, com* monly called the Sacrament of the altar, and in feripture, the (a) fup-The bleffed per (b) table of the lord, the (c) communion and (d) partaking of the ftiturwfby m~ an^ blood of Chrift: (4) 'IVklch facrament was inftituted of no Chrift himfelf, author than of our Saviour, both God and man, when at his left and by what Jupper amongft his apojlles, he did take the bread into his hofy hands, words of his. and didfay, (e) Take you and eat, this ia bay byody which is (f) given and (g) broken for you. And taking up the (h) chalice or cup, did give thanks, and jay, (i) This is my blood of the new teftament, which is Ihed for (i) you, and for (I) many, for the (m) remiliioji of fin s,tbat (n) whenfoever we flmlddo the fame,we should do it in the remembrance of him, and to declare and fet forth his death and mofi glorious paffton, until his coming, Of the which (o) bread whofoever eateth, or of the which cup whofoever drinketb unworthily, (p) eateth and drinketh condemnation and judgment to him-felf, making no difference of the Lord's body. (5) The inftitution of which facrament being ordained by Chrift, as is bcforcfaid, and the The caufes of fold words fpoken of it here before rehearfed, being of eternal, infalUbU the abufe of and undoubted truth: yet the fatd facrament (aU this notwithstanding) the bleifed fa- fath freen 0f iaf€ tnarvelloufly abujed by such manner of men before re-crament,	heat fed, who of wickedncjs, or eye of ignorance and want of learning,

for certain abufes heretofore committed of fome, in mifufmg thereof, have condemned in their hearts and fpeech the whole thing, and eon-temptuoujly depraved, defpifed or reviled the fame moft holy and blejfd facrament, and not only dij'puted and rcafoned unreverently and ungodly I of that moft high myftery, but also in their fermoni, preachings* readings, hBures, communications, arguments, talks, rhimes, fengs, plays or jefts, name or call it by such vile and linfeetniy words, as cbriftwi ears do abhor to hear rehearfed: (6) for reform it ic-n whereof, be it enabled by the King’s highnels, with the afient of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament

(a) 2	Cor. 11. 20. (b)	i Cor. 10.21. (c)	1 Cor. 10. 16. (d) 1 Cor. to.

*6,17.	(e) Mat. 26. 26.	(f) Luke 22. 19.	(g) 1 Cor. 11. 24* (h)	Mat.

26. 27.	(i) Mar. 14. 23.	(k) Mar. 14. 14.	(1) Luke 2S. 19. (m)	Mar.

14. 24.	(n) Mat. 16. 28.	(o) 1 Cor, 11. 29.	(p) 1 Cor. 11. z6»

  CjOOQle

*547-1	Anno	primo	Edw.VL	c.i.	243

tiament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That what- The penalty foever person or persons, from and after the first day of Mayfor rPcakin.S itfcxt coming, shall deprave, defpife or contemn the said molt blefled of thymol* y facrament, in contempt thereof by any contemptuous words, oir blefled facra-by any words of depraving, defpifing or reviling; or what person ment. or persons shall advifedly in any otherwife contemn, defpife or revile the said moft blefled facrament, contrary to the effefts and declaration abovefaid : that then he or they shall fuffer impri-fonment of his or their bodies, and make fine and ranfom at the King’s will and pleafure. (7) and for full and effectual execution of the premifles before aevifed, ordained and enafted by , this aft, be it furthermore enafted by the authority of this prelent parliament, That immediately after the first day of May next coming, the justices of peace, or three of them at the leaft, whereof one of them to be of the quorum, in every (hire of thi$ realm, and JVaUt, and all other places within the Kine’s dominions lhall have full power and authority by virtue of this aft, as well to take information and accufation by the oaths and de-pofitions of two able, honeft and lawful persons at the lead,

(8) and after such accufation or information fo had, to enquire by the oaths of xii. men, in every of their four quarter-feflions yearly to be holden, of all and lingular such accufations or informations to be had or made of any of the offences abovefaid, to be committed or done after the said first day of May, within the limits	*

of their commiflion : (0) and that upon every such accufation jaftlces of and information, the offender and offenders lhall be enquired of, peace may en-and indifted before the said justices of peace, or three or them at tpjj® °* the leaft, as is aforesaid, of the said contempts and offences, by *enders# the verdift of twelve honeft and indifferent men, if the matter of the said accufation and information shall feem to the said jury good and true.

II.	And it is also further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Examination 'That the said justices of peace, or three of them at the leaft, as is of the ac-aforefaid,beforewhomanyfuchprefentment,information and ac- cufcn* cuiation lhall be made or taken as is aforesaid, shall examine the accufers, what other witnefs were by and present at the time of

the doing and committing of the offence, whereof the information, accufation and prefentment lhall be made, and how many bthersthan the acculers have knowledge thereof, (2) and lhall have full power and authority by their diferetions to bind by recognizance to be taken before them, as well the said accufers, as all such other persons whom the said accufers lhall declare to have knowledge of the offences by them prefented and informed, every of them in five pounds to the King* to appear before the laid justices of peace, before whom the offender or offenders lhall be tried at the day of trial and deliverance of such offenders.

III.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That X2 qq jqv

the laid justices of peace or three ot them at the leaft, as is above- What procefr laid, by virtue of this aft, lhall have full power and authority to fliallbcaward* make procelsagainft every person and persons fo indifted, by two edagainft the capias and an exigent, and by capias uthgatum, as well within the	m*

R 2 ‘	" limits

 

Google

244	Anno	primd EdW.VI. c.i.	[1547.

limits of their commiffion, as into all other (hires anci places of this realm, Wales and other the King’s dominions, as well within liberties as without, and the fame procefs to be good and effectual in the law to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes; Juftices of (2) and upon the appearance of,any of the offenders, shall have peace may de- full power and authority by virtue of this adt and the commif-termine the fi0n 0f peace to determine the contempts and offences aforesaid o ences. acccording to the laws of this realm and the effedts of this adt: Bailment of (3) and that the said justices of peace, or three of them at the persons indidt- ]eaft, as js abovefaid, shall have full power and authority to let t any such person or persons fo endidted upon fufficient nineties, by theft- diferetions, to bail for their appearance to be tried, according to the tenor, form and effedt of this adt.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said justices N of peace, or three of them at the leaft, at their quarter-feffions, where any offender or offenders shall be or (land indidted of any of the contempts or offences abovefaid, shall dirfcdt and award one writ in the King’s name to the bilhop of the diocefe where the said offence or offences be fuppofed to be committed or done, willing and requiring the said bilhop to be in his own perfon' or by his chancellor, or other his fufficient deputy learned, at the

Starter-feffions in the said county to be holden, when and where e said offender shall be arraigned and tried, appointing to them A writ diredt- ;n the said writ the day and place of the said arraignment; (2) which tks Jto the	^	°f	this fo™ • dlex tsV. Epifcopo L.Jalutem. Praclpimus

bifhop. titi quod tuy Cancellarius tuusy vel alius deputat' tuus fufficienter eru-dituSy fttis cum juftic. nojlris ad pacem in com. nojlro B. confervand. affighat. apud D. tali die, ad fejftonem noflranty ad tunc et ibm. tenend. ad dand. confilium et advifament. eifdem jujliciariis nojlris ad pacemy fuper atranartient. et deliberationem offendent. contra form. Statuti

• a-jQ___concerned, facr of an ft. facramentum altaris.

Proved always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-threemonths faKU That no person or persons shall be indidted of any of the after the of- contempts or offences abovefaid, but only'of such contempts or fence.	offences as shall be done or perpetratea within three months

• Examined.	next after the 0ffence or offences fo committed or done.*

The defend- VJ. And he jt further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That hiTimiocency *n trials> for any such offenders before the said juftices, as is t>y witneffes. aforesaid, the person or persons being complained on and arraigned, shall be admitted to purge or try his or their innoCency, by as many or more witneffes in number, and of as good honefty and credence, as the witneffes be which depofed againft him or them or any of them. >A

VII.	Arid forafmuch as it is more agreeable, both to the firji inf's-tittion of the said facrament of the moft precious body and blood of sur Saviour Jefus ChrijU and also more conformable to the common nfe and practice both of the apofiles and of the primitive church by the /pace of 500 yearsana more after ChriJYs afetnfwiy that the said bleffied facra-ment should be minijlercd to all thriflian people under both the kinds of head and wine, than under the form of bread only: (2) and also U is more agreeable to the fitjl injlitution of Chrijl9 and to the ufage

 

, *4$

1547']	Anno primo Edw.VI. c. 2.

°f the apoJlleSy and the primitive churchy that the people being present Jhould receive the fame zvitb the priefy than that the priejl jboula revive it alone: (3) Therefore be it enacted by our said fovereign The blefledft-lord the King, with the confentofthe lords fpiritual and tern- b^delivei^d poral, and the commons, in this present parliament ailembled, unto the peo-and by the authority of the fame. That me said moft bleflcd fa- pie underboth crament be hereafter commonly delivered and miniftered untq*in<ls pfbfead the people within the church ot England and Ireland, and other an<i wme# the King’s dominions, under both die kinds, that is to fay, of bread and wine, except neceffity otherwife require : (4) Ana also tha{the prieft which shall minifter the fame, (hall, at the lead one day before, exhort all persons which shall be present likewife to retort and prepare themfelves to receive the fame. (5) And when the day prefixed cometh, after a godly exhortation by the minifter maae, (wherein shall be further exprelfed the benefit and comfort promifed to them which worthily receive the said holyfacrament, and the danger and indignation of God threatned to them which shall prefume to receive the .fame unworthily, to the end that every man may try and examine his own conscience before he shall receive the fame) (6) the said minifter shall not without a lawful cau(e deny the fame to any p^rfon that will devoutly and humbly defire it; any law, ftatute, ordinance or custom contrary thereunto in any wife notwithstanding. The usage of nof condemning hereby the ufageof any church out of the King’s other churches majesty’s dominions. 5	6	Edw.	6.	c.	1.	repealed	by	1	C°n Cma*

2. c. 2. and revived by 1 Eliz. c. i.f 14.

C A P. II.

An act for the cleftion of bijhops.

FORASMUCH as the elections of archbijhops and bishops by th* *5 H. 8. c. ao.

deans and chapters within the King's majejlys realms oft. ng-land and Ireland, at this present time, be as well to the long delay, Ct a‘ as to the great cojls and charges of such personsy as tty King's ma- 8 Eliz. c. 1. jelly giveth any archbijhoprick or bifhopricl unto: (2) and whereas1)™' *• c- 25» the said elections be in very deed no eleUionSy but only by a writ ?/Ele£tions of Conge d’eflire, have colourSyfhadows or pretences of elections, ferving bifhops belong nevertbelefs to no purpofty and feermng also derogatory and prejudicial only to the to the King's prerogative royaly to whom only appertained the colla- King. tion and gift of all archbijhopricks andbijhopnehy andfuffragmtyjbops gg gS. withtn ms Highnefs said realms of England and Ireland, Wales, iate toa bi-end other his dominions and marcheSy &c.	(boprick.

A bifhop collated by the King/hall pay the ufual fees. All precedes ecclcfiaftical shall be in the King's name, but the tefte in the bifhop's name. Every bifliop's, &c. leal of office shall h^ve the King's arms engraven upon it. Ufual fees shall be taken. The archbifhop of Canterbury may ufe his own feM. In what cafes other bifhops may ufe their own feals, \t H. 8. c. 45. Certificates into a court of record shall be in the King's name, teite the ^ilhop. Repealed by i Eli?»(C. t. and 8~Eliz. c. i, which revive 15 H. 8. c. ao.

R3

CAP. III.

  C^ooQle

246	Anno primo Edw.VL c. 3.	[1547.

CAP. III.

An act for the punijhing of Vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent persons*

FORASMUCH as idfynefs and vagabondry is the mother and root of all thefts, robberiesy and all evil aft54 and other mifchiefiy and the multitude of people given thereto hath always, been here within this realm very greats and more in number (as it may appear) than in other regions, to the great imp&uerijhmtnt of the realm and danger of the King's big briefs fubieftsi the which tdlenefs and vagabondry all the King's highness noble progenitors, Kings of this realm, and this high court of parliament hath often and with great travel gone about and affayed with godly afts and Jlatutes to reprefs; yet until this out time it hath not had that fuccefs which hath been wijbedy but partly by foolijh pity and mercy of them which /hould have feen the said godty laws executed, Partly by the perverfe nature and long accuflomed idle-nefs of the persons giving to loitering, the said godly jlatutes hitherto have had fmatl effeft, and idle and vagabond persons being unfrofitabU members, or rather enemies of the common wealthy have been Juffered to remain and increafey and yet fo do, whom if they Jbould be pnniflsed by death y whippingy imprifonmenty and with other corporal penny it were not without their defertSy for the example of otherSy and to the benefit of the common wealthy yet if they could be brought to be modi profitabley and do fervicey it tyere much to be wijbed and defirei •

be ity &c. -

Vagabonds. A repeal of all statutes heretofore made for the pumflunent of vaga* /	bonds,	and	of	all	articles compnfed in the feme. (2) If any perion (bail

bring to two justices of peace, hny runagate fervant, or any other which livcth idly and loiteringly, by the (pace ot three days, the said justices shall caufe the said idle and loitering fervant or vagabond, to be marked within hot iron on the breaft, with the mark of r. (3) and adjudge him to be (lave to the (ame person that brought or prefented him, to have to him, his executors or afligns, for two years after, who shall take the (aid (lave* and give him bread, water or (mall drink, and refufe meat, and caufe him to work, by beating, chaining or otherwife, in such work and labonr 1 as he shall put him unto, be it never fo vile : (4) and if such (lave abfent hiirrfelf from his said tnafter, within the said term of two years, by the fpace of fourteen days, then he shall be adjudged by t^o justices of peace to lie marked on the forehead, or the ball of the cheek, with an hot iron,

* with the fign of an S and further shall be adjudged to be (lave to his (aid mafterfor ever : (5) and if the (aid (lave shall run away the fecond time, he (hah be adjudged a felon. (6) No clerk convift (hail make his purgation, but shall be a (lave for one year to him who will become bound with two fureties, in twenty pound to the ordinary, to the King's ufe, to take him mto fervlce : and he shall be ufed in all refpe&s, as is aforesaid like to a vagabond. (7) A clerk attainted or convitt, which by the law cannot make his purgation, may by the ordinary be delivered to any man who will become bound with two fufficient fureties to keep him as his (lave five years : and then he shall be ufed in all refpecls as is aforesaid for a vagabond, faving for burning in the breaft. (8) It shall be lawful to every person to whom any shall be adjudged a (lave, to put a ring of iron about his neck, arm or leg. (9) A jultice of peace ana conftable may bind a beggar's man-child apprentice to the age of fourteen years, and a woman-child to the age of twenty years, to any that will require them. (10} And if the said child run away, then hjs mailer may retain and ufe him for the

term

  Google

*547*1	Anno	primo	Edw.VI.	c. 4,5.

trrvn afbrefaid, as hb (lave, (n) All impotent, maimed and .aged'per* font, who cannot be taken for vagabonds, shall have convenient houfes provided for them, and otherwife be relieved in the cities, boroughs or towns where they were born, or were molt converfant by the fpaceot three years, by the willing and charitable difpofitjons of the pariihionem and gone other shall be luffered to beg there. Rep. 3 & 4. Ed. 6. c, 16. Sc 39 c. 4.

CAP. IV.

247

An for tenures holden in Capite. Lands coming'to the King's 9	3*	n

hand* by attainder, diffolution or furrendery &c. shall not be ^ u * holden in Capite Tenure of the King as of his perlbn, or c. 13. ancient pofleffionrs. Conclusion of tenure by matter of re* Rep. x» Car. cord.	a.	c.	24.	>

CAP. V.

An aBfor not conveying borfes out of this realm.

WHERE before this time divers of the King’s fubjefls, and None m

namely of the north parts of this realm, as well in time of convey borfes peace as of war, have conveyed,fola, given and delivered out of this out ot Eng- v tealm as well into Scotland, as into other foreign realms beyond the |?ad without fea^ many and divers grlat multitudes of borfes, geldings and mares, hccncc* which have been thought as well great occafon, Jirength and boldnefi to the Scotifh men, and other the Kings foreign enemies, having in pojfejfon the fame borfes, geldings and mares in time of war to invade this realm, as also a great decay of the good breed of borfes and mares, which before time hath been within this realm, to the great detriment and hindrance of the King’s poor fubjefts,towards the defence of this realm, and other his dominions: (2) For remedy whereof, be it thereforeena<Sled by out fovereign lord the King, and by the com-inons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority cf horfe/info of the fame. That if any person or persons, after the first day of Scotland, or January next coming, do fell, exchange, give, convey or deliver other foreign Into the realm of Scotland, to the ufe of any ScotiJJ) man, (3) or ^^e^Kin^'s do carry, give, exchange, fell, fend, convey, or deliver into any licence. place beyond the fea, out of this realiyi, or the dominions, of *3 H. s. c. 16. the fame, any horfe, geldine or mare, without fpecial licence 1 El- c. 7. therefore to be obtained of the King’s highness, or of his heirs, * Jac*x*c* x* under the great feal of this realm, or under the privy fignet:

(4)	Or ‘f any person or persons after the said first day of January do fell, exchange, give or deliver to any Scoti/h man within this realm of England or Wales, the town of Berwick, or the inarches of the fame, to the intent to be conveyed into Scotland, any horfe, gelding or mare, (5) or do convey or carry, any horfe, mare or gelding into any foreign parts beyond tne fea, without like fpecial licence obtained of the King’s highness, or of his heirs, under the great feal or privy fignet, as is aforesaid t

(6)	That then the fame person and persons fo offending contrary to this a6i, shall lofe and forfeit to our fovereign lord and his heirs, the fame horfe, mare or gelding fo carried and conveyed;

(7)	and also shall lofe and forfeit the fum of forty pound, for every such horfe, gelding or mare fo.to be conveyed and carried

R 4	in

  v^ooQle

248	Anno	prkno	Edw.VI.	c.5.	[*547.

In form aforcfaid : whereof the one moiety to be to the Kiilg^ and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by information, a&ion of debt or detinue, in any of the King’s courts of record 5 in which iuit no wager of law, eflbin ne protection fhdllbe allowed. (8) And that alio all and every jrcnonand persons fo offending contrary to this adt, shall fuffer imprifbn-ment by the fpace of one whole year.

The wardens II. And he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in their rourts it shall be lawful, as well to the warden and wardens of the eaft, wacema^cn- we^ anc* middle, marches for the time being, in their warden ouire of of- " courts, as also to all and every the Sing’s justices of the peace in tenders. every (hire, as well in England as in Wales, in their quarter-fef-fions, to enquire of all and every offence or offences hereafter to be perpetrated, committed or done contrary to this adt: (2) ana that it shall be lawful to all and every person or persons, being the King’s fubjedts, to arreft and imprifon eveiy Scotijb man, and all and every other person or persons, which mail lead or convey, contrary to the meaning of this adt, any such horfe, gelding, or mare, out of this realm into the said realm of Scotland, or into any other foreign place beyond the fea, other than such persons as hereafter shall have fufficient warrant, by or from the King’s highness, or his heirs, under his or their great leal or privy fignet, according to the meaning of this adh III. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority afore-The King's h-	That if the King our fovereign lord, his heirs or fuqceflbrs,

at any hereafter, under his great feal or privy fignet, do and licence’to give licence to any person or persons, to carry or convey any give licence, horfes, mares or geldings into Sc tland> or into any parts beyond the fea, or elfe do give authority, power or commandment to gny person or persons bv warrant under the King’s great feal, to licence any other person or persons to carry and convey any horfes, mares or geldings into Scotland, or into any parts beyond the fea: That then it mall be lawful, as well to all and Angular person and persons, having such licence under the King’s great feal or privy fignet, as to all and every other perlon and persons having licence in writing, under the feal of luch person or persons to whom the King shall give authority, power or commandment in form abovdaid, to licence other person or persons to carry or convey any horfes, mares or 'geldings into Scotland, or into any parts beyond the fea, to carry and convey such number of horfes, geldings or mares, or any of them, into Scotland, or into any of the parts beyond the fea, as shall be mentioned in any fuen licence, as is before fpecified: any thing mentioned jn this adt to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

Carrying pf IV. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority afore-horfes to ferve faid. That this adt, ne any tiling therein contained, shall in any wife the King in extend tq any person or perfpns, which at any time hereafter shall tys war*. carry or convey any horfe, mare or gelding into Scotland, or inrp any other foreign parts beyond thf fea, to fprve the King in his

Y^rs,

249

1547*3	Anna	primo	Eftw.VI.	c.5..

wars, with the fame horfes mares or geldings; any thing mentioned in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And to the intent the King’s majesty shall not hereafter be Licences shall deceived in the number of such horfes, mares or geldings, which ** flawed to hereafter shall be carried and conveyed into Scotland, ne that the ^ct^dent parties which hereafter shall obtain any licence by force of this marches.

a£L> for the carriage or conveyance of any horfes, mares or geldings to be carried or conveyed into Scotland, (2) Beit therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every such person and perfona which hereafter shall be licenced according to this aft, to carry or convey any horfes, mares or geldings into Scotland* shall before the fame carriage or conveyance, upon the pain or forfeiture of the said horfe, mare or gelding, or the double value thereof, (whereof the one moiety to be tp the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by such like aftion, as before is limited in this aft) (hew his or their said licence to one of the three wardens of the three marches of England to the intent that one of the said wardens shall caufe * the number of the said horfes, mares or geldings fo licenced to b? conveyed into Scotland, not only to be kalenaered in a book, to remain in his own cultody, but also to be endorfed and written on the back-fide of the said licence, and the fame endowment to be (igned with the hand of the said warden.

VI.	Provided always. That it shall be lawful to every of the Evefy ,.on King’s fybjeft$ that (najl pafs over beyond the fea, to (hip or thJgocth bc-cany with them horfes or geldings, for their only occupation yondthelea in jJieir joumies, and not to the intent to fell the fame beyond may take a the fea: (2) And that intent to be judged by the oath of him or

them that fo wjll carry over any horfe or gelding: which oath ufc#

(hail be takenbefore tne cuftomers or their deputies, or fearcher Repealed by of every such port where th? fame horfe or gelding shall be 5 EL c. 19. (hipped, before the (hipping thereof.

VII.	Provided always, That the warden of the five ports now warden being, or hereafter to be, may yearly at his pleafure give fix horfes of the five

or geldings, and no more, within one year, at one or divers ports may give times, upon like pain as is aforesaid, to any person or persons, ccruin horfes. in the parts beyond the feas, being in amity with the King’s highness, or his fucceflors; this aft, or any thing therein to tne contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided also, That this aft nor any thing therein men- The matter of tioned* be in any wife hurtful or prejudicial to the mafter of the the King’s King’s horfes, now and hereafter to be, for such things and hoxies. commodities as shall and do concern his office; any thing in

this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	Provided alfo. That it shall be lawful to any of the King’s Tranfporting

fubjefts to carry or fend into any parts beyond the lea, any mares, a "Ja,'c not e*-whereof the price of any one mare fo to be carried doth not ex-	x#'ln

peed ten (hillings, in such and like manner as mares being of *7. c. 13. foe price of fix killings eight pence, have been q>r might have

t>$en

  kjOOQle

250	Anno	ptitzio	£i>w.	VI.	c.6.	X^547*

been conveyed ovet the feas before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft, or in any other aft or afts Jieretdbre made to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

CAR VI.

The bill for the continuance of making of worftedyarn />

Norfolk.

How and bv "IT THERE the greateft and almeft the whole number of the pm whom worked yy inhabitants of the county of Norfolk and the city of Normal in°Nor- w,cb ke an& ktwe been heretofore for a great time maintained and folk.	gotten	their	tiving	by fpinning of the wools growing in the fisbi

county of Norfolk, upon the rock into yarn, and by dll the Jaid time have ufed to have their accefs to common markets within the said county and city, to buy their wools there to be fpun, as is afbrejaii, of certain persons called retailers of the fame wools, By eight penny Worth or twelve penny worth at one time, or thereabout, and bane not ufed to buy, ne can buy their said wools Of the breeders of tbt fame wools by fuck /mail parcels, as well for that the said breederi of the said wools will not fell their said wools by such fmall parcels, as alfofor that the mojl part of the said poor persons dweltfar off By the statute jyom tge breeders of the said wools ; (2) and for afmuch as by aUperfons're- a" a?	of parliament made In the year of tbefeign

(trained to buy °f ™e noble King of famous memory, Henry the Eighth, all per-wool to fell Jons be refrained upon a great pain to buy any Wools to fell the again, except, fame again, except merchants of the Jlaple, for the only provifion c*	of	the Jlaple, as in the said aft* among other things, more at large

it is contained: therefore the fa id retailers of wools in the said county of Norfolk and city of Norwich, which heretofore have ufed to buy wools and to fell them again to the said poor persons in overt markets as is a for efaid, have, finee the making of the faidJlatute, in ebhewing the danger and pain provided by the fame, ceaftd and left to buy the said wools, for the relief of the said poor persons : by reafon whereof \ the fame poor persons inhabiting within the said county of Norfolk and city of Norwich, that have heretofore ban fpinners, and maintaihed by /pinning of the said wools, be now unoccupied and unfet a work, and a great nufnber of them enforced t§ beg for lack of .work, to the utter decay and ruin of the poor people of the said county and city, and the inhabitants thereof, unle/s feme remedy be therein provided. (3) In confideration whereof, it '	may	pleafe	the	King’s	molt	royal	majesty,	by	the	aflent	of	the

lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefect Every person parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all dwelling in	and every person and persons dwelling and inhabiting within

°r ^aic^ CDunty °f Norfolk and city of Norwich, or in either of buyandidf the1*1* by him or themfelves, or by his or their faftors. Tenant again Norfolk or fervants, may lawfully from henceforth, without pain, fer-wool in open feiture, danger or breach of any law or ordinance, to buy and bargain wools, and take and make provifion to buy and bargain the fta*tute of* wo°ls> growing or that shall grow only within the said county 37 H. s.c. 15. of Norfolk, in as large and like manner and form, as the feme

inhabitants

  v^.ooQle

1547*1. Anno primo Edw. VI. c.6.	251

inhabitants within the said county and city might and did life to do before the making of the laid aft of parliament, and as if the laid a&of parliament had never been had or made, fo that the lame perion and persons fo buying or bargaining, or taking promife to buy or bargain the said wools, do fell or retail the lame again, in the common market, or other open place, within the (aid county of Norfolk, or city of Norwich, to any perion and persons at their pleafure and liberty that will buy the fame, or any parcel thereof, dwelling and inhabiting within the foid county and city of Norwich, or any of them, that (hail or will fpin the fame within the said county of Norfolk, and the city of Norwich, or any of them j the said former aft or any article, claufe or fentence therein contained, or any other a& or a&s, law or ordinance heretofore made to the contrary thereof in any wife riotwithftsinding.

II.	And when tn the parliament holden at Weftminlter the three 33 jh. 8. c. 16 and thirtieth year of the reign of our said late fevereign lord the King, Who may buy it was amongfi other things enafted thus as enfueth, or like in effect,

that if to fay? That no person or personsfrom henceforth jbould buy, ne

eoufe to be bought, within the said city of Norwich or county of folk/and who

Norfolk, any yarn fpun of the reck, called worjledyam, the which not.

Jbould then after that be Jpun within the said county or city, but such person or persons being weavers of worjied, rujfels, Jlamins, fays and fucb other like clothes within the said city or county, that Jbould Weave or work, or caufe to be woven or wrought in worjied, famine, ruffds,fays and such other like clothes, the said yam fo bought or caufed to be bought within the said city or county, in the said city ^Norwich* or in feme market- town within the said county: (2) upon the pain and forfeiture,for every pound weight of the said yarn called worJUd yam, fo bought within the said county or city, and not woven or wrought, as is aforesaid, within the said city or county, forty Jhillings \ the one half thereof to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other half thereof to be to him or them that Jbould then after that fue for the fame by bill, information, ailion of debt, or otherwife in any court of record -, in which said action, bill or information, no ejfoin, wager of law,foreign flea or protection Jbould be allowed*

III.	And where it is also ordained in the said ait, That if any No worfted person or persons did after the firjl day of April then next after

faid ail enfuing, Jhip or carry, or convey, or caufe to be Jhipped to betranf_ carry or convey, into the parts beyond the fea, or did carry or convey ported. into the parts beyond the Jea, any yam called worjledyam, not made or wrought in cloth, fo that such yarn were fpun within this realm, that then every person and persons fo Jhipping, conveying and carry-tug, or caufing such yarn fo to be flipped, carried and conveyed, fhoidd forfeit for every pound of worjied yarn fo Jhipped, conveyed or carried, forty Jhillings \ the one half thereof to be to our said fovereign lord the King, and the other naif thereof to him or them that Jhould fue for the fame by bill, information or aition of debt, in any of the Ktng9s courts of record, as in the said ait, the fame or the like in effeil, more plainly doth and may appear.	(2) And for-

asmuch

  Google

252.

The statute of 33 H. 8. c. 16. rehear fed and made perpetual.

Hat-makers may buy middle-miffe yarn.

Hutt. 8a.

The death of the King shall not difcon-tinue any fuit, See.

3 Built. 314.

Anno pm mo Ed w. VI. c.7.	f 1547.

afmucb as the said ail uuas made and ordained lo continue and endure until tie parliament then after that next enfuingy and bath been fithence by other general acts continued until this prefont parliament, a fid • mas not by any of the said afts ordained to continue for ever: It may now please the King’s raoft excellent Majerfy, with the aiTent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all the afore recited afts for jam, with all the words, *forfeitures, pains and fentences'before recited, as the fame is before recited and declared, may- from henceforth be enaded to continue and to be taken for an ad to continue for ever, to all intents andr purposes, according to the said words, fentences and the purport thereof before in this aft* recited.

IV. Provided always, That it.(hall be lawful to every per^ fon and persons, being a hat-maker or hat-makers, dwelling within the said city of Norwich, to buy such of the said worfted yam as is called and known by the name of middle-wuffc yam, as they and every of them have heretofore done aqd uled to do, fo that the feme.middle-swuffe yam fo bought by the said hat-maker or hat-makers be wrought in hats, or employed to hat-making, within the laid city; any thing before recited to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 7.

C AP. VII,

- The continuation of affions after the death of any King.

1IT7HERE the King's fubjelts heretofore have to their great% V V cojls^ charges and expencesprofocutedandfueddivers and sundry all ions y as well real and pcrfonal, as all other all ions mixt or other-vfifoy in the King's majeflys courts, and other courts of record, not only by writs, but also by plaint or bills ; which all ions, fuits y bills and plaints by the death or demife of the Kings of this realm have been difcontinued ; (2) and the parties in every such allions, fuits% bills and plaints, thereby have been put without dajy whereby the demandants, plaintiffs and alters in every such allion and fuity were compelled and driven by the order of the laws of this realmy for their further remedy, to commence and begin again his or their feud all ions y fuits or plainty or elje to profocute and fue refummonsy at-tachmentSy Scire facias, or Juch other like procefs, to revive bis or their said allionsy fuits or plaints ; (3) which was not only to their great cojlsy chargesy expencesy hindrances and delay of their caufos and fuitsy but also a great let and hindrance of iufttce: (4) For reformation whereof, be it ordained, eftablilhed and enacted by the King our fovereign lord, and the lords and commons in tnis present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That From thenceforth by the death or demife oyhe King’s majesty that now is, (whole life Almighty G O D lor® preferve, keep and maintain in his mod roy5 eftate) nor by the death qv demife of -any that hereafter (hafl fee King of

" realm,

 

Google

1545-1	Anno	prirrto Edw. Vi. C.7;	253

realm, any adtion, fuit, bill or plaint, now or that hereafter

fhall depend between party and party, in any of the cdurts

aforefaid, shall not in any thrift be difcontinued or put without

day : (5) but that the procefs, pleas, demurrers and con-Dyer ,65*

tinuances in every adtion, adtions, fuit$, bills or plaints, which r

now or that hereafter shall depend, shall (land good and ef- cro? Cs£ 10.

fedhial, and be profecuted and fued forth, in such manner and

form, and in the fame eftate, condition and order, as if the

fame King had lived or continued in full life, the death or

demife hereafter of any King of this realm notwithstanding.

(6) And that all and all manner of judicial procefs, that here- The variance after shall be had or purfued in the time of the reign of any between the other King, theh reigning at the time of the puruiit of the P1*!#1*1^ and original or former procefs, shall be made in the name of the cefs (halfnot King that for the time shall reign and be King of this realm, be prejudicial, and that variance touching the fame procefs between the names of the Kings shall not be in any wife material, as concerning any default to be alledged or objected therefore.

II.	And also be it further eftablifhed and enacted by the au- Suits not dif-tbority aforesaid, That all and every aflize of Novel dijfeifiny continued by affize of MortdanceJfery juris utrum and attaint, which at any commiffion time hereafter shall be arraigned, commenced or fued before or affanation, any of the King’s justices of aflize, shall not from henceforth or not coming he difcontinued, or put without day, by reafon of death, new of juftices. commiflion, aflociation or not coming of the fame justices of

aflize, or any* of them 5 but shall (land good and efredtual in the law, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes, the death, new commiflion, aflociation or not coming of the fame juftices, or any of them, in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And over that, be it ordained and enacted by the au- Cro* Car. 104. thority aforesaid. That albeit any demandant or plaintiff in Preferment of any manner of adtion, bill or fuit, shall fortune to be made or Pfaj11to created duke, archbi(hop, marquifs, earl, vifeount, baron, dignirv.0 hi(hop, knight, juftice of the one bench or of the other, or

feijeant at the law, depending the fame adtion, bill or fuit, yet that notwithstanding, that no writ, adtion or fuit shall for such caufe in any wife be abatable or abated, but shall remain in like force goodnefs and ftrength as the fame was before; any law or usage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And also be it ordained and enacted by the authority Preferment of

aforefaid. That albeit any person or persons, being juftice of a piftice or aflize, juftice of gaol-delivery, or juftice of peace, within any comqiiflioner of the King’s dominions, or being in any other of the King*s	ot

commiflions whatfoever, shall fortune to be made or created Afored as to duke, archbilhop, marquifs, earl, vifeount, baron, bi(hop, fheriffsby iM. knight, juftice of the one bench or of the other, ferjeant at && *•c- *• law or (heriff, yet that notwithstanding, he and they shall remain juftice and commiflioner, and have full power and authority to execute the fame, in like manner and form as he or

they might or ought to have done before the fame.

6	V.	And

  Google

254	Anno prlmo Ediw. VI. c.f. [*547*

New justices V# And be it ordained and  enacted by the authority afopp-may give faid,, That in all cafes where any person or persons heretofore aUpnfoner° J*avc teen, or hereafter shall be, found guilty of any manner found guilty of treafon, murder, manflaughter, rape or other felony what-of felony and foever, for the which judgment of death (hould or may enfue, rCi^|V« ' an^	reprieved to prifon without judgment at that time

* * * **’ given againft him, her or them (o found guilty, that thofe per-Ions that at any time hereafter Ihall by the King’s letters patents be afligned justices to deliver the gaol where any such person or persons found guilty shall remain shall have full power and authority to give judgment of death againft such person fo found guilty and reprieved, as the fame justices (before whom such person or persons was of were found guilty) might have done, if their commiflion of gaol-delivery had remained and continued in full force and ftrength.

Bro. Commit VI. And over that. That no manner of procefs or fuit made, »»• .	fued or had before any justices of afiize, gaol-deliyery, Oyer

\iftices flha?irC anc* Terminer, justices of peace, or other of the King’s com-l>c difcon* miflioners, shall ne in any wife be difcontinued by the; making tinned by a and publi(hing of any new commifiion or aflociation, or by new commit- altering of the names of the justices of afliie, gaol-deliveryt fi° H 6	6	an<* Terminer, justices of peace, or other the King’s comr

i& 3*Ph.&M. miflioners, (2) butfhat the new justices of afiize, ga6l-delivei^ c. is.	and of the peace, and other commjflioners* may proceed ia

every behalf, as if the old commiflions and justices and com-miflioners had (till remained and continued not altered.

Letter* patents made by the Kine fince xxviij. Janu-arii laft, or to be hereafter made of any manors, See. notwith-iianding any mifnamingor mifrecital, Sec, confit pied.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the confirmation of letters patents.

WHERE the King's mofi excellent highness Jitben the xxviii.

day of January in the firjl year of his Majejlys reign, as well upon divers and sundry good confiderations, his Maje/ly fpecialfy movingy as also olherwifey hath bargained, fold, ixchangedy given, reftoredy ana granted by his Grace's feveral Inters patentSy indentures or other Writings fealed under his Highnefs great feal of England, the feal of his duchy of Lancafter, and the feat of toe court of augmentations and of the revenues of bis crown, or any of tbemy as well to bodies politick arid corporate9 as to divers and sundry of his loving and obedient fubjefts, divers and sundry honours, cajlles, manors, lands, tenementsy rents, reverfions, fervices7 parfonages appropriatedy advowfons, tithes, oblations, penfionSy portions, Jran-chifeSy privileges, liberties and other hereditaments, commodities and profits in fee-Jimple, fee-tail, for term of life or lives, or for term of yearsy as in the fame feveral letters patentSy indentures and other writings is mentioned and declared: (?.) in avoidingy diflurbtng, hurting or hindering of the said feveral letters patents, indentures add other luritingSy and of the said manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and other things in them containedy sundry and many ambiguities, doubts and quejlions have or might hereafter happen to ie moved, objected, all edged, invented, procured orJlirred, as well for

imf-namngt

  Google

,547*1	Anno	pritno	Eow. VI. c.gs	255

mf-namlng, mif recital or'non-recital of any of the fame honours, kcaffies, manors,	tenementi,	and other the premiffes, or any

parcel thereof: (3) or for lack of finding of offices, or inquifitions Several things of and in the premiffes, whereby the Hitle of the Kings highness	rf*

therein ategbt to have been found before the making of the fame letters common law patents or ether writings: (4^ or for mif-recital, or non-recital of to make the leafes thereof before made, as well of record as not of record ; (5) King’s letters or for lack of the certainty, mificuffing\ rating or fetting forth ^"patents avail-tbe yearly values and rates of the premiffes, or of the yearly rents re- ^ic^wanr-ferved of and for the premtffis, or any parcel thorerf, mentioned or jng> do avoid contained in any of the said tetters patents or othqr writings ; (6) or them. for that the premfffes be, or any part thereof is valued to a more or 4 confirma-lefs value in the said Utters patents or writings, than the said honours,	patents

manors* lands, tenements and other the premiffes then were or Jhall macie by * be in yearly vqlue \ (7) or for mi framing of the towns, hamUts, the King or parijbes or counties where the fame honours, caflles, manors, lands, to ** made tenements, rents, hereditaments and other the premiffes, and every parcel thereof or any parcel thereof lien or been ; (8 ) or for lack of See notwith-the true naming of the natures, kinds, forts and quantities of the said (landing mif-poffeffione or hereditaments, or any parcel thereof, (9) or for lack naming, &c-of the true naming of the corporation of the fame bodies politick or atents" corporate ; (10) or for lack of attornment, livery or feifin \ (il) or the^tute * for nuf naming of any of the late tenants or fermors of the fame doth not premiffes fo fold, given, granted or exchanged ; (12) as far divers extend. and Jundry other fuggefiipns and furmifes, not comprised in the said letters patents, which hereafter might happen to be moved, furmifed for tj,e ovfTm or procured againfi the fame Utters patents, &c. EXP.	plus of that

which (hall

not be contained in the letters patents and particulars. 7 E. 6+ c. 3.

CAP. IX.

The hill for the city of York.

WHERE in the antient city of York and fuburbs of the fame Certain there are many parijb churches, which heretofore the fame churches being well inhabited and replenijhed with people were good and honefl within York livings for learned incumbents, by reafon of the privy tithes of the j^to a rich merchants, and of the offerings of a great multitude j which fewer number. livings be now fo much decayed by the ruin and decay of the said city It shall be Iaw-and of the trade of merchandife there, that the revenues and profits to the af divers of the fame benefices are at this present not above the clear y^£r &c to yearly value of fix and twenty /hillings and eight pence$ (2) fo that unite fo many a great fort of them are not a competent and bonefi living for a good of the narifhes curate 5 yea, and no person will take the cure, but that of necejffity York as to there is feme chantry priefi, or elfe fome late religious person being a Jlipendiary, taken and appointed to the said cure and benefice, which venient. for the mofi part are unUarned and very ignorant persons, not able Pulling down to do any part of their duties j by reafon whereof the said city is not churches only repUnifhed with blind guides and pafiors, but also the people ^cm e omn& much kept in ignorance, as well of their duties towards God, as also a provifion

towards for the iftcum •

  Google

256	AnnO	prlmo	EdW. VI. C.tb.

bents of the towards the Kings majejly and the common Wealth of this realm, and M*>whPUl' t° thereat danger of their fiuls, fed.

By whom the tenth to the King shall be Mid, and how levied. Who shall pay 'the first fruit8>and according to what value. ^

CAP. X.

The hill for exigents and proclamations in Wales, and in the county palatine of Chefter. ^

WHERE in the high court of parliament hidden dt Weftmirt-fter in the feven and twentieth year of the moft profperous § riign of the late famous King Henry the Eighth, by the agent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and toe commons, affembled in the /aid high court of parliament, it was mailed and eftabltjhed by authority of the fame parliament, That his Highnefs dominion and principality of Wales, and all manors, lands, tenements, and other do-w minions within the said dominion and principality of Wales, Jhould he divided into twelve J,hires or counties, that is to fay, thf fares or counties of Glamorgan, Radnor, Brecknock, Caermarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Montgomery, Flint, Caemarvan, Anglefey and Denbigh ; (2) in every of which said counties and fares, amongJl the officers yearly appointed, it was then ordained, that there should be diftinit andfeveral Jheriffs yearly$ (3) and alfi where the counties palatine of Chefter, and of the dty of Chefter, be ancient and feveral counties palatine of themfehesi in all which said counties the Kingfs writ hath not nor yet doth run ; fo that the proclamation awarded upon any exigent againft any person or per-Jons in any ad ion wherein procefs of outlawry doth lie, according to the jlatute made in the fixtb year of the reign of the said late King, cannot be direiled unto the Jheriffor Jheriffs of any of the said Jbires • or counties, but unto the Jheriff of the county next adjoining : (4) fo that the party dwelling in any of the said fares or counties againft whom any such exigent and proclamation /hall be fo awarded, Jhall not, nor cah have any knowledge of the fame fuit or procefs, by reafon whereof many of the persons inhabiting in the said fares and counties, without knowledge or caufe of fuit, have been wrongfully and unjuftly outlawed to their utter undoing :

*7 H. 8. c. 16. II. Be it therefore, and for divers otherj^ood Confiderations, Exigents and by the King our fovereign lord, with the aftent of the lords ft>I-^alfbeaw!ud- ritual an<* tcmporal, an(! the commons, in this present parfia-ed out of the mcnt affembled, and by the authority of the fame, enacted, or-King’s bench dained and eftabliflied, That if and whenfoever any writ of and common exigent, at any time after the first day of April next coming, shall an aperfon	^ awar^e<^ at t^le ^Ult	King* or of any other person or

dwelung in	perfons, plaintiff or plaintiffs in any a&ion or luit in any of the

Wales orChe- courts of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors, commonly called the King’s bench and the common placed a-6H. 8.C.4. gainft any person or persons dwelling in any of the afore&Hl counties in Wales, or in the said counties palatine of Chefter, Of of the city of Chefter, or in any of them, that then immediately upon the awarding of every (uch exigent, the juftice or juftice9

before



  )OQle

1547*1	Anno	primo	Edw. VI. c. 10.

before whom any such writ of exigent upon such fuit or a£h’on shall be fued, lhall have full power and authority to award one writ of proclamation according to the tenor and effect of pro-damations awarded upon exigents, and directed out of any of the said courts into London againft any person dwelling in any other (hire where the King’s writ is current, according to the order and. form of the said statute made in the said fixth year of the said late King, to be diredted to such of the aforefeid (heriffs of any of the aforesaid counties in Wales, and of the counties palatine of Chejier, and of the city of Chejier for the time being9 where it shall happen the said defendant, againft whom any such adtion shall be fued as is aforesaid, to be dwelling: (2) And that every such writ of proclamation shall have the feme tejle and day of return, as the exigents whereupon eveiy such writ of proclamation shall be awarded shall have; (3) ana that every such lheriff to whom any such writ of proclamation shall be directed, shall make proclamation of the said writ of proclamation according to the tenor of the fame, and shall make true return of the fame in such court, and before such juftices, as the tenor of the fame writ shall require and demand. (4) And that all,outlawries hereafter to be promulged or pronounced againft any person or persons upon any such exigent or exigents awarded againft any person or persons dwelling in any of the said counties of Wales, and in the counties palatine of Chejier, and of the city of Cbefter, and no writ of proclamation awarded in form above-faid to the (heriff or (heriffs of the county where the party defendant shall be as is abovefaid dwelling, or not returned, to be clearly void and of none effedfc or force in the law.

III.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. Every fberiff That all and eveiy (heriff and (heriffs of every of the feidcoun- in Wales and ties of Wales, ana of the.counties palatine of Chejier, and of the °f ChfiOiire city of Cbejler aforesaid, shall have in every of the said courts^i^vede-of the King’s bench and of the common place one fufficient de-

puty at the leaft, to receive all writs directed to such the (heriff or King’s bench (heriffs for whom the fame deputy or deputies shall be appoint- and common ed, in like manner and form, and upon like pains, as by the Place* * former statutes and laws of this realm other (heriffs of other (hires or counties within this realm of England be bounden to have in either of the fame courts. (2) And that all writs of proclamation aforesaid shall be delivered unto every such deputy of record in the fame courts; (3) and also like fees shall be paid for making every such writ of proclamation, and for inrolling the (ame of record, as is limited in the said statute made in the said fixth year of the reign of our said late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Towhompro* That if any person dwelling in any or the said counties of Wales, cefs againft after the aforesaid first day of April, shall be outlawed in any any,J)er^>Ii1.« fuit or action aforesaid. That then writs of fpecial Capias utlaga-

turn, fingle Capias utlagatum, non molejland* and all other procefs, for or againft any person outlawed, shall and may from herrce-Voi. V,	S	forth

  ^ooQle

*5®,	Anno	primo Edw.VI. c.ii.	[1547.

forth be directed to the (heriff of any of the said counties in Wales* as immediate officers to the lung’s said courts of the King’s bench, or common place in that behalf: (2) And that every such writs may be delivered of record to the deputy of such of the said (heriffs to whom any such writ or procefs fnaH be diredled, and that every such (heriff shall make execution and return of every such writ or procefs to him directed, upon like pain and penalty as is above limited.

The flieriffs V. And be it further enacted and eftablilhed, That if any forfeiture for such writ or writs of proclamation hereafter directed to any of not returning ^ fheriffs of any of the said (hires in Wales, or counties pala-MochSiadon. ^nc Cbefier* or of the city of Cbefier* be delivered unto any * of the faia (heriffs for the time being, or to his or their deputy, in manner and form aforesaid, and the feme (heriff or <he-nffs do not make true return of every such writ or writs of proclamation, into such court and courts out of which the said writ or writs of proclamation shall be awarded; that for every such default or non-return, every such (heriff for the time being shall lofc and forfeit five pound; the one half thereof shall be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuccefiors, the other half to any such person or peribns as will fue for the feme in an adtion of debt grounded upon this adt, in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protedtioa or wager of law shall be allowed or admitted* .

A refervation VI. Provided always that this adt, or any thing therein con-of othcrliber- tained, shall not in any wife extend or be prejudicial to the fame in cs’ counties of Wales, or to the said counties palatine of Cbefier, or of the city of Cbefier* for or concerning such liberties, fran-chifes of privileges, as belong to them or any of them, or to any ministers or officers of them or any of them, otherwife or • in any other manner, than by the true meaning of this a & is before provided and declared; any thing in this adl mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

The liberties VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-TOarchersre- ^ore^a^> That this adt, ne any thine therein contained, (nail fervtd. " not in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful to any lord marcher in Wales ; but that they and every of them, and their heirs, and the heirs of every of them, shall and may have like liberty, in-tereft and pre-eminence, as they and every of them had, might or ought to have had, before the making of this adt, and as though this adt had never been had ne made; any thing in this adt mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. 5 and 6 Ed. 6. c. 26.

CAP. XL

A repeal of the statute of 28 H. 8. c. 17. which gave authority to the King, after his age of four and twenty years, to repeal by his letters patents, all former statutes made during his minority. .An authority given to the said King Edward the Sixth, and to every heir of the late Henry the Eighth, and to every person to whom tjhe crown Hull defeend, remain or

come

  Google

1547O	Anno	primo Edw.VI. C.12.	259

come by appointment of the said late King Henry Xht Eighth* to repeal all (latutes made before his full age of four and twenty years, faring this ftatute, and all pardons granted by parliament: So that the laid repeal contain all such a&s as shall be repealed, and three feveral days be openly proclaimed in the chancery in term-time, {4c. and once in every county at the aflifes.

CAP. XIL

An act for the repeal of certain statutes concerning treafons and felonies.

NOTHING being more godly, more fure, more to be wijbed Statutes con* and defired betwixt a Prince, the fuprenu bead and ruler, and ccrning trea-tbe fubjcfts, whofe governor and head he ij, than on the Prince9s part	rc*

great clemency and indulgency, and rather tdo much forgivenefs and remijjkn of his royal power and juft punijhmenty than exalt Jeverity and jujlice to be Jhewed; and on the fubjetts behalf that they Jbould obey rather for love, and for the necejftty and love of a King and prince, than for fear of his ftrait and fevere laws; (2) yet such times at forme time cometh in the common wealthy that it is necejfary and ex* pcdient for the reprejftng of the infolency and unrulinefs of men, and for the forefeeing and providing of remedies againjl rebellion, infur-reltiony or Juch mifchiefs9 as Goafometimewithusdifpleafedy for our pumjhment doth infill and lay upon us, or the devil at God's permif jimy to affay the good and Gods elelty doth fow and fet among us ; the which Almighty God with his helpy and man's policy hath always been content and pleafed to have ftaidy that Jharper laws9 as a harder bridle should be made, to fay thofe men and falls that might elfe be occafiony caufe and authors of further inconvenience \ (3) the which Sometimes thing canted the prince of moft famous memory* King Henry the {%£££ Eighth,father to our /aid fovereign lord the King, and other bis high- m*,idCr laws be nejs progenitorSy with the ajfcnt of the nobles and commonSy at divers made, accord* parliaments in their feveral times holden, to make and enalt certain inS t(\tl!c laws and fatutesy which might feem and appear to men of exterior realmSy and many of the King's majestys fubjeltSy very ftraity forty n extream and terribUy although they were then9 when they were madey not without great confideration and policy moved and efablijbedy and for the timty to the avoidance of further inconveniencty very expedi-* ent and necejfary: (4) But as in tempeft or winter, one courje and garment is convenient, in calm or warm 'weather a more liberal cafe or lighter garment, both may and ought to be followed and ufed; fo we have feen divers ftrait and fore laws made in one parliament (the time fo requiring) in a more calm and quiet reign of another prince% by the like authority and parliament, repealed and taken away: (5)

The which moft high clemency and royal example of his Majefly's moft noble progenitor the King's highnejs of his tender and godly naturey moft given to mercy and love of his fubjefiSy willing to follow, and perceiving the hearty and frncere love that his moft loving JubjeftSy both the lords and commonly do bear unto his Highnejs y now in this his Ma~ jeftfs tender cgey willing also to gratify the fame therefore, and

S 2	minding

 

t6o	Anno	primo Edw.VI. c. i 2.	f 1547,

minding further to provoke his /aid fubjefls with great indulgewj and clemency Jbewed on his Highnefs behalf to more love and kindnefs toward his Majesty {if it rriay be) and upon trujl that they will not abufe the fame, but rather be encouraged thereby more faithfully and with more diligence {if it may be) arid care for his Majejly, to fervt his Highnefs now in this his tender age, is contented and pleafed, that the feverity of certain laws here following be mitigated and re-mitted.

No offence V, II. Be it therefore ordained and enaded by the King our fo-madetreafon Vereign lord, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, oT juL ratUHC an<* t*ie commons, in this prelent parliament affembled, and fudged but ^y authority of the fame. That from henceforth no ad, lOcbMwere deed or offence, being by ad of parliament or statute made iftade treafon treafon or petit treafon, by words, writing, ciphering, deeds, or b‘y the statute otherwife whatfoever, shall be taken, had, deemed and adjudged $tat? r ci! t0 ^ high treafon or petit treafon, but only such as be treafon or 1 H.8. c. 4. petit treafon, in or by the ad of parliament or statute made in s M.feiT.i.c.i. the five and twentieth year of the reign of themoft noble King *H»4» c* *5* of famous memory, King Edward the Third, touching or con- | ceming treafon or the declarations of treafons, and such offen-'	ces as hereafter shall by this present ad be expreffed and declared .

to be treafon or petit treafon, and none other;/ (2) nor that any pains of death, penalty or forfeiture in any Wife enfue or be to ! any of the offenders for the doing or committing any treafon or I petit treafon, other than such as be in the said statute made in the said twenty-fifth year of the reign of the said King Edward the Third, or by this present statute ordained and provided; any ad or ads of parliament, statute or ftatutes, had or made at any time heretofore, or after the said twenty-fifth year of the *	reign of the said late King Edward the Third, or any other de-

claration or matter to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-<	ing.

5R. 2. Sfat. 2. in. And also be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, c c That all ads of parliament and statutes touching, mentioning *5H.g. cl14. or m any wife concerning religion or opinions, that i9 to fay,

31H. 8. e. 14. as well the statute made in theory? year of the reign of the King’s 34& 35 H. 8. noble progenitor King Richard the Second; (2) and the statute *•	made in the fecond year of the reign of King Henry the fifth ;

and the statute also made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, concerning punifhment and reformation of hereticksand Lollards, and every provifion therein contained;

35 H. 8. c. $. (4) and the statute made for the abolifhment of diverfity of opi-A repeal of nions in certain articles concerning Chriftian religion common-1 ifi	called	the Six articles, made in the parliament begun at Weft*

tutes, and of minfter *hc twenty-eighth day of April in the one and thirtieth every other year of the reign of the molt noble and vidorious prince ofmoft adconcerning famous memory King Henry the Eighth, father of our moft dodrineand dread fovereign lord the King that now is; (5) and also the ad irion.Cr ° re °f parliament and statute made in the parliament begun at Wejl-*	*	minjler the fixteenth day of January in the three and thirtieth

year of the reign qi the said fete King Henry the Eighth, and

after

1547*3 Anno primo Edw.VI. c.12.	261

after that prorogued unto the two and twentieth day of ^January in the four and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth, touching, mentioning or in any wife concerning books of the old and new teftament in Englijby and the printing, uttering, felling, giving or delivering of books or writings, and retaining of Engltjb books or writings, and reading, preaching, teaching or expounding of fcripture, or in any wife touching, mentioning or concerning any of the fame matters. (6) And also one other statute made in the parliament holden at lVeJlminjler in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late Kang Henry the Eighth, concerning the qualification of the statute of fix articles; (7) and all and every other a& or ads of parliament concerning do&rine or matters of religion* (8) and all and every branch, article, fentence and matter, pains and forfeitures contained, mentioned or in any wife declared in any of the fame ads of parliament or eftatutes, shall from henceforth be repealed, and utterly void and of none effedt

IV. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority All ftatute* aforesaid. That all offences made felony by any ad or ads of madefithence parliament, statute or ftatutes, made fitnence tne twenty-third JeH ^ day of April in the first year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth, not being felony before, and also all and thing felony,' every the branches and articles mentioned or in any wife decla~ repealed, red m any of the fame statutes concerning the making of any offence or offences to be felony, not being felony before, and all pains and forfeitures concerning the fame or any of them, shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void, and of none rffed.

V.	And be it also ordamed and enaded by the authority a- A repeal of forefeid, That one ad made in the parliament holden at Weft- the flat. of 3* minfler in the xxxi. year of the reign of the said late King Hen- c* * ry the Eighth, that proclamations made by the King’s highness, J%3.3t0uch^ by the advice of hi$ honourable council, (hould be obeyed and ing the audio-kept as though they were made by authority of parliament; and rity of the also one other gd made in the parliament holden in the xxxiv. King’s prods* year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth, for matwns*

the due execution of the said proclamations; and also all and every branch, article and matter in the fame statutes and in every of them mentioned or declared, shall from henceforth be repealed, and utterly made void and of none effedh

VI.	And be it coasted by the authority aforesaid. That if any The penalty person or persons, at any time after the first day of March next f°r affirming «oming, by open preaching, exprefs words or layings, do affirm SbgisnM or fet forth that the King, his heirs or fucceffors, Kings of this fuDreme head realm^ for the time being, is not, or ought not to be fupreme otrhe church, head in earth of the church of England and Ireland or any of that any o-than, immediately under God j (2) orthat the bilhopof

or any other person or persons, other than the King of England pofehim.orto for the time being, is or ought to be by the laws of God fupreme affirm that he bead q{ the faipe churches or of any of them j (3) or that the ought not to

S3	King,

  t^oosle

46a	Anno	primo	Edw.VI.	c.12.	fJ$47*

bf King-	King, Ms heirs or fucceflors, Kings of this realm, is not, or

PhP^M.c 8 ought not to be King of England, France and Ireland, or any of for fo much as t^em > (4)or a^er kid day March do compafs or ima-concerns the gine, by open preaching, exprefs words or fayings, to depofe or fupremacy. deprive the King his heirs or fucceflors, Kings of this realm, from his or their royal eftate or titles to or of the realms aforesaid;

(5)	or do openly publifh or fay by exprefs words or fayings, that any bther person or persons, other than the King, his heirs or fucceflors, Kings of this realm, of right ought to be Kings of x	the realms aforesaid or of any of them, or to have and enjoy the

fame br any of them 5 (6) tnat then every such offender, being thereof duly convi&ed or attainted by the laws of this realm, their aiders, coipfoiters, abettors, procurers and counfellors, for his or their such first offence, shall lofe and forfeit to the King all his and their goods and chattels, and alfb shall have and fuffer Imprifonment of his and their bodies, at the King’s The punifh- Will and pleafure. (7) And if any perfort, being once convifted ment for the or attainted of any of the said offences, shall after his conviftion ^fecond offeree or attainder eftfoons commit or perpetrate any of the offences foreronvlfted'.	mentioned, other than such as be exprefled in the laid

*5 Ed. 3. ftati eftatute made in the faidxxv. yearof King Edward the Third, and

5.	c. s. shall be thereof, duly convifted and attainted by the laws of this realm; that then every such offender, their aiders, comforters, abettors, procurers and counfellors, for his or their said fecond offence or offences, shall lofe and forfeit to the King the whole flues and profits of all his and their lands, tenements and other lereditaments, benefices, prebends and other fpiritual promotions, for term of life of such offender or offenders; and shall also lofe and forfeit to the King all his and their goods and chattels, and also Tuffer, during his and their lives, perpetual im-fhepunifh- prifonment.of his and their bodies: (8) And if any person be-for the jng two times hereafter convifted or attainted of any of the fame bein twtee** °“ences> shall after his said fecond conviftion or attainder eft-cbnv^fcd. foons commit or perpetrate again any of the said offences, and be thereof duly convifted or attainted by the laws and statutes of this realm; that then every such third offence or offences shall be deemed and adjudged nigh treafon, and the offender or offenders, their aiders, comforters, abettors, procurers and counfellors, being therein convifted or attainted, according to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall be deemed and adjudged high traitors, and shall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all their goods and chattels, lands and tenements to the King, as in cafes of high treafon.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, at any time after the said first day of March next coming, by writing, printing, overt-deed or ad, do affirm or fet forth that the King ot this realm for the time being is not or ought not to be fupreme head in earth of the church of England and Ireland, or of any of them, immediately under God; (2) or shall by writing, printing, overt-deed or aft, after the said first day of March affirm or fet forth, that the bifhop of

  Google

*547-3

Anno primo Edw.VI. c. 12.

263

Runt, or any other person or persons, other than the King of England for the time being, is or ought to be by the laws of God or otherwife, the fupfeme head in earth of the fame churches or of any of them; (3) or do after the said first day of March com- It shall be high pafc or imagine by writing, printing, overt-deed or ad, to de-pofc or deprive the King, his heirs or fucceffors, Kings of this ;ngf printing realm, from his or their royal eftate or titles of the King of or deed, that England, Frame or Ireland, or of any of them; (4) or by any the King it not writing, printing, overt-deed or ad, do affirm that any other ^he^u^v person or persons, other than the King, his heirs and fucceffors, or that any o-is or of right ought to be King of the realms of England, France ther is, or,&c. or Ireland, or to have and enjoy the fame or any of them; (5) Repealed iSci that then every such offence and offences shall be deemed and ad-	9*

judged high treafon, and the offender and offenders, their aiders, comforters, abettors, procurers and counfellors, therein convicted or attainted according to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall be deemed and adjudged high traitors, and shall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all their goods and chattels, lands and tenements to the King, as in cafes of high treafon.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority To which a6h aforesaid. That this statute or any thing therein contained, shall ^parliament not in any wife extend to repel, annul or make fruftrate or void, tendethnou^" any adt or ads of parliament, statute or statutes made concerning the counterfeiting or forging of any of the coins of this

realm, (2) or of the coin of any other realm or realms, current within this realm, (a) or for clipping, waihing or filing of any nf the (aid coins, (4; or for or concerning the bringing into this realm of counterfeit money or coin; (5) ne to any statute made %y H. I. c. 1. in the xxvij. year of the said late King Henry the Eighth, concerning the falfe forging and counterfeiting of the King’s figns manual, privy fignet or privy feal; (6) ne to their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors, (7) nor to any article or branch concerning the fame offences or any of them, contained in the fame statutes or any of them.

IX.	And be it further eha&ed by the authority aforesaid. It fball be high That if any of the heirs of the King our said fovereign lord treafon to in-that now is, or any person or persons to whom the crown and ** Tiblfto^ dignity of this realm is limited and appointed by ad of parlia- ^honi the ment made in the xxxv. year of the reign of the said late King crown is limit-Henry the Eighth, or the heirs of any of them, do at any time ed by the fta-hereafter ufurp the one of them upon the other in the crown of tutco*> 35**.8. this realm, or demand, challenge or claim the fame otherwife, c*

or in any other form or degree of defeent or fucceffion, or in any other courfe, form, degree or condition, but only in such manner and form as is declared by the said ftatute; or if any of the laid Jieirs or persons aforesaid do interrupt or let the King’s highness that now is, peaceably and quietly to keep, have and enjoy the said imperial crown : that then all and Angular the' offenders, their aiders, comforters, abettors, procurers and councilors therein, shall be deemed g?d adjudged high traits™



  L,ooQle

Anno primo Edw.VI. c.12.

t*547*i

33

>Job,

*$4-

Perfons (dealing one horfe are oufted of clergy. Sec.

extind. xi Coke 31.

and shall fuffer and incur the pains of death, Ioffes and forfei-J Cures, as is aforesaid, in cafes of high treaforu The offender* X. And it is further ordained and enaded by the authority in thefe felo- aforesaid. That no person or persons that heretofore hath been, eluded 5 or at my ^me ^erca^ter be, in due form of the laws, at-their Jergy tainted or convidedof murder of malice prepenfed, or bf poi-and fan6hiary foning of malice prepenfed; (2) or of breaking of anyhoufeby by 1 & 3Ed.6. day or by night, any person being then in the fame houfe where the fame breaking heretofore hath been or hereafter shall be committed, and heretofore hath been or hereafter shall be therej by put in fear or dread; (3) or of or for robbing of any per-fon or persons in the highway, or near to the highway; or for felonious dealing of horfes, geldings or mares; (4) or of felonious taking of any goods out of any parilh church, or other church or chapel; (5) or being indtded or appealed of any of the fame offences, and thereupon found guilty by verdift of twelvomen, or shall confefcthe fame upon his or tneir arraignment, or will not anfwer diredly, according to the laws of this realm, or shall dand wilfully, or of malice mute, (6) shall not Clergy allow- be admitted to have or enjoy the privilege or benefit of his clergy cd in all other Qr fanduary, but shall be put from the lame: (7 And that in all other cafes of felony, other than such as are before mention-Sana*uariegX5 c<*> all and Angular person and persons, which after the firftday of March next coming shall be arraigned or found guilty upon his or their arraignment, or shall confefs the fame, or (brad mute, in form aforesaid, or will not anfwer diredly in form a-bovefaid, shall have and enjoy the privilege and benefit of bit or their clergy, the liberty and privilege of fanduary, in like manner and form as he or they might or should have done before the four and twentieth day of April in the first year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth.

Statutes made XI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority of^Kin af°re^a*di That all claufes, articles and fentences mentioned or H.^touching fpecified in any ad or ads of parliament, statute or statutes challenges and made in the time of the reign of the said late King Henry the foreign pleas. Eighth, touching or in any wife concerning any manner of challenge for the county, hundred, or peremptory challenge, or any of them, or touching or in any wife concerning any manner of trial of foreign pleas pleaded by murderers, felons or other offenders, (hall, as concerning the said challenges and trials, remain in their force and ftrength not repealed; any thing in this ad mentioned founding or feeming to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it ordained and enaded by the authority aforesaid. That this ad of parliament or any thing therein mentioned, as concerning the repeal of any eftatute or eftatutes made touching treafon or mifprifion of treafon, shall not in any wife give any manner of benefit, advantage or com-confided,out- modity to any person or persons, being the last day of Oflober tawed,attaint- jaft paft arreftedor imprifoned for treafon, petit treafon, ormif-tteafon. Pr^1Qn & treafon, or to any person or persons heretofore being

indi&ed

confirmed.

35 H. 8. c. 6. 4 H. 8. c. a. %i H. 8. c. %.

Thi* statute shall not extend to thole that be arreft-ed.impnfon-cd, indided,

 

Google

1547*3	Anno prlmo Edw.VI. c. 12.	265

mdi&ed of treafon, petit treafon, or mifprifion of treafon, or to any other person or persons being likewife convi&ed, outlawed or attainted of treafon, petit treaion, or mifprifion of treafon, or being fled beyond the feas or into Scotland^ before thefaidlaftday of October last part, for any treafon, petit treafon, or mifprifion of treafon; but that they and every of them shall fuffer such pains of death, lodes and forfeitures of lands and goods, as in cafes of treafon as though this a<5t had never been had or made; any thing in this a<5t to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and that the laws and statutes repealed by this ad shall (land againft them and every of them in full ftrength, virtue, force and effect concerning all and every offence by them or any of them heretofore committed or done.

Xffl. Provided also, and be it ordained and enafted by the wilful killing authority aforesaid. That all wilful killing by poifoning of any by poifoning person or persons, that at *ny time hereafter shall be done, per- .	ad‘

petrated or committed, shall be adjudged, taken and deemed	mur*

wilful murder of malice prepenfed 5 (2) and that the offenders , Bulftr. 87. therein, their aiders, abettors, procurers and counfellors shall Plowd. 4.73. fuffer death, and forfeit in every behalf, as in other cafes of wil- 4 Co* 47* ful murder of malice prepenfed. /

XIV.	And over that, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, a lord of the That in all and every cafe and cafes, where any of the King’s parliament majesty’s fubje&s shall and may, upon his prayer, have the pri- "jail have his yilege of clergy » a clerk convi<ft, that may make purgation ; m all thofe cafes and every of them, and also in all and every cafe felony,though and cafes of felony, wherein the privilege and benefit of clergy he cannot is reftrained, excepted or taken away by this statute or a<ft, (wil- read and with-fol murder and poifoning of malice prepenfed only excepted) out burnmS* the lord and lords of the parliament, and peer and peers of the realm, having place and voice in parliament, shall by virtue of this present a<ft, of common grace, upon his or their requeft or prayer, alledging that he is a lord or peer of this realm, and claiming the benefit of this a<5t, though he cannot read, without any burning in the hand, lofs of inheritance or corruption of hi$ blood, be adjudged, deemed, taken and ufed for the first time only, to all intents, conftrudlions and purposes, as a clerk convict, and shall be in cafe of a clerk convift, which may make purgation, without any further or other benefit or privilege of clergy to any such lord or peer from thenceforth at any time after for any caufe to be allowed, adjudged or admitted; any law, ftatute, ufage, cuftom, or any other thing to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XV.	Provided alwavs. That if any of the said lords of the Trial by peers parliament, or any of the peers of this realm for the time be- of a lord of the ing, shall fortune to be indidted of anv of the offences limited parliament, in this a6t; that then they and every or them shall have his or

their trial by their peers, as it hath been ufed heretofore in cafes of high treafon.

XVI.	And be it further  enacted by the authority afore- Bigamus al-(aid, That if any person or persons, that by this statute or by lowed hiscler-

any «y*

  LjOOqIc

266

i Jac. i. c. ir. Brook clergy ao.

4Ed. i. c. 5. The wife shall be endowed tho* her huf-band be attainted of treafon, See. Altered for high treafon by 5 & 6 Ed. C. c. n. f. 9. Dyer 97.

A confirmation of the ttatute 27 H. 8. c. 17. concerning a fer-vant taking his mailer's

2. c. 1.

21 H. 8.c. 7. 5 El.c. io.

Within what time after the offence committed the offender muft be accufed.

Anno primoiiDW. VL C. 1a,	[1547-

any other statutes or laws of this realm ought to have or be ad* mitted to the benefit of his or their clerey; that the lame person and persons shall be from henceforth admitted and allowed to have his or their clergy, although they or any of them have been divers and sundry times married to any (ingle woman or (ingle women, or to any widow or widows, or to two wives or more $ any law, statute or usage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XVII.	And over that it is ordained and ena&cd by the authority aforelaid. That albeit any person or persons of what eftate, condition or degree he or they be, shall hereafter fortune to be attainted, convidted or outlawed of any treafon, petit treafon, mifprifion of treafon, murder or felony whatibever, yet that notwithstanding, every woman that is or shall fortune to be wife of the person fo attainted, convidtad or outlawed, shall be endowable and enabled to demand, have and enjoy her dower in like manner and form as though her hufband had not been attainted, convi&ed or outlawed; any ftatute, law, usage or custom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: (2) Saving to all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceffors, and to every of them, (other than to such offender or offenders as lhall be attainted, convidted or outlawed) all such right, title, iniereft, entry, leafes, pofleffi-on, condition, profit, commodity and hereditaments, as they or any of them had or (hould or of right ought to have before or at the time of the (aid attainder, convidtion or utlagary.

XVIII.	Provided also, and be it  enacted by tne authority aforesaid, That one adt made at the parliament nolden at Wejl~ minfter upon divers prorogations the iv. day of February in the xxvij. year of the said late King Henry the Eighth, and there continued and kept until the xxiv. day of April then next enfuing, concerning and touching the felonious taking away by any fer-vant the goods or chattels of the mafter or miftrels, and all articles ana fentences contained in the fame adt, shall (land* be and remain in full ftrength, force and effedt, in such manner and formas it did before the making of this present adt; the repeal or revocation of the adts abovefaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	Provided alway, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall in any wife be impeached or put to anfwer for any of the offences arovefaid concerning treafon by open preaching or words only, unlefs the party, offender or offenders be thereof accufed within thirty days next after the fame open preaching or words fo fpoken or declared, if the accufers shall fortune to be within this realm, during the said fpace of thirty days next after the said offence committed or done : (2) and if the accufers shall happen to be out of this realm during the said fpace of thirty days, then the party or parties fo offending shall be accufed as is aforefiud, within fix months next after the fame preaching, or words fo fpoken or declared ; or elfe the party or parties fo offending,

2	their

  v^ooQle

| *5470 Anno primo Edw. VL c. 13, 14.	267

; their aiders, comforters, abettors and counfellors, or any of them^not to be impeached, or put to anfwer for any such offence or offences; (3) and that the fame accufationor accufations fo To whom the to be had, made and declared, shall be made to one of the accufation King’s council, or to one of the King’s justices of affife, or elfe muft ** raadc-to one of the King’s justices of peace, being of the quorum, or to two justices of the peace within the (hire where the fame offence or offences shall happen to be done or committed 5 any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

XX.	Provided also, and be it declared and enadled by the Keeping authority aforesaid. That concealment, or keeping fecret any fecr®t high high treafon, shall be from henceforth adjudged, deemed and

taken mifprifion of treafon, and the offender therein shall forfeit treafon. and fuffer as in cafes of mifprifion of treafon, as heretofore hath been ufed; any thing above mentioned to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXI.	Provided also, and be it declared and enadled by the The French

authority abovelaid, That this adt, or any thing therein con-	may

tained, mall not extend to charge, or make any person or per- be fo called, fons to be offender or offenders in any of the articles abovelaid,

for calling, naming, faying, writing or printing the French King for the time being, by the name of the King of France or French King; any thing above declared and enacted to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it eiladted by the authority No indictment aforesaid. That no penon or persons, after the first day of orarrai.gp-February next coming, shall be indidted, arraigned, condemned

or convidted for any offence of treafon, petit treafon, mifprifion or confeflion. of treafon, or for any words before fpecified to be fpoken after 1 & * Ph. Sc the fai i first day or February, for which the fame offender, 10. fpeaker, offenders or fpeakers, shall in any wife fuffer any pains of death, imprifonment, lofe or forfeiture of his goods, cnattek, y 5 lands or tenements ; unlefs the fame offender, fpeaker, offenders or fpeakers, be accufed by two fufficient and lawful witnefles, or fliaU willingly without violence confefs the fame.

CAP. XIII.

Afubfidy of tonnage and poundage granted to the King during 4- Inff 33*

his life.

CAP. XIV.

The aft for chantries collegiate.

THE Kiftg’s moji loving fubjefts, the lordsfpiritual and temporal, All chantries, and the commons, in this present parliament affembledy conftier-	be grant-

ittg that a great part of fuperjiition and errors in chrijlian religion t0 thc bath been brought into the mtnds and ejlimations of Meny by reafon crofjac. 51. of the ignorance of their very true andperfeft falvation through the Hob. 123. death ofjefus Chrijl, and by devifing and phantafying vain opinions Moor 865. of purgatory and mqffes fatisfaflory\ to be done for them which be de- 1 Ro11* ,5*» farted; the which doftrine and vain opinion, by nothing more is main- \ l6o# '

tained Goldfb. 93-*

  L.ooQle

Anno primo EdW. VI. C. 14.	[X547;

taitted and upholder than by the abufe of trentals, chantries, and other provifions made for the continuance of the said blindnefs and ignorance i f 2) and further tonfidering and undemanding, that the alteration, change and amendment of the fame, and converting to good and godly ufes, as in erebling of grammar fchools to the education of youth in virtue and godlinefs, the further augmenting of the waver-fities, and better provifion for the poor and needy, cannot in this pre-fent parliament be provided and conveniently done, nor cannot, ne ought to have any other manner person to be committed,than to the Kings 1 highness, whofe Jnajejly, with and by the advice of his Highnefs mofi prudent council, can and will moft wifely and beneficially, both for the honour of God^md the weal of this his Majestys realm, order, alter, con-A rehearfal vert and difpofe the fame; (2) and calling further to their remembrance, of thcftatutc that in the parliament hoiaen at Weftminfter the feven and thirtieth of 37 H. 8. year 0f fig reign 0f our fax foyereign lord King Henry the Eighth, the diffolation father to our mojl dread ana natural foyereign lord the King that now of chantries, is, it was ordained, enabled and ejlablijhed amontgfi other things. That Ac.	all and lingular colleges, free chapels, chantries, hojpitals, fraternities.

Stile 36, 3*. brotherhoods, guilds, ana other promotions mentioned in the said former • a51, had or made to have continuance in perpetuity for ever, and then being, or that had or ought to be contributory or chargeable to the payment of the firfi fruits and tenths, according to the laws andfiatutts in that behalf bad and made, by what name, fumame, degree or corporation, they or any of them were founded, ordained, ejlablijbd, t Bulft. 1*0. trefted, named, called or known: and all and fngular the manfm boufes, manors, orchards, gardens, lands, tenements, pajlures, woods, waters, rents, reverfotis, fervices, commons, tithes, penfions, portions, churches, chabels, advowfons, nominations, patronages, annuities, rights, interejts, entries, conditions, leets, courts, liberties, privileges, franchises and other hereditaments whatfoever, then appertaining or belonging, or that did appertain or belong, or were ajjigned or appointed to any such college, free chapel, chanUy, hojpital, fraternity, brotherhood, guild, Jlipendiary priefl,or other the said promotions, or to any of them, or accepted, known, or taken as part, parcel or ' member of them or of any of them, and to the said colleges, chantries, free chapels, hofpitals, fraternities, brotherhoods, guilds, JlipcnSary priejls, or other promotions, or to any of them united or annexed, which between the fourth day of February in the feven and twentieth year of the said late King's reign, and the five and twentieth day ef December in the feven and thirtieth of his Grace1 s reign, by reofen ef any entry, expulfion, bargain, fide, feoffment, fine, recovery, leafe, or other conveyance thereof made, were diffolved, determined or u-linquifbed by any of the ways, means or costveyances mentioned in the said abt, or otherwife, other than such of them as then were in the pofi fejjion of the said late King,, or that were granted or affured by his hoence, agreement, content or letters patents to any person or per-fons, or wen had been lawfully obtained or recovered by any person by any former right or title, without fraud or covin, or by the Kings licence, Jbould from thenceforth by authority of the fame former ably be adjudged and deemed, and aljfo be in the very ablual and real pef-feffion andfeifin of the said late King, and of his heirs and fmtjfm

f*

 

Google

J547-] Anno primo Edw.VI. c.14.	269

for every (4) in as large and ample manner as the said prie/ls, war* dens, minifiers, governorsy rulers or other incumbents, or any of themy or the patronsy donors or founders of any of themy at any time Jithence the fendfourth~day of February in the /even and twentieth year afore-faid, had occupied or enjoyed, or then had occupied or enjoyed the fame, and as though all and fingular the said colleges, chantriesy hofpitahy free chapehy fraternities, brotherhoodsy guilds and other the said promotions, and the said manorsy lands, tenements, hereditaments and other the premi/fes whatfoever they be, and every of them, had been in the said former aft fpedally, particularly and certainly rehearfed, named and exprejfed by exprefs words, names, fumames, corporations, titles and faculties, and in their natural kinds and qualities 5 the said entries, expulfions, bargains, fales, fines, feoffments, recoveries, or other a/furance and conveyance whatfoever they were, load or made (except before in the former aft excepted) to the contrary notwith-jlanding.

II.	And where also it was enafted and granted to the laid late The King’s King, by the said former aft, That the fame late King during his comroiflions natural life, might make and dire ft his commijjion and commijjions *°ccrtain P^-under his great feal, to enter into all and fingular such and as many jntochantHcs, chantries, free chapels, hofpitahy colleges, and other the promotions &c. their* mentioned in the faidformer aft, and into all and fingular such ma- lands.

Hors, manftons, houjes, meafes, lands, tenements, paftures, woods, 1 waters, rents, reverfions, fervices, pofie/fions and other hereditaments 3 Buft' l$lm whatfoever, or into any part or parcel thereof, in the name, feifin and po/ftjfion of all the hereditaments annexed, united, belonging or appertaining to any chantry, hofpital, free chapel, college, fraternity, brotherhood, guild, or other the said promotions or whereof any prie/ls, provofts, governors, rulers or other incumbents, of them or of any of them, by what name, fiurname, degree, title or corporation, they and every of them or any of them were founded, erefted, ordained, ejlab- Moor *63. pi. lijhed, named, called or known, then had or enjoyed, or that hereafter 4*3*65 3* Jbould have or enjoy, to the said chantries, hojpitals, free chapels, col- 9 leges, fraternities, brotherhoods, guilds and other the said promotions that then were chargeable to the payment of the firfi-fruits and tenths, and all colleges that were chargeable or not chargeable to the said pay-ment of the fir/l-fruits and tenths as is aforesaid, or to any of them, as Jbould be named, exprejfed and appointed in the fame commijjion or commijfions; (2 )andtofeiJeand take the fame chantries, hofpitals,colleges, ^DOr no. pU free chapels, fraternities, brotherhoods, guilds and other the find promo- 277.	*V

tions, manors, lands, tenements, and other the premijfes mentioned in 3 Leon. 114. the said commijjion or commijfions and in every of them, and every Colleges, frees-part, parcel and member of the fame, into the Ktngfs pojjejfion and hands, to have and to hold the fame to the said late King and to his heirs lands, given and fuccejfors for ever, as by the said former aft, amongjl other things, to the King. more at large appeareth: (3) it is now ordained and enacted by pi. *00. the King our fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords and E^gj3**/* commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au- tg7. 9	79

thority of the fame. That all manner of colleges, free chapels % Co. 49. and chantries, having been or in ejje within five years next be- 1	357-

fore the first 4ay of this present parliament, (which were not in * RolL

adtual

 

Lands and annual rents af-figned to the finding of a prieft to have continuance for ever, given to the King.

4 Co. 104,105.

Where lands have been given to the finding of priefts for years.

Anno primo EDifr.VI. C.14J,	[*547*

aftual and real pofleffion of the (aid late King, nor in the aftual and real pofleffion of the King our fovereign lord that now is, nor excepted in the said former aft in form abovefaid, other than such as by the King’s commiffions in form hereafter mentioned shall be altered, tranfpofed of changed) and all manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, peniions, portions and other hereditaments and things above mentioned, belonging to them or any of them: (4) and also all manors, lands, tenements, rents and other hereditaments and things above mentioned, by any manner of affurance, conveyance, will, devife, or otherwise had, made fuffered, knowledged or declared, given, afligned, limited or appointed, to the finding of any pried, to have continuance for ever, and wherewith or whereby any prieft was fuftained, maintained or found within five years next before the first day of this present parliament, (which were not in the aftual and real pofleffion ot the said late King, nor in the aftual and real pof-fcffion of our fovereign lord the King that now is) (5) and also aU annual rents, profits and emoluments, at any time within five years next before the beginning of this present parliament, employed, paid or bellowed, toward or for the maintenance, fupportation or finding of any ftipendiary prieft, intended by any aft or writing to have continuance for ever, (6) shall by the authority of this present parliament, immediately after the feaft of Eajter next coming, be adjudged and deemed and also be in the very aftual arid real pofleffion and feifin of the King our fovereign lord, and his heirs and fucfeeflors for ever, without any office or other inquifition thereof to be had or found, (7) and in as large and ample manner and form as the priefts, wardens, matters, ministers, governors, rulers, or other incumbents of them or any of them, at any time within five years next before the beginning of this present parliament, had, occupied or enjoyed, or now hath, occupieth or enjoyeth the fame, (8) and as though all and Angular the said colleges, free chapels, chantries, (Upends, falaries of priefts, and the laid manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments and other the premiffes, whatfoever they be, and every of them, were in this present aft fpecially, particularly and certainly rehearfed, named and expreffed by ex-prefs words, names, fumames, corporations, titles and faculties, and in their natures, kinds and qualities.

III.	And over that, be it ordained and enafted by the authority of this present parliament. That where any manors, lands, tenements, tithes, penfions, portions, rents, profits or other hereditaments, by any manner of affurance, conveyance, will, devife or otherwife, at any time heretofore had, made, differed, knowledged or declared, were given, affigned or appointed, to or for the maintenance, fuftentation or finding of one prieft or divers priefts, for term of certain years yet continuing, and that any prieft hath been maintained, fuftained or found with the fame, or with the revenues or profits thereof within five years last pad, that the King from the said feaft of Rafter .next coming, mall have and enjoy in every behalf, for and during

 

1547*1 Annoprimo Edw.VL c.14.	271

ing all such time tp come, every such and like things, tenements, hereditaments, profits and emoluments,as the pried or prieds ought or (hould have had for or toward his or their maintenance, fufte-nance or finding, and for no longer or further time, nor for any other profit, advantage or commodity thereof to be taken*

IV.	Provided always, and it is ordained and enalted by the He in rever-

authority of this present parliament,* That when and as foon as fionmayentw the time afiigned for the maintenance, fudentation or finding of expired! yC the pried or prieds, shall be expired and run, that then it mall p # V be lawful to every person and persons, to whom any manors,	'

lands, tenements, tithes, portions, penlions, rents and other hereditaments, or any of them, should have belonged or appertained if the said former aft and this alt had never been had

or made, to enter into, take, perceive, have and enjoy the fame, without any manner of livery, Oujler U maine, petition or other fuit to be made to the King, in like manner, form and condition, to all intents, condrultions and purposes, as though the laid former alt and this alt had never been had or made, and as though the King had never had any feifin or pofieflion thereof; any thing in the said former alt, or in this alt, to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it ordained and enalted by the authority of this Lands wholly present parliament. That the King our fovereign lord, his heirs giv?n to the and fucceflors, from the said feaft of Eqfler next coming, (hall

have, hold, perceive and enjoy for ever, all lands, tenements, 0 1' rents and other hereditaments, which by any manner of af- Co. Ent. 377, furance, conveyance, will, wills, devife or otherwife, at any Godb. 309. time heretofore had, made, fuffered, knowledged or declared, D>rer were given, afiigned or appointed to go or to be employed wholly to the finding or maintenance of any anniverfary or obit, or other like thing, intent or purpose, or of any lignt or lamp, in any church or chapel, to have continuance for ever, which hath been kept or maintained within five years next before the said first day of this present parliament.

VI.	And also that where but part of the ifiiies or revenues of 0fthe

any manors, lands, tenements, rents or other hereditaments, iffues of lands hath by any of the ways or means abovefaid been given, aflign- employed to ed or appointed to be beftowed or employed to the finding or th.e finding maintenance of any anniverfary or obit, or other like thing, in-	°	1	*

tent or purpose, or of any bght or lamp, in any church or Dyer 368. chapel, to have continuance for ever: that then our said fovereign lord the King shall from the said feaft of Eafler next coming for ever have, perceive and enjoy every such fums of money,

that in any one year within five years next before the first day of this present parliament, hath been expended and beftowed about the finding or maintenance of any such anniverfary or obit, or other like thing, intent or purpose, of any light or lamp, to him, his heirs and fucceffors for ever, as a rent-charge to be paid yearly at the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, and the annunciation of our lady St. Mary the virgin, by even portions in the King’s court of the augmentations and revenues of

  v^ooQle

The King's diftreTs for the rent and entry for default thereof.

Money given to the finding of a prieft, obit, lamp, Bght, by a corporation

The King may diftnun for the money or profit.

Anno primo Edw.VL C. 14.	[1547.

his crown, or in any other court or courts, as the King hereafter shall appoint. (2) And that it shall be lawful to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucccflbrs, for non-payment of any such fum or fums of money, to diftrain in the said manors, lands and tenements, of the iffues and revenues whereof the said anniverfary or obit, or other like thing, or any such light or lamp was found, fuftained or maintained: (3) and that for lack of Sufficient diftrefs, in or upon any of the premifles, whereof any of the said yearly rents or fums of money should be paid, by the fpace of one month next after that any of the said rents (hould be paid, and be not paid within the said month : that then it shall be lawful to and for our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors, by virtue of this present ad, to enter into, and to have and poflefs as much of the lands, tenements and hereditaments whereof the said rent or rents (hould be levied or paid, as the rent or rents that (hould be levied or paid out of the fame doth or shall amount or come to in yearly value, and the fame lands, tenements and hereditaments, to hold and keep, and to have to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and affigns for ever, or for such eftate as our fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fuceeffors, had or ought to have had of or in the (aid rent or rents.

VII.	And it is also ordained and enabled by the authority of this present parliament, That our fovereign lord thi King maH from the faidfeaft of Eafter next coming have, perceive and enjoy, all and Angular such fums of money, profits, commodities and emoluments, which by virtue of arty manner of affurancev conveyance, compofition, will, device or otherwife, heretofore have been given, afligned, limited or appointed to have continuance for ever, which in any one year within five years next before the' beginning of this present parliament have been paid, beftoVred or employed by any manner of corporations, guilds, fraternities, companies or fellowlhips of myfteries or crafts, or any of them, being in England, Wales and other the King’s dominions, or by the matters, wardens, governors or other officers or ministers, or by the matter, warden, governor or other officer or minifterof them or any of them, toward or about the finding, maintenance orfuftentation of any prieft or priefts, oF any anm-verfary or obit, lamp, light or lights, or other like thing Us is afbrelaid, to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fiic-ceffors for ever, to be paid yearly as a rent-charge at the feafts of faint Michael the archangel and the annunciation of our Lady, by even portions, in the King’s court of the augmentations and revenues of his crown, or in any other court or courts, as the King hereafter shall appoint.

VIII.	And that it shall be lawful to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuceeffors, for non-payment of any such film or fums of money, profit, commodity or emolument, or for nonpayment of any or them, to diftrain in all the manors, lands and tenements, of every such crafts, corporations, guilds, fraternities, companies ot fellowfhips of myfteries or crafts, or any

of

  v^ooQle

1547*3	Anno	prfmo	E1>W.VL c.14,	273

of them, by whom, or by the mailers, wardens, governors or other officers or ministers, or mailer, warden, governor or mi-nifter, of the which any such fum or films of money, profit^ commodity or emolument, have or hath been paid," bellowed ot employed : (2) and that all and every of the laid fums of money, profits, commodities and emoluments, (hail from the feaft of jSofter next coming, without any manner of inquifition or office to be had or found, be judged and deemed to be in the adual and real pofleffion of our said fovereign lord the King* in like manner and form to all intents, conftru&ions and pur-pofes, as if the fame had been particularly and fpecially mentioned in this present a£l.

IX.	And furthermore be it ordained and enabled by the au- Fraternities, thority aforesaid. That the King our fovereign lord shall from brotherhoods the said feaft of Eqfter next coming have and enjoy to him, his ^ventotha heirs and fucceflbrs for ever, all fraternities, brotherhoods and King, guilds, being jvithin the realm of England ahd fValts, and other

the King’s dominions; and all manors* lands, tenements and other hereditaments belonging to them or any of them (other than such corporations, guilds, fraternities, companies and fel-lowlhips of myfteries or crafts, and the manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments pertaining to the said corpora- ^ turns, guilds, fraternities, companies and fellowfhips of inyf-teries or crafts above mentioned) (2) and shall by virtue of this adt be judged and deemed in the adlual and real pofleffion of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflbrs, from the said feaft of Eafler next coming, for ever, without any inquifition or office thereof to be had or found.

X.	And be it ordained and enabled by the authority afore-

Jaid, That our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuc- J^dtofcvo-ceflors, at his and their will and pleafure may diredl his and raj persons, their commiflion and commiflions under the greatfealof England and what their to such persons as it shall please him : (2) and that the fame j!u$?rity commiffioners, or two of them at the lead, shall have full bc* power and authority by virtue of this adt, and of the said coffi-miflion, as well to furvey all and Angular lay-corporations, guilds, fraternities, companies and fellowfliips of myfteries or crafts incorporate, and every of them, as all other the said fra- # temides, brotherhoods and guilds within the limits of their commiflion to them directed, (3) and all the evidences, com-pofitions, books of accompts and other writings of every of them, to the intent thereby to know what money and other things was paid or bellowed to the finding or maintenance of any pfieft or priefts anniverfary or obit, or other like thing* light of lamp, by them or any of them : (4) as also to enquire, fearch and try by all such ways and means as to them shall be thought meet and convenient, what manors, lands, tenements* rents and other hereditaments* profits* commodities, emoluments and other things, be given, limited or appointed to ouf Cud fovereign lord the King by this act, within the limits of their commiflion,

Vol. V. '	T	XI.	And	s

  LjOOQ le

or ter. Endowment of a vicar.

&74	Anno primo Edw.VI. c.14.	tf547*

Landsafligned XI. And also that the fame commiflioners, or two of them at ^ by virtue of this aft, arid of the commifiion to them of a preacher directed shall have full power and authority to affign, and shall fcnoolmaf- appoint (in every such place where guild, fraternity, the prieft or incumbent of any chantry in f/Je> the first day or this present parliament, by the foundation, ordinance, or the first ififtitu-tion thereof, mould or ought to have kept a grammar fchool or a preacher, and fo hath done fithen the feaft of St. Michael the archangel last paft) lands, tenements and other hereditaments of every such chantry, guild and fraternity, to remain and continue in fucceflion to a fchoolmafter or preacher for ever, for and toward the keeping of a grammar fchool or preaching, and for such godly intents and purposes, and in such manner and form, as the lame ,commiflioners, or two of them at the lead, shall affign or appoint: (a) and also to make and ordain a vicar to have perpetuity for ever in every parifh church, the first day of this pre-%	lent parliament being a college, free chapel or chantry, or ap-

propriated, annexed or united to any college, free chapel or chantry, that shall come to the King's hanas by virtue of this aft, and to endow every such vicar fufficiently, having refped to his cure and charge $ the fame endowment to be to every such vicar, and to his fucceffors for ever, without any other licence or grant of the King, the bifhop, or other officers of Aligning one the diocefe. (3) And also the said commiflioners, or two of or morepriefts them at the leaft, shall have authority by force of this aft, to and lands for lTi cvery great town or parilh, where they shall think their main- neceflary to have more priefts than one, for the miniftring of the facraments within the fame town or parifh, lands and tenements belonging to any chantry, chapel or ftipendiary prieft, being within the lame town or parifh the first day of this present parliament, to be to such person and persons, as the said com-miffioners, of two of them at the leaft, shall affign or appoint to continue in fucceflion for ever, for and towards the fufficient finding and maintenance of one or more priefts within the fame town or parifli, as by the said commiflioners, or two of them, shall be thought neceflary or convenient: (4) and as well to make ordinances and rules concerning the fervice* ufe and demeanor of every such prieft and fchoolmafter, as is aforesaid, to be appointed, as also by what na;ne or names he and they shall from henceforth be named and called. (5) And also that the said commiflioners, or two of them at the leaft, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this aft, and of the said com-miflion to them direfted, to affign as w ell to every dean, mafter, warden, provoft, and other incumbent and minifter of any of f the said colleges, free chapels or chantries, being within the chant^yt&Z ^m*ts °f their commiflion, which hereafter shall be diflolv^d or diffolvcd, * determined by virtue of this aft, as to every ftipendiary prieft and other prieft, whofe falary the King shall be intituled unto by this aft, as to every fellow and poor parfon having yearly relief out of any of the faia colleges, free chapels or chantries being within the limits pf thejr commiflion^ such feveral yearly annuities,

2	petitions

ttnance.

Yhe eom-miflioners /hall affign yearly pennons to every governor, fellow and fer-

  Google

15+7.3	Anno	primo	Edw.VI. c. 14.	a	7^

penflons or other recoin peaces daring their feveral lines, tsto the feme commiflioners, or two of them, shall he thought moet and convenient.

XII.	And over that, the said commiffiontrs, or two of them Money or at the lead, shall have full power and authority by virtueof.this yearly benefit aA, and of the commiflion to them direded, to enquire and try tor_ by such ways and means as they shall think meet and convex fons^utofa meaty what money, profit and benefit any poor person or per- chantry, &cf fans by virtue of any conveyance, afliirance, edmpofition, will,^a-l.herQ device, or otherwife, heretofore had or made, intended or meant

to have continuance for ever, had or enjoyed within five years an pai *

next before the beginning of this profent parliament, out of any

college, free chapel or chantiy, and other the premifles, given,

limited or appointed to the King by this ad, being within the

limits of their commiflion; (2) and thereupon to make aflign-

anents and orders in such manner and form as all and Angular

inch said money, profit and commodity shall be paid to .poor

people for ever, according to (uch said aflurance, compofition,

will, device, or other thing had or made for the fame; and to

jiffign and appoint lands, tenements or other hereditaments,

parcel of the premifles, for the .maintenance and continuance of

the feme for ever: (?) and also to appoint to fraternities, landsaffigneil

brotherhoods and guilds, lands, tenements and hereditament^, towards the

parcel of the premifles, towards and for (he maintenance of maintenance

piers, jutties, walls or banks againft the rages of the fea, havens °n j banks of

and creeks. (4) And that all and Angular annuities, penflons, the fest*

and other recompences shall be half-yearly paid to the persons

to whom the fame ought to be paid, by the King's receiver for

the time being, of his lands commonly called the fupprefied,

lands, or other his revenues, lying in the county or city where

iiich college, free chapel or chantry, or other the premifles,

given, limited or appointed to the King by this asft, the firft

day of this present parliament were or remained, without any

fee or reward therefore to be paid: the first payment to be

begun at the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming: ’

(5) and that every such receiver, upon his accompt, shall have 4uU ai>d due allowance of all such annuities, penflons and other recompences by him paid, by virtue of any fitch aflignment ta be made by tne laid commiflioners, or two of them at the Icaft.

XIII.	And it is ordained and  enacted by the authority of this The com* present parliament. That the said commiflioners,. and every of mittioners ob-them, that shall take upon him the execution of any of the laid hgation to th*. commiflions, shall be bound, as he will anfwer before God, to execution of execute the commiflion to him and other directed, .beneficially the commit-towards the deans, mailers, wardens, provofts and other incum- Com towards, bents and miniflers aforefeid, and towards the poor people, con- the deans* ceming the said aflignments, and also toward the maintenance of * piers*juttiesywalls or banks againft the rages of the fea, havens and

creeks. (2) and that all manner of aflignments and ordinances The force ofi to he made by the said commiflioners, or two of them at the ^n^smalflig‘n%

T 2	lead,	fpents and

ordinances.



No office*, annuity or penfion, shall extend to more than it did before.

His penfion shall ceafe that is promoted to a better living.

The com-miffioners certificate of lands aflign-ed to the ufes aforesaid.

The King shall have the goods of every college, chantry, &c. Latch. 3?.

Anno primo Edw.VI. c. 14.	[1547.

leaft, and certified under their feals, or the feal9 of two of them at the leaft, into the King’s court of the augmentations and revenues of his crown, or to any other court or courts, by the King’s majesty to be made or afligned, shall by virtue of this ad, and of the said commitflons, be as good and effedual in the lawv to all intents, conftru&ions and purposes, as though the fame had been aligned and ordained by authority of this pre-fent parliament, by exprefs and apt words, terms and fentences.

XIV.	Provided also, That such annuities, penfions or other recompences, that the said commiflioners, or any of them, shall afiign or appoint to be paid yearly to any such dean, maftcr, warden, governor or other incumbent, fellow or minifter, shall not extend to any more clear yearly value, than such dean, matter, warden, provoft, governor or other incumbent, fellow or minifter, or his predeceffor, lawfully had and enjoyed in money, meat, drink, livery or allowance of the fame yearly, within five years next before the beginning of this present parliament.

XV.	Provided alfo. That if any of the said matters, wardens, provofts, governors or other incumbents, fellows or ministers, shall at any time hereafter during his life be promoted by -the King to any benefice or other fpiritual promotion, being of a better clear yearly value than his said annuity or penfion, or other recompence shall be of* that then the annuity, penfion or other recompence, that any such dean, mafter, waiden, governor, provoft or other incumbent, fellow or minifter that shall be fo promoted shall have, shall immediately after such promotion had, ceafe and utterly determine.

XVI.	And be it ordained and enabled by the authority of this present parliament. That the said commiflioners, or two of them at the leaft, to whom any commiflion by virtue or mean of this a& shall be dirc&ed and delivered, shall be bounden upon the forfeiture, every of them of an hundred pound, to make certificate under their feals, or the feals of two of them at the leaft, into the said court of the augmentations and revenues of the King’s crown, or into any other court, as is aforesaid, within one year next after the commiflion to them directed, of all manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, portions, penlions, hereditaments and recompences, by the fame commiflioners or two of them afligned or appointed to any of the ufes, intents or purposes above mentioned.

XVII.	And also be it ordained and enafted by the authority oPthis present parliament, That our fovereign lord the King shall have and enjoy all such goods, chattels, jewels, plate, ornaments and other moveables, as were or be the common goods of every such college, chantry, free chapel or ftipendiary prieft, belonging or annexed to the furniture or fervices of their feveral foundations, or abufed of any of the said corporations in the abufes aforesaid, the property whereof was not altered nor changed before the eighth day of December in the year of our Lord God 1547.

XVIII. And

  Google

1547*]	Anno primo Edw.VI. c.r4."	277

XVIII.	And it is also ordained and enatfted by the authority The debts of of this present parliament. That all such debts and fums of

money, as ought or (hould without fraud or covin hereafter be King! * ° paid of the money or goods of any of the said colleges, due or payable by reafon of any contract, fpecialty or promife had or made before the fame eighth day, shall truly and fully be paid by the treafurer of the King’s court of the augmentations and revenues of his crowa, or by the treafurer or receiver of any other court to which any of the premifles shall be appointed, of the King's treafurer, being in his or their hands, with as convenient fpeed as the fame may be paid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it ordained and enabled by To which col-, the authority aforesaid. That this a<ft, or any article, cJaufe or

matter contained in the fame, lhall not in any wife extend to extend, any college, hoflel or hajl, being within either of the univer-fities of Cambridge and Oxford $ (2) nor to any chantry founded in any of the colleges, hoftels or halls, being in the lame uni-verfities ; (3) nor to theTree chapel of St. George the martyr, fituatein the caftle of lVindfor\ (4) nor to the college called St. Marin college of IVintheJlcr bcfidcs Wincbejier, of the foundation of bilhop IViclham; (5) nor to the college of Eaton, (6) nor to the parilh church commonly called the chapel in the fee in Newton, within the ifle of Ely in the county of Cambridge;

(7) nor to any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments to them or any of them pertaining or belonging; (8) nor to any chapel made or ordained for the eafe of the people dwelling diilant from the parifh church, or such like chapel whereunto no more lands or tenements tnan the church-yard, or a little houfe or clofe doth belong or pertain ; (9) nor to any cathedral Cathedra! * church or college where a bifhop’s fee is, within this realm of ^”rc^e# England or in JVales, nor to the manors, lands, tenements or chantries*0* other hereditaments of any of them, other than to such chan- obits, lamps tries, obits, lights and lamps, or any of them, as at any time or lights have within five years next before the beginning of this present par- **CI1 main-liament h£ve been had, ufed or maintained within the said ca- ame thedral churches, or within any of them, or the iflues, revenues or profits of any of the said cathedral churches, to which chantries, obits, lights and lamps, it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this adt shall extend.

XX.	And it is ordained and  enacted by the authority afore- The King faid. That our fovereign lord the King, at any time during his may alter the life (which God long preferve) may at his will and pleafure al-

ter and change the name or names of all and firtgular chantries, c 1111 es’ and the foundations of the fame, being in any of the colleges, boftels or halls of any of the said univerfities, according as to his eodly wifdom shall be thought meet and convenient i

XXI.	Saving to all and every perion and persons, bodies po- The right of

litick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, and the heirs ^ra"8crs and fucceffors of every of them (other than the mafters, war- ^0\\9 ,t| dens, ministers, governors, rulers, priefts, incumbents, fellows 314. '	*

Ity) brethren of the said colleges, chantries, free chapels, and

T 3	other

?»

 

Google

Anno primo Edw.VI. C.14.	[154/*

other the premifles, given, limited or arppointed to the King by this aft and the fiicceffbrs of them and every of them ; (2 ) arid other than (rich as be or pretend to be founders, patrons or donors of the premifl&s or any of them, or of any part or parcel thereof, and the heirs, fucceflbrs and affigns of every or any of them i (3) and other than such as be or were feoffees, reco-verees, conifees, grantees or devifees of any of the premifles, to or for any of the ufes, purposes or intents above mentioned, t>r to the ule of any of the said colleges, free-chapels, cljantrieS, Of other the premifles, given, limited or appointed by this aft to the King, or to the intent to employ the rents or promts thereof to the ufe of the matters,, rulers, incumbents or ministers of them or any of them ^ (4) arid other than such person and perrons and bodies politick and corporate, their heirs fucceflbrs and affigns, as claim or pretend to have eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, pofleffion or condition, of, in or tb the premifles or any part or parcel thereof, by reafon of any feoffment, fine, bargain and fale, or by any Other ways, means Or Conveyance to them tnade of any eftate of inheritance, without the said late King’s licence, aflent, ponfent or agreement, and without the licence, aflent or agreement of the King’s majesty that now is, by any of the said deans, matters, wardens, ministers, governors, rulers, priefts or incumbents, or by the founders, donors or patrons of them or of any of them) ($) all such right, title, claim, pofleffion, intereft, rents, annuities, commodities, commons, offices, donor*foun^ ^ee^> Ieafes> liveries, livings, pertfions, portions, debts, duties der and go-" and other profits, which they or any of them lawful have, or rnor of a of right ought to have, or might have had, in, of or to any of college, chan- the premifles, of in, of ot to any part or parcel thereof^ in such py*er a a bke manner, form and Condition, to all intents, refpefts, con-y a*1# ftruftions and purposes, as if this aft had never been had or made, and as though the said chantries, colleges, and other the laid promotions, had ftill continued and remained in their full being j (6) and faving to all and every patron, donor, founder or governor of any such college, chantry, free chapel, ftipendiary priefts, and other the premifles, given, limited or appointed to the King by this aft, and the donor, feoffor and giver of the aforefaia lands, tenements or hereditaments, to them or any of them, or to any ufes or purposes before mentioned, (7) all luch rents-fervices, rents-feck, rents-charge, fees, annuities, profits and offices ; and also all leafes for term of life, lives and years* whereupon the accuftomed rent or more is referved, as they or any of them lawfully had, perceived and enjoyed in, out or of any of the Taid promotions, or out of any of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments, before the firlt day of this present parliament.

Every person XXII. And over that, it is ordained and enafted by the au-that ”a*h thority of this present parliament. That all arid every' person anc* Per^0I>s being in life, which have ot hath for any film of by this aft, money to him or them paid, bargained or fold any manors, shall repay t£e lands, tenements or other hereditaments aforesaid, whereunto money.	the

Certain rents and duties

  Google

,547*J Anno primo Enw.VI. c.14.	27^

the King pur fovereign lord is intituled by virtue of this adf,

(hall repay to such person as To bought any of the said manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, or to his executors or a/flgns, upon a reqUeft therefore made, or within three months then next enfuing the fame requeft, as much money a$ he or they received* for the Tale of any thing To by him or them fold;

(2) and for ^non-payment thereof foch person and persons as purchafed or bought the said lands, tenements and other the premifles, or any parcel thereof, and their executors and admi-niflrators, shall be enabled by the authority of this present parliament to foe and maintain an adtion of debt at the common law of this realm, againft foch person or persons as fo bargained dr fold to him or them, or to their teftator, any of the premifles belonging to any college, chantry, free chapel or other promotion fpiritual 5 in which adtion of debt none pflbin, protedfion or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed,

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, AH ebantnet.

That all and every of the said chantries, colleges and free ^ej^n^C|hall chapels, and other tne premifles, given, limited or appointed to	or-1

the King by this adt, and all the manfion-houfes, manors, der of the lands, tenements, pofleflions and hereditaments, and other the court of aug. premifles whatfoever they be, given, limited and appointed to wnUpops. the King by this adt, and every part and parcel of them, which

by authority and virtue of this adt been Vetted, adjudged and deemed, or shall be in the King's majesty's poflefiion ana hands, or which the King shall be inntuled unto by virtue of this adt,

(hall be in the order, furvey and governance of our fovereign lord the King's court or the augmentations and revenues of his crown, of in such other court as the King at any time hereafter fhaH aflign, name or appoint, and fo shall and may be granted, letten ahd fet to farm by the chancellor, officers and mi-nifters of the fame court, or or any other court fo to be appoints ed, in such manner and form as other manors, lands and tenements appointed to the fame court of augmentations and revenues of his Grace's crown, or other court fo to be appointed,’ been to be granted or letten : (2) and that all the farms, iflues, revenues ana profits coming and growing of the fame premifles, and of every part thereof, fhaH be taken and received to the King’s ufe, by the officers and ministers of the fame court or courts, in such manner and form as is ufed and had of other manors, lands and tenements, and of the iflues, revenues and profits of the fame, committed to the order, rule, furvey and governance of the said court of the augmentations and revenues of the King’s crown, or any other court fo to be appointed; any adV, ttatute, ordinance, custom or ufe heretofore had, made or ufed to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Leafes made That if any of the said matters, wardens, ministers, rulers, go- norgh*0f vemofs, priefts, incumbents or owners of any such college, fcrvln^the' chantry, free chapel or of any the premifles given, limited or eld rent fhaty appointed fo the King by this adt, or of any of them* fithence ** void.

' r '	,	T4	tJlC	*	Roll. 1QJU

Anno primo Epw.VI. C.14.’	[1547,

the three and twentieth day of November in thexxxvii. year of the reign of the said late King, have made any leafe under his or their common feal qr otherwife, for term of years, life or lives, of their said colleges, chantries, free chapels or of other the fame premifles or of any part thereof, Or of any manors, lands, tenements, pofleflions or hereditaments whatfoever they be, to to them or to any of them united or annexed, belonging or appertaining, upon the which leafes the ufual and old rents and farms accuftomed to be yielden and neferved, or more, by the fpace of twenty years next before the said three and twentieth day of Novembery are not referved and yielden, shall be utterly void and of none effed : (2) and that all other leafes and grants heretofore made of any of the premifles given, limited or appointed to the King by this ad, shall be as good, available and effedual m the law, to all intents, conftrudions and purposes as if this ad had never been had or made; any thing in this ad, or any other ad heretofore had or made, tp the contrary thereof 1	ip any wife notwithstanding.

Lands whereof	XXV. Provided always, and be it farther ordained and

Slnvcoir|e°rS ena^e^ by the authority ?forefaid. That this ad or any thing &awej*fe?fed therein contained shall not extend to any manors, lands, te-to their own nements, poileflions or hereditaments, which the said matters, wardens, ministers*, chantry priefts, incumbents or other the laid’governors, officers, ministers or rulers of the premifles or of any of them, hath qr is or hereafter shall have or bepoflefled qr feifed of in fee-fimple, fee-tail general or fpecial, for term of life, term of years, or otherwife, to his or their own proper ufes, by inheritance qr purchafe, and not being at any time united or annexed to his of their said colleges, free chapels, f	chantries	or other the premifles given, limited or appointed to

&e. hot grant- the Kbig by this ad : (2) nor shall extend to any manors, lands, edbyKingH.s. tenements, pofleflions,, rents, annuities and yearly penfionor or by the King penfions, or to any yearly fum or fums of money, being not fhat now is. united or parcel ot any of the said colleges and other the pre?

mifles aforesaid, or any of therq, heretofore given or granted by the (aid late King, or given or granted, or hereafter to bo given or granted by the King our fovereign lord, to any of the fetid d$ans, matters, wardens, ministers, chantry priefts, in-^ cumbeqt?, governors or rulers of the premifles or of any of them, for term of life only, under his great feal of Enghndy or under the feal of the court of the augmentations and revenues of the King’s crown, or any other or the King’s feals of any of his courts \ any thing contained in this ad to the contrary in any jwife notwithstanding.

Every person XXVI. Provided alway, and be it enaded by the authority which had aforesaid. That as well all and every patron^ donor, founder rent °r yearly ailcj g|ver 0f any of the said promotions or premifles, or giver,

ufes.

Land, annuities, &c. not united to the

profit out ot the lapds of any chantry.

donor or feoffor of any their lands, tenements, pofleffiops or other hereditaments, as all and every person and persons, bodies &c. (hallenjoy politick and corporate, which before the making of this a£h

lawfully without fraud or covin had or enjoyed any iqahnerot »yer3T3* * ‘	.	v	4	^

i Co. 47-	-

Jletlcy28,44.

 

Google

2 81

1547.] Anno prime Edw.VI. c.14.

rent or other yearly profits to be taken, perceived or had of any chantries, colleges, free chapels, or other the premifles given, limited or appointed to the King by this aft, or out of any manors, lands, tenements or other poflcffions of them or any of them, shall have and enjoy the fame in like manner and form as they ihould or ought to nave done, if the said colleges, chantries, free chapels and other the premifles given, limited or appointed to the King by this aft, had dill remained and continued in ejfe and full being j any thing in this aft mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided alio, and be it enaifted by the authority If a governor aforesaid. That if any such governor, ruler, warden, matter, in- havc*j°*w. cumbent, minifter or other, having any of the said fpiritual promotions, or incumbents, have or shall compound for the the payment firft-fruits of any such fpiritual promotions, according to the thereof shall laws and statutes of this realm, and the days of payment of any part thereof not expired before the first day of this parliament, that all ^ums of money fo to be due and payable fitbence the (aid'firft day of this parliament, shall ceafe and be not paid alked or demanded ; any bond, recognizance, furety or other thing had pr made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVni. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Money pay-aforefaid. That all such rents, fervices, ifliies, profits and other aWc of thc fums of money payable out of or for any of the premifles, or y^yj”tathc any of them, in the King's court of exchequer, (nail continue exchequer, ana be continually and yearly levied, charged or paid in the feme court, in such manner and form as heretofore hath been, ufed; any law, cuftom, unity of pofleflion in the King's high-ijefe, or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding, and as diough the said promotions, manors, lands, tenements and other the premifles had not come to the King's hands or pof-feflion.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Aflurances feid. That all and every letters patents made by the laid late made by King King Henry the Eighth, or by the King’s majesty that now is, H. s.or King or hereafter to be made' by his Highnefs, to any person or ^ jfcenc^of persons, or to any ajrchbifhop qr birtiop, of any of the said eitherof them, colleges, chantries, free chapels or other the premifles, or any of any col-part or parcel pf them, or of any lands, tenements or heredi-	or

ttments belonging or appertaining, or that did belong or ap- thc*r lands* pertain to them or to any of them, and all fines, gifts, grants, feoffmepts, recoveries and all other aflurances and conveyances thereof had or made by the aflent, confent or licence under the great feal of England, of the said late King Henry the Eighth,

©r of the King’s majesty that now is, to any person or persons, bodies politico or corporate, by any chantry prieft, matter, garden, minifter, ruler, governor, or other having any of the said promotions, of any of the said colleges, chantries, free phapels or other tAe premifles, or anv of them, or of any part, parcel or member of the fame, shall (land and be in their forces jind effefts, and shall bp good and eJFeftual in the law for fuch

eftatef

 

Google

282	Anna primo Ebw.VI, c.i4* [i547.

•dates and interefts given, grantee), limited or appointed in any of the gifts, grants, a(furances or conveyances thereof had or made, according to their purport, form and matter, apd according to the t^ue intent and meaning of the feme afluiances, (2) and shall be by authority of this a<St good, perfedt and available, as well againft the King, his heirs and fucceflbrs, as againft the said chantry priefts, wardens, mailers, rulers, governors and other having any of the said promotions, and their fucceflbrs and the fucceflbrs of every of them, as also againft the founders, donors and patrons of the fame, and the ordinary

........ of them an<) of every of them, and the heirs and fucceflbrs

, of every of them; any law, ftatute, ordinance or other thing Cq the contraiy thereof notwithftandirig.

XXX.	And where divers and sundry bijhops, deans, archdeacon Ireafureri, prebendaries, chantry priefts, maflers, provofis, rulers, governors of any deanaries, archaeanaries, treafurerjhips, prebends, free chapels, chanterics or colleges within this realm of England and tther the King's majefifs dominions, or any of the patrons, founders, donors of any of the bijhopricks, treafurerjhips, deanaries, chantries, free chapels or other the said spiritual promotions, of their voluntary wills or minds, for divers good tmd reafonable caufes and confidera-tions, by deed or deeds enrolled, cr by other writings or conveyances, heretofore given and granted to the lath King of famous memory, Henry the Eighth late King England, and to his heirs, or to our fovereign )ord the King that now is, and to hit heirs, divers of their deanaries, archdeaconries, treafurerjhips, prebends, chapels, chantries and colleges, or any other ecclefiafiical or fpiritual promotions hjl before remembered; and all or fome part of tht manors, lands, tent-mentSy tithes, penfions, annuities, rentsy r ever font and other revenues* hereditaments, pojfejfions, emoluments ana profits to the fame bijbopricks, deanaries, archdeaconries, treafurerjbips, prebends, chapels, chantries, colleges and other like promotions, benefices, offices and dignities, or to any . of them belonging, appertaining, united or annexed, or which the Jaid bijhops% deans, archdeacons, treafurers, chantry priefis, maflers, provofis, rulers, governors and other ecclefiafiical or fpiritual officers or minifiers, or any of the said patrons, donors or founders or any of them7 bad or enjoyea in the right, or by reafon of yny of the fame promotions, effices or dignities«

A tonfirmati- XXXI. Be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all on ofallgrants and every gifts and grants heretofore made to the (aid late made to the ^ing and to his heirs, or to our fovereign lord the King that foimual pro- now *s al^ t0 heirs, by any archbifliop, bilhop, dean, rnettiombythe archdeacon, tr^afurer, prebendary, mafter, provoft, governor governors or other the said ecclefiaftica) or fpiritual person or persons, thereof. or by any patrons, donor or founder of any of the said dean* 'ii Co. 78. arifcs, chantries or other of the said fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotions, or of all or any of the manors, lands, tenements, tithes, rents, reverfions, penfions, portions, annuities or other hereditaments, revenues, emoluments, profits or commodities 'to any of the said benefices, offices, pretends, promotions or 'djgnities belonging, appertaining, united or annexed, or vfhicfi

  C 3gle

*547-1 Aw» primaEi>w.VJ# c.14.	a8j

any of the fame archbdhops, btfhops,deans, archdeacons, trea-furers, matters, provofts, prebendaries, rulers, governors, officers or ministers, patrons, founders or donors, had or enjoyed or have or enjoy, or ought to have or enjoy in the right, or by reafon or means of fan y of the fame promotions, offices or dignities, shall he good and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes: (2) faving to all and every person and a faring of persons and bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fuccef- the right ot fore and afligns, and to the heirs, (ucceflbrs and affigns of others, every of them (other than the archbifliops, bithops, deans, archdeacons, treafurers, prebendaries, rulers, governors, waiw dens, provofts, givers and granters of any ot the premi&s, and their heirs, fucceffors and affigns; and other than such ecclefiaftical or fpiritual perfon, bodies politick or corporate, as are or pretend to be founders, donors, patrons or ordinaries of the premifles, or any of them) (3) all such rights, titles, interefts, claims, entries, rents, reversions, remainders, fees, offices, annuities, lands, tenements, hereditaments, profits, commodities and emoluments, as they or any of them have or (hould or ought to have had, of, in or to the premiffes next above mentioned or any part thereof, as if this aft had never been had or made; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXII.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing there- This aft exin contained, shall not in any wife extend to make good or tendeth not tv effedual any gift, grant, bargain, faie,or alienation made by any aPaifon parfon or vicar of their parfonages or vicarages, or of any part or vlclr* parcel thereof, or of jmy thing to them or any of them belonging

or appertaining.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo. That thi9 ad, or any thing therein Lord Cobham contained, shall not in any wife extend to hinder or prejudice for the college George Brook, knight, lord Cobham, his heirs or affigns, for or °*Cobbanu concerning the late college of Cobham in the county of Kent, or

the manors, l^nds, tenements, or pofleflions thereof; any thing above mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwith-(hmding.

XX aIV. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority This shall not aforesaid. That this present ad, nor any thing therein con- extend to the tained; shall in any wife extend or be prejudicial or hurtful to coiporationof the general corporation of any city, borough or town within this realm, or any other the King*s dominions, ne shall ex- town, tend to any the lands or hereditaments of them or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority Colleges, aforesaid. That all such of the said colleges, free chapels, chan- chantries. See. tries or other the premifles, being appointed and given to the Y**1?*11 5 King’s highness by the authority or this ad, as be within CaJter.° the duchy of Lama/er^ and all manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments pertaining or belonging to the fame colleges, free chapels, and chantries, shall after the said feaft of Eajler

next

 

284	Anno	primo	Ebw.VI.	c.14.	[1547.

next coming, be within the furvey and order of the court of the duchy of Lontafter% in such manner and form as other the premises be ailigned or appointed by authority of this aft tp be in the furvey and order of the court of the augmentations and revenues of the King’s crown, ojj other court by the King to be afligned 3 (2) and that all commiflions that hereafter (half be awarded by virtue and force of this aft concerning such colleges, free chapels, chantries and other the premises as be within the said duchy of Lancajler, shall be awarded under the great feal of England, and shall be certified into the fame court of the duchy of Lancajler; any thing abovefeid to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

The college or XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the au-chantryof At- thority aforesaid. That this aft, ne any thing therein contain-ia ed, shall extend to the college or chantry of AttUbourgh in the 01 0 - county of Norfolk, which the said late King Henry the Eighth gave to Robert late earl of Sujfcx and to his heirs 3 but that Henry now earl of EJfex^ fon and heir to the said late earl, his heirs and afligns, mall and may by the authority of this aft have and enjoy the said college and chantry, and all manors, lands, tenements, advowfons, tithes, penfions, portions and other hereditaments thereunto belonging or appertaining 3 any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Altering the XXXVII. Provided always, and by the authority aforesaid 'nature and be it enafted. That the King’s majesty at any time when it condition °f	fcem	to g0(K^ may give authority to certain his

0	1 #	Grace’s commiftioners, to alter the nature and condition of

all manner of obits, as well within the univerfities of Cam-bridge and Oxford, as in any other place within this his Grace’s realm of England and fValesy being not fupprefled ne annihilate by virtue of this present aft, and the fame obits lb altered to difpofe to a better ufe, as to the relief of feme poor men being ftudents, or otherwife.

Noperfon XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enafted by authority /half take ad- aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to any perlon or per-vantagcoFany fons, bodies politick or corporate, by reafon of any remainder, notfi^ngof u®5 or condition, to enter into, claim or challenge any lands, anyprieft,wit, tenements or hereditaments, for the non-doing, not naming or light, &c! non-finding of any such prieft or priefts or poor folks as is aforesaid, obit, anniverfary, light or lamp from henceforth to be founded or done ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

This ftamte X xXIX. Provided always that this aft, nor any thing therein £lr* .n0 . in contained, shall iti any wife extend to any lands, tenements, toAiie°King> poffeflions or hereditaments whatfoever, that any mafter, dean, prebendary, warden or chantry or any ftipendiary prieft of any college, chantry, prebend, fraternity, guild or any other corporations, have or held of any perlon or persons by copy of court /o}l, or at will according to th$ custom of any manor •	or

  v^ooQle

15470 Anno primo Edw.VI. c. 14.	285

or manors; nor give or grant any copyhold lands to the King's highness. ,

XL. And also provided that the King’s highness, his heirs Who (hail or fucceflors shall not in any wife have, hold, or enjoy or take have the copy-by virtue of this adt or any article therein contained, any manr lam*8# ner of copyhold lands, tenements, pofleffions or hereditaments whatloever they be j but that all and every of the said persons and incumbents shall have, hold and enjoy the fame during their lives towards their peniion and yearly living, paying their rents and doing their cuftoms and fervices thereof due and accuftomed j any thing in this adt to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XLI. Provided that this adt shall not extend to any lands. Lands re- , tenements or hereditaments affigned, appointed or intended covered from for the finding and maintenance of any chantry prieft or fti- p^e^b^eood pendiary prieft, which by any former right and good title with- tjtic# y ^ out fraud or covin were lawfully recovered from the pofieflion of any such chantry prieft or ftipendiary prieft before the first day of October in the said feven and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth, which lands, tenements and hereditaments were not charged nor chargeable to the payment of the perpetual tenth ; any thing in this adt to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ^ confirma* aforesaid. That all and lingular grants, licences, confirmations tion of letters and letters patents which our late fovereign lord King Henry patents made the Eighth, or our fovereign lord the King that now is, have ^ £}*&**' *• made under the great feal of England to any person or persons, anlyfhan-bodies politick or corporate, of any college, chapel or chantry try, &c. or of now being in ejfe or Handing, or now not being in ejfe or not land* united (landing, or or any lordlhips, manors, lands, tenements andt0 tfacrn-hereditaments annexed, united, belonging or appertaining to any college, chapel or chantry now being in ejfe or (landing, or now not being in ejfe or not Itanding, or of any other thing or things mentioned or exyrefled in this adt, ana all and every	#

matter and thing mentioned, exprefled or contained in any such grant, licence, confirmation or letters patents, shall from henceforth be deemed, taken, expounded and judged good and effedtual in‘the law, according to the words, (Sentences, meanings, intents, form and effedts of the fame grants, licences, confirmations and letters patents, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes, as if this adt, and the said adt made iruthe said feven and thirtieth year of the said late King Henry the Eighth, had never been had or made : (2) and that this adt, or the said adt g. c, 4, made in the said feven and thirtieth year of the reign of our said late fovereign jord King Henry the Eighth, or any claufe, article,

(Sentence or other thing therein contained, shall not extend to any colleges, chapels, chantries or other thing or things mentioned Jn this adt, now being in ejfe or (landing, or now not being in ejfe or not (landing, or to any manors, lands, tenements, poirefiions, revenues or hereditaments annexed, united,

belonging

Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw. VI. c. i.	[	1547*

belonging or appertaining to any college, chapel, chantiy or other thing mentioned in this ad, now being in ejfe or (landing, or now not being in ejfe ox not (landing, or to any ether thing or things mentioned, or expreffed in this ad which any , person or penons, bodies poKtick or corporate have had or obtained by the aflent, licence, confirmation, grant or letters patents of the said late King, or of the King’s majesty tbit now is; nor shall extend to any manors, lands, tenements, revenues, pdffeffions, hereditaments or other thing or things mentioned, expreffed or contained in any such licence, confirmation, grant or letters patents : (3) but that every such person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs fucceffors and affigns and the heirs fucceflbrs and if&gns of every of them, shall have, hold and enjoy all and every the fame colleges, chapels, chantries, manors, lands, tenements, revenues, pofiemons and hereditaments, and all and every other thing and things whatfoever, fo by them had or obtained by the affent, licence, confirmation, grant or letters patents of the said late King, or of the King’s majesty that now is, according to the words, fentences, form, efled, meaning and intent of the fame licences, confirmations, grants and letters patents ; this ad, or the said ad made in the said feven and thirtieth year of the reign of the (aid late King Henry the Eighth, or any claufe, article, fentence, matter or thing mentioned, expreffed or contained in any of the fame ads to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg.

CAP. XV.

The King’s general and free pardon confirmed by parliament except,

Annoftam	do	& Edwardi fextu

ACTS made in thefecond ftflion of this present parliament belden upon prorogation at Weftminfter the |f) in the par-(twenty) -f fourth day of November the naMt?stiher* our mfi dread Jovereign lord Edward the the twenty-fourth, grace ofGod, King of England, France and Ireland, de-Vdvii*7!7 *' fe"der	of the faiths and of the church of England, and alfo

a Kcb. 3+. of Ireland, inearth the fupreme bead, and there continued and kept to the fourteenth day of March in the third year of our said Jovereign	lord,as followeth.

CAP. L

* An act for uniformity of fervice and admimjlration of the facraments throughout the realm.

Revived by t ^X7"HERE of long time there hath been had in this realm efEng-Eiiz.c. 1.1.14. VV land and in Wales divers forms of common prayer, commonly called the Jervico of the church ■, that is to , the

  v^ooQle

*54"®-] Anno fccund6 & tertio Edw.VI. c.t.

287

«f York,	of Bangor, and of Lincoln % and btfides the fame now	he penalty

Ifafhi *	'	r

late much more divers and sundry forms and JaJhions have been ufed foi!rnot in the cathedral and parifh churches of England and Wales, at ^ice^and well concerning the mattens or morning prayer and the evenfong, as adminiftra-erffo concerning the holy communion, commonly called the mafs, with non of feerawer* and sundry rites and ceremonies concerning the fame, and in the edmmftration of other facraments of the church : (2) and as the doers and executors of the fatd rites and ceremonies, in other form than of late years they have been ufed, were pleafed therewith: So other not u/ing the fame rites and ceremonies were thereby greatly offended:

(3) and albeit the King’s majejly, with the advice of his mojl entirety beloved uncle the lord protestor, and other of his Highnefs corn-cil, hath heretofore divers times ajfayed to flay innovations or new rites concerning the premijfes; yet the fame hath not had such good Innovator*no* fuccefs as his Highnefs required in that behalf \ whereupon his High- punifoed, for nets by the mojl prudent advice aforesaid, being pleafed to bear with ft ui^«x)d the frailty and weaknefs of his fubjeSls in that behalf of his great zcaL clemency bath not beeh only content to abjlain from punijhment of thofe , that have offended in that behalf for that his Highnefs taketh toot they did it of a good zeal; but also to the intent a uniform quiet and godly order Jbould be had concerning the premijfes, hath appointed the arch* bijbop of Canterbury, and certain of the mojl learned and difereet bi/bops, and other learned men of this realm, to confider and ponder the premijfes*, (a) and thereupon having as well eye and refpeft to thcr mojl fincere ana pure chrijlian religion taught by the feripture, as to the ufages in the primitive church, Jbould draw ana make one con-venient and meet order, rite and fajhion of common and open prayer and admimflration of thefacraments, to be had and ufed in his Majejly’e realm oj England and in Wales; tl)e which at this time, by the aid of the Holy Ghojl, with one uniform agreement is of them concluded,

Jet forth and delivered to his Highnefs, to his great comfort and quiet- The book of nefs of mind, in a book intituled. The book of the commoir prayer common and adminiftration of the facraments, and other rites and cere- prayer by the monies of the church, after the ufe of the church of England. “drftheHoijr (<) Wherefore the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in ^rth this present parliament ajfetnbled, conftdering as. well the mojl godly bifhops and travel of the King’s highness, of the lord protestor, and of other has learned men Highnefs council, in gathering and collecting the said archbijhop, hi- °*tbc *‘ca^ra* Jhops and learned men together, as the godly prayers, orders, rites and ceremonies in the said book mentioned, and the conjiderations of altering thofe things which be altered, and. retaining thofe things which be' retained in the said bookt but also the honour of God and great quiet* nefs, Which by the grace of Gad Jhall enfue upon the one and uniform rite And order in fucb common pray a' and rights and external ceremonies' to be ufed throughput England and in Wales* at Calais and the marches of the fame, do give to his Highnefs mojl hearty and lowly thanks for the fame ; (6) and humbly prayen, that it may be ordained and enacted by bis Majesty, with the aflent of the lords and commons in this'prefcnt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all 'and Angular person and persons that have offended concerning the premises, other than fueh

perfon

  v^»ooQle

Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw.VI. c.i.

[15+8-

The penalty for not ufing the book of common . prayer, and other rites and ceremonies, according to the ufe ot the church of England.

Ufing an^ other manner of prayer.

The penalty for depraving the book or anything contained therein.

The penalty for the first offence.

The penalty for the fccond offence.

perfon and persons as now be and remain in ward in the Tower of London, or in the Fleet, may be pardoned thereof; (7) and that all and Angular ministers in any cathedral or pari(h church or other place within this realm of England, IVales^ Calais, and the marches of the fame or other the King’s dominions, (hall, from and.after the feaft of Pentecojl next coming, be bounden to fay and ufe the mattens, evenfong, celebration of the Lord’s Supper, commonly called the mafs, and adminiftration of earfi of the facraments, and all their common and open prayer, in such order and form as is mentioned in the fame book, and none other or otherwife. (5) And albeit that the fame be fo godly and good, that they give occafion to every honeft and conformable (nan moll willingly to embrace them, yet left any obftinate person who willingly would difturb fo godly order and quiet in this realm should not go unpunifhed, mat it may also be ordained and enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any manner of parfon, vicar or other whatfoever minifter, that ought or (hould fing qt fay common prayer mentioned in the said book, or minifter the facraments, shall after the said feaft of Pentecojl next coming refufe to ufe the said common prayers, or to minifter the facraments in such cathedral or parifh church or other places as he (hould ufe or minifter the &me, in such order and form as they be mentioned and fet forth in the said book ; (9) or shall u(e wilfully and obftinately (landing in the fame, any other rite, ceremony, order, form or manner of mafs openly or privily, or mattens, evenfone, ad-miniftration of the facraments or other open prayer than is! mentioned and fet forth in the said book : (open prayer in and throughout this adt, is meant that prayer which is for other to come unto or hear either in common churches or private chapels or oratories, commonly called the fervice of the church) (10) or shall preach, dedard or fpeak any thing in the derogation or depraving of the said book, or any thing therein contained, or of any part thereof; (11) and shall be thereof lawfully convidled according to the laws of this realm, by verdidt of twelve men or by his own confeflion, or by the notorious evidence of the fadl, (12) shall lofe and forfeit to the King’s highness, his heirs and fucceflors, for his first offence, the profit of such one of his fpiritual benefices or promotions as it shall please the King’s highness to aflign or appoint, coming and arifing in one whole year next after his convidtion: (13) and also that the fame person fo convidted shall for the lame offetice fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix months, without bail or mainprife: (14) and if any such person oncecon-vidt of any such offence concerning the premiffes, shall after his first convidtiort eftfoons offend and be thereof in form aforesaid lawfully convidt, that then the fame person shall for his fecond offence fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year, (15) and also shall therefore be deprived ipfo faftooi all his fpiritual promotions; (16) and that it shall be lawful to all patrons, donors and grantees of all and Angular the fame fpi-

ritual

  Google

1548O Anno secundo & tertio Edw*VI. e.i.	289

ritual promotions, to present to the fame any other able clerk* in like manner and form as though.the party fo offending were 4ead: (17) fcnd that if any such person or persons, after he The penalty shall be twice convidted in form aforesaid, shall offend againft the tbir^ any of the premifles the third time, and shall be thereof in 0 cncc* form aforesaid lawfully convidted ; that then the person fo of-fendirig and convidted the third time, shall fuffer imprifonment during his life. (18) And if the person that shall offend and be convidt in form aforesaid concerning any of the premifles* shall not be beneficed nor have any fpiritual promotion, that then the fame person fo offending and convidt shall for the first offence fuffer imprifonment during fix months, without bail or mainprife : (19) and if any such person not having any fpi-» ritual promotion, after his first convidtion shall eftfoons offend in any thing concerning the premifles, and shall in form aforesaid be thereof lawfully convidted, that then the fame person shall for his fecond offence fuffer imprifonment during his life.

II.	And it is ordained and enacted by the authority above- pfehalty laid. That if any person or nerfons whatfoever, after the said feaft hy plays, fongt of Pcntecoft next coming, mail in any enterludes, plays, fongs/ deprave the rhimes, or by other open words declare or fpeak any thing book of com* in the derogation, depraving or defpifing of the fame book or mon prayer, of any thing therein contained, or any part thereof; (2) orortoco™Pcl shall by open fadt, deed or by open threatnings, compel or o^e^rayer. caufe, or otherwife procure or maintain any parforf, vicar or other minifter in any cathedral or parifh church, or in any chapel or Other place, to fing or fay any common and open prayer, or to minifter any facrament otherwife or in any other manner or form than is mentioned in the said book; (3) or that by any of the said means shall unlawfully interrupt or let any parfon, vicar or other ministers in any cathedral or parifh church, chapel or any other place, to fing or fay common and open prayer, or to minifter the facraments, or any of them, iri any such manner and form as is mentioned in the said book ; (4)

That then every person being thereof lawfully convidted in form abovefaid, shall forfeit to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the first offence ten pounds. (5) And The pehajty if any person or persons being once convidted of any such of- the fence, eftfoons offend againft any of the premifles, and fhall0 encc* rti form aforesaid be thereof lawfully convidt, that then the The penalty fame persons fo offending aiid convidt shall for the fecond of- the rccou£* fence forfeit to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fuc- 0 cncc“ ceflbrs, twenty pounds : (6) and if any person after he in form The pefnity aforesaid shall have been twice convidt of any offence Concern- for the third ing any of the premifles, shall offend the third time, and be offence, thereof in form abovefaid lawfully convidt, that theri every person fo offending and convidt shall for his third offence forfeit to dur fovereign lord the King all his goods and chattels, and shall fuffer imprifonment during his life: (7) and if any person or persons, that for his first offence concerning the premifles shall be convidt in form aforesaid, do not pay the fum to be paid by virtue of his convidtion, in such manner and form Vql. V.	JJ	as

  t^ooQle

290	Anno	fecundo & tertio Edw.VI. c. 1.	[ 154$.

as the fame ought to be paid, within fix weeks next after his convidtion; that then every, person fo convidt, and fo not paying the fame, shall for the fame firfl offence, inftead of the said ten pound, fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of three months without bail or mainprife. (8) And if*an/perfon or persons, that for his fecond offence concerning the premifles lhall be convidt in form aforesaid, do not pay the fum to be paid by virtue of his convidtion, in such manner and form as the fame ought to be paid within fix weeks next after his said fecond convidtion ; that then every person fo convidted, and not fo paying the fame, shall for the fame fecond offtnee, in the (lead of the (aid twenty pounds, fuffer imprifonment during fix months, without bail or mainprife.

Juftices of HI. And it is ordained and enacted by the authority afore-roiner and^	That all and every justices of oyer and determiner, or

aflife shall justices of affize, shall have full power and authority in every have power to of their open and general feffions to enquire, hear and deter-hear and de> mjnc ajj an(j an mariner of offences that shall be committed or ^gnme tnoie jone contrary to any article contained in this present ad, within the limits of the commiffion to them diredted, and to make procefs for the execution of the fame, as they may do againft any person being indided before them of trelpafs, or lawfully convidted thereof.

A bfthop may iv. Provided always, arid be it enacted by the authority {XT** a^rckid, That all and every archbifhop and bilhop shall or *	*	may	at all time and times at his liberty and pleafure join and

aflociate himfelf by virtue of this ad to the said justices of oyer and determiner, or to the said justices of aflife, at every of the said open and general feffions to be holden in any place within his diocefe, for and to the enquiry, hearing and determining of the offences aforesaid.

Who may ufe V. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to iny man ^noth” Lan *hat un^er^an<^etb the Greet, Latin and Hebrew tongue, or guage* ~ ot^er ftrange tongue, to fay and have the said prayers here-, tofore fpecitied of mattens and evenfong in Latin9 or any such other tongue, faying the fame privately, as they do under-ftand.

VI.	Arid for the further encouraging of learning in the tongues in the univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford, to ufe and exercife in their common and open prayer in their chapels (being no parilh churches) or other places of prayer, the mat-tens, evenfong, litany, and all other prayers, (tne holy communion, communion called the mafs, excepted) preferibed in the said book, in Greet, Latin or Hebrew; any thing in this present ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	'.Provided also, That it shall be lawful for all men, as well in churches, chapels, oratories or other places, to ufe openly any pfalms or prayer taken out of the Bible, at any due time, not letting or omitting thereby the fervice or any part thereof mentioned in the said book.

When the fcr- VIII. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore-

▼ ice books shall fa'|(i That the books concerning the faiil fervices shall at the u gotten.	*

  LjOOQle

, *9'

1548.] Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.r.

cofts and charges of the parifhioners of every parifh and cathedral church be attained and gotten before the feaft of Pentecojl next following, or before \ (2) and that all such parifhes and cathedral churches, or other places where the said books shall he attained and gotten before the said feaft of Pentecojl, ihaU within three weeks next after the said books fo attained and gotten ufe the said fervice, and put the fame in ure according to this adl.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons shall be at any time hereafter impeached or otherwife molefted of or for any of the offences above mentioned, hereafter to be committed or done contrary to this adl, unlefs he or they fo offending be thereof indidted at the next general feflions to be holden before any such of the justices of oyer and determiner, or justices of affife, next after any offence committed or done contrary to the tenor of this adh

X.	Provided always, and be it ordained and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and lingular lords of the parlia* liament, for the said offences above mentioned, shall be tried by their peers.

XI.	Provided also, and be it ordained and enacted by the Chief officers authority aforesaid. That the mayor of Londen, and all other °f cities and mayors, bailiffs and other head officers of all and Angular cities, boroughs and towns corporate within this realm, fvalesy Calais, and cie* and the marches of the fame, to the which justices of afiize termine theft do not commonly repair, shall have full power and authority offencei*

by virtue of this adt to enquire, hear and determine the offences abovefaid, and every of them yearly, within fifteen days after the feaft of Rafter and St. Michael the archangel, in like manner and form as justices of aifize and oyer and determiner may do.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ordained and enacted by The offences the authority aforesaid. That all and Angular archbiihops and inquirableand bifhops ana every of their chancellors, commiflaries, arch-

deacons and other ordinaries, having any peculiar eccleAaftical caf junfdic- " jurifdidlion, shall have full power and authority by virtue of tion. this adl, as well to enquire in their viAtations, fynods, and elfewhere within their jurifdidtion, at any other time and place, to take accufations and informations of all and every the things above mentioned, done, committed or perpetrate, within the limits of their jurifdidtion and authority, and to puoifh the fame by admonition, excommunication, fequeftration or deprivation, and other cenfures and procefs, in like form as heretofore hath been ufcd in like cafes by the King's eccleAaftical laws.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatfoever But once pu-perfbn offending in the premifies shall for the first offence re- niihed for on* ceive punifhment of the ordinary, having a teftimonial thereof offcncc* under the said ordinaries feal, lhall not for the fame offence

eftfoons be convented before the juftices; and likewife receiving for the said first offence punifhment by the juftices, he filall not ..	U	2	for

 

-Google

292	Anno	fecundo	&	tqtio	Edw.VI. c.2.	[1548.

'	'	for	the fame offence eftfoons receive punifhment of the or-

dinanr; any thing contained in this ad to the contrary not-withftanding.

The Jlatute was confirmed by 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. r. and repealed by I M. feff. 2. c. 2. wnicb aft of 1 M. is repealed by 1 Eliz. c. 2. and 1 Jac. 1. c. 28. f. 48. and this aft fo far as it relates to the church is made perpetual by 5 Anna c. 5.

CAP. II.

An act for the reformation of captains and foldiers ferving in the wars.

Captaini and TX/HERE before this time divers of the Kings majefiys loving foldiers not VV and obedient fubjefts according to their bounden duties, have doingtheir	affgned,	appointed arid fent forth, as well into the parts beyond the

andmele£&ig "as an^ to *^e feas? as mt0 ^cot^an^ ^ ot^er P^cesy divers their olices, * times both within this realm and without this realm, many able persons shall be pu-* or foldiers well furnijhed with good horfes and hamejfes meet to ferve the Xing \n wars, to their great charges and cojls ; yet fome of the feil foldiers fo fent to ferve, contrary to their said majlers expeftation, and contrary to their bounden duties to the King's higbnefs, have fold, lojl, exchanged or altered their majlers borfe and harnefs, or otherwife by deceit or covin converted the fame \ by mean whereof the Kings higbnefs hath not only been defitute of the fame foldiers in time of need, but also the owners of the said horfes and bamefs, who font them thither, have been untruly deceived of their horfes and hamejfes, being thereby lefs able to refurnifb other the like foldiers with horfes and hamejfes, at such time as they Jhall be thereunto commanded by the Kings higbnefs.

II. And fometimes the captains of such foldiers departed have demanded, had and taken of the Kings higbnefs wages for the fame foldiers fo departed, by mean whereof the Kings majefly hath fuftmnei and borne great payments, hnd yet his maiejly hath not been truly ferved for the fame, not a little to the difpleafure of the King, and to the great charge of the poor fubjefts being commanded to fit forth fucbfoldierS' :

The penalty IH. For remedy whereof, be it  enacted by the King our fo-of a soldier vereign lord, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal awavhis borfe	t^ie commons> *n this present parliament affembled, and by

or harnefs the authority of the fame. That if any soldier hereafter ferving 4&jPh.&M. the King in his wars in any his dominions* or on the leas of c. %.	beyond	the feas, or in Scotland, after the first day of April next

coming, do fell, give away or wilfully purloin* or otherwife exchange, alter or put away any horfe, gelding or mare, or any harnefs, wherewith he shall be fet forth; that then every such soldier fo offending, upon due proof or teftimony to be taken before the lieutenant, high admiral, the King’s deputy, vice-admiral, warden or captain, and in their abfence before any of their deputies, shall be imprifoned by the fame lieutenant, or any other before named, there to remain without bail or nuin-prife until he have fatislied to the party, owner of the horfe,

gelding.

  v^ooQle

293

x548.] Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.2.

gelding, mare or harnefs fo by him fold, purloined, exchanged, wilfully loft, altered or otherwife made away.

IV.	And if such soldier fo offending fortune to efcape from the lieutenant, and other the forefaid persons, without the pu-nifhment and reftitution aforesaid, that then the fame foldier, upon complaint made by the party grieved, or his executors or adminiftrators, upon due proof thereof to be made to any juftice or justices of peace, in the parts where such foldiers fo offending shall be found, shall be by such juftice or justices committed to ward, there to remain witnout bail or mainprife until he have fadsfied the party grieved, his executors or adminiftrators, of and for such hones, geldings or mares, and harnefs fo by any such soldier wilfully loft, exchanged, altered or otherwife purloined.

V.	Provided alway. That if the (aid soldier bring any fufficient A remedy if warrant or teftimony before the said juftice from the laid lieute- h<JT^e<jr(. nant, or of any of tne persons above named, in writing under orTp^intcd * the feal of any of them, teftifying that the fame horfe or harnefs to another, were loft in the King’s fervice againft the will of the said foldier?

or that the fame horfe or harnefs was taken by the fame lieutenant, or any of the others before named, from the said foldier, for any reafonable refpe#, and appointed to fome other to ferve in the place and (lead of the said soldier ; that then every such soldier not bringing to the owner the said horfe and hamels shall be difcharged thereof againft the owner thereof: and that then ' every such soldier to whom the said horfe and harnefs shall be appointed, as is aforesaid, not bringing home to the owner the said horfe and harnefs, after he shall be difcharged, to fuffer like pain as is aforesaid.

VI.	And be It also further enadled by the authority aforesaid, it (hallbefeiq-

That if any soldier ferving as is aforesaid, depart without licence ny for a fol-‘ of his lieutenant or any of the other above named, with booty ^,er to depart or otherwife, being in the enemies country, or elfewhere in the without' King’s fervice, or out of any garrifon where he or they shall be licence, appointed to ferve, that then every such soldier fo departing 18H. 6. c. 19. without licence to be taken and judged as a felon, and to be ex- Repealed as to eciited as in cafes of felony, without having any advantage °f ,	ir

his clergy or sanctuary ; (2) and that the justices of every (hire c,	and re*

where any such soldier shall be taken, shall have full power to vived by 4 8c enquire, near and determine all and every the said offences con- 5 Pb. &M. cerning every such departure, a6 they do and may in other cafes c* * 9*

of felony CQmmitted in the (hire where such soldier shall be taken.

1	VII. And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid, The penalty. That if any commiffioner or captain, to whom the King shall of a commif-diredt his commandment by commiflion or letters, for the levy- fioner hccnc* ing or fetting forth of any man to ferve the King in his wars, depart^ and (h2l at any time after the first day of Aprils for any gain, reward afluming ano* or other lucre, difeharge any perion or persons by him appoint- ther for gam* cd to ferve the King as a captain, soldier or pioneer, of his fervice fo appointed, and do aflign any other person or persons in

U 3	Jjis

294	Anno	fecundo	& tertio Edw.VL C.a* [1548.

his or their (lead for any lucre or gain, as is aforesaid, that then every commiffioner or other person fo offending shall forfeit to the King, for every such default of every man fo difcharged, twenty pound, to be levied of his goods and chattels,

A captain li- VIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That to minuet ^ any caPta^n being appointed to have the order of any number depart. of foldiers under any other higher officer, do for any caufe licence any soldier in nis retinue to depart from the field or for-trefs where they shall be appointed to ferve, without the fpe-cial affent and licence in writing of the lieutenant, or the others before named,’ shall forfeit and lofe for every such soldier to by him licenfed to depart, twenty pound, to be levied as is aforesaid. to the ufe of the King.

A captain de- IX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That manding if any lieutenant, or any othfer before named, having the older tofoWicrs anY num^>er foldiers ferving as is aforesaid, upon the fea than there is or land, do at any time after the said first day of April demand,

caule.

receive or take of the King’s highness, or any of his treafurers, any wages for any more foldiers than ferved in such manner and form as the wages was paid for, or for any more days than such foldiers ferved, and do not note the day of every foldier’s entry into wages, and day of his death and departure, and deliver the fame to such treafurers as shall pay the (aid wages every month in writing, fo as the truth of the number of the folmers may appear to the King’s treafurer and mafter of the King’s mutters • for the time being in that behalf, that then every luch lieutenant, and other before named, fo offending, shall forfeit and lofe to the King, for every such default, five pound, to be levied as is aforesaid to the ufe of the King, and to be imprifoned by the fpace of one month, and to lofe his room and office. None Hut the X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no lieutenant captain after the said first day of April shall give to any of his soldier Ucenceto diers, appointed to ferve under him in any town or fortrefs kept

depart.

Proclamation of this atit.

with garrifons of foldiers, any licence or paffports to depart from his fervice, but only the lieutenant, or any others as is aforesaid, upon pain of liri^rifonment as well of the captain as soldier fo offending, at the diferetion of the said lieutenant or the others before named.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every lieutenant and other before named, upon the pain of tea pound, shall caufe to be proclaimed the whole effedt and conr tents of this adt, that is to fay, every lieutenant of any army in every field under his charge to proclaim this adl every month, and that eyery of the King’s deputies of every fortrefs, and captain of any other fortrefs, to proclaim this ad within his charge once every quarter of a year.

XII.	And also be it enacted by the authority aforesaid for the informing of better execution of the premiffes. That every person or persons offcjice* giving to the lieutenant, or the others above named, true information of any of the offences above remembred, shall have for his labour one month’s wages of him that shall be found faulty,

to

Reward for

  v^ooQle

1548*] Anno secundo &c tertio Edw.VI. C.3.	295

to be paid by the hand of the treafurer upon warrant of the said lieutenant or any of the others aforesaid.

XUI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall in any yife extend to touch or infringe any orders eftablifhed for the government of Calice and the marches of the fame, or any other place of the King’s now governed or hereafter to be governed by the fame orders, of by such orders as may please his Grace hereafter to fet forth for tne fame.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- Retaining of forefaid, *That it shall be lawful for all and every of the said fieu-tenants, and other the said persons, to retain in his or their own

hands, to their own ufe, of the wages of his or their foldiers, the fums following, that is to fay, vi. s. viij. d. for the livery or coat of every yeoman foldier, and xiij. s. iv. d. for the livery or coat of every gentleman soldier for one whole year.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ordained and enadt- In what cafes . ed by the authority aforesaid, That no manner of lieutenant, or ^^uten?^t any other the said persons, shall hereafter be charged or preju- p^;ud?ced for diced by virtue of this adf or any thing therein contained, for lack of his lack of his or their number retained, as is aforesaid, for or con- number, ceming any soldier or foldiers as shall happen to die during his

fervice, or to be fick by the vifitation of God, or that shall depart againft the will of his lieutenant or other before named, unlefs it shall be in the default of any of them..

XVI.	Provided always, that this adt be not prejudicial nor Houfhold fer-fiurtful to the laid lieutenant or any other the said persons, or any y*nts not other having under them retinue of foldiers, nor any of them, thu aft* for non-payment of the King’s wages to their houfhold fefvants

and other to whom they shall daily find pjnd give meat and drink during the said fervice of war.

XvII. Provided alway that this adt, nor nothing therein con-Ttelief of te-tained, shall extend to cnarge any person or persons for the tak- nants or ing or receiving of any gift or reward of any of his or their tc-	ph

nants or friends, towards the relief, aid or help of the fame per- &m.c.35. f.10. fons being commanded by the King’s majesty to ferve in wars, or ptherwife to find men on hprfeback or on foot, as well within this realm as without: (2) nor for the gift, reward, aid or help referved or covenanted to be paid or given to any person appointed to ferve in wars, or to find horfe or men to lerve, by reafon of any grant, covenant, refervation, custom or tenure.

XVIII.	Provided that this adt, nor any thing therein cop- Lawful caufes famed, shall not extend to charge any lieutenant or others a- of detaining bove named, for detaining or retaining any part of any the fait} ^f^rsr#°ni foldiers wages, toward or for the payment of vidtuals, harnefs, weapons, or for any preft money provided and delivered to any such foldier.

CAP. III.

J4o purveyor or other perfon, by authority of any commifliop or other warrant, fhall, during three years next, purvey or pike for the provifion of the King’s houfhold, his lifters, or any other persons* any com, beeves* muttons, isrV. wood*

U 4	coai}*

  CjOOQle

296	Anno Tecundo & tcrtio Edw.VI. p.^	[154^

coal, ftraw, hay, or any kind of vi&uals, without the full confent of the owner, and at such price for ready money as the owner and purveyor can agree 5 or shall take for any of the King’s affairs, or the wars, or otherwife, any goods* chattels or other things whatfoever, Having barges, (hips*

, parts and things neceflfary for carriages) without confent of the owner, and at such prices for ready money as the owner ^nd purveyor can agree, except polt-horfes, for which shall be paid a peny a mile. And if any taker or other person shall pffend in any point contrary to the ordinance aforesaid* he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble the value of the thing taken, fuffer imprifonment a quarter of a year, and make fine at the King’s pleafure. The King will allow to the owner of every cart taken for his houfhold, four-pence a mile, and fof the wars and other carriages, three-pence a mile.

CAP. IV,

An a£I for the Jberiffs of England to have certain allowances upon their accompts.

Sheriffs upon TiTTOST humbly befeecben the Kings mojl excellent Majesty, his their ac- JLVX true and faithful fubjeils, the commons in this present parlia-eompts in the ment aJfembledy 'Mat where in the parliament begun at Weflminfter* 3	tbefutejnthdayJanuary in the three and thirtieth year of the

oajth taken, reign of our late jovereign lord of famous memory, King Henry the inall be dif- Eighth, and by prorogation holdm at Weftminfter the two and twen-charged qf all fatfo fay y* January /« the four and thirtieth year of the reign of our asthey cannot fad lateJovereign lord, and there continued until the twelfth day of May levy, and shall in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late King, upon have their due divers and sundry confederations,, there was enabled and made an ait allowances. fry fa authority of the fame parliament, concerning the accompt or ac-, • compts of Jberiffs to be made in the exchequer, as in the fame ait more plainly at large if is contained:

II.	And albeit it was meant at the time of the making of the said ait, as it may appear by the words of the said ait, That Jberiffs Jbould not be charged upon their accompts, but only with such fums of money as they might lawfully levy \ (2) and also that the said jberiffs Jbould have allowance, not only for all such charges and expences as they Jhall fuflain arid bear for the diets and charges of the juflices of ajjife, but also for other neceffary charges and expences by them fufeained m and a-bout the exercifeng of their said office : {3) yet neverthelefs the said Jberiffs are and have been fit hen the making of the said ait more and forer charged, vexed and troubled than they were before, to the great impoveriflment of men of worjhip and gentlemen within this realm,

{hat have been Jberiffs, and fo is very likely to be to all such as hereafter Jhall be Jberiffs, if remedy be not provided in this behalf: (4) it The statute of may therefore please the King’s moft excellent Majesty, that it 34 be 35 H *• may be enabled and eftablifhed with the aflent of the lords fpi-?•,6* tol‘ch" ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parlia-rehearfed and ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the repealed. said former aft, and all claufes and fentences in the fame contained, fliall be from henceforth clearly fruftrate and void to all

intents

  v^ooQle

1548*] Anno secundo &.tertio Edw.VI. c.4.	297

Intents and purposes, other than hereafter in this adt shall be fpecified.

III.	And that it may be enabled by this present parliament.

That the (heriffs which shall be made from henceforth within all the (hires of England, and also such as have not made or linifti-ed their accompt or accompts, shall have such and like tallies of reward, and all such other allowances, as they had before the making of the said former adt; (2) or elfe the fame (heriffs which shall be, or heretofore have been, to be at their election and choice to aCcompt, and all other things to do, according to the aforesaid former ad: (2) and that they and every of them that fo shall accompt and take no tally of reward shall be in and by all things intreated in the King’s exchequer, as though the (aid former ad were and should continue in his full ftrength and effed; any thing before fpecified notwithstanding.

IV.	And that the fame tallies of reward, and every of them, by force of this present ad, without any further warrant or warrants to be obtained for the fame, shall be levied or (Iricken at the receipt of the King’s majesty’s exchequer indue manner and form, with such like letters or writings upon the fame tallies and every of them, as before the making of the said former ad were and have been accuftomed to be levied and ftricken.

V.	And that the fame tallies fo hereafter there to be levied Every fheriflf and ftricken, shall be delivered unto every of the fame (heriffs {HI «ave

or their fufficient attorney for them, without preft or other “C8 °*rcwar{v tiiarge to be fet upon them for the fame.

VI.	And that this ad shall be a fufficient warrant and dif-charge unto the treafurer of England and all other officers within the said receipt, for ftriking, levying and delivery of the said tallies and every of them.

VII.	And further, That all thofe (heriffs that hereafter shall Sheriff* allow-

be made within thofe (hires of England, whereas no tallies of re-	^Inward have heretofore been by the King’s majesty’s mod noble	**

progenitors given and granted, and (uch (heriffs as shall hereafter take no tally of reward, shall in confideration of their great

cofts, charges and expences which they shall bear and fuftain, as well by the diets of the jultices of affifes as by any other means, have upon the end of their accompts and every or them, such allowances upon a petition to be made by the fame (heriffs or any of them, in a bill to be brought in by the fame (heriffs and every of them, of their said cofts and charges, upon which bills the fame (heriffs to be fworn in their own proper persons, or by their under-lheriffs or lawful attorney thereunto admitted, to be true, without warrant or tally fuing for the fame.

VIII.	And also that all (heriffs which hereafter shall take no tally of reward, and every of them, shall be difcharged upon their accompts of all such farms, goods, chattels, profits, cafu-alties and fums of money which they might or (hould be charged with upon their accompts in the said exchequer, by what title or name foever they be named, or upon whatfoever person or persons they shall be (treated, or out of whatfoever lands and tenements

  (^.ooQle

Sheriffs allowances for vi-countiels and pofleflions come to the King's hands.

The fheriff shall be fworn to brine into the exchequer rolls of parchment ot money which he hath or might have levied.

Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw.VL C.4.	[1548.

meats they shall be going forth, as they cannot levy or com# by.

IX.	And that all other (heriffs which hereafter shall take any tally of reward shall in like manner be difeharged of all such farms and fums of money aforesaid; except only of the vicoun-tiels of their (hires wherewith they shall be charged, and anfwer-able as they were before the making of the forefaid former adt (2) AndaUo the famefheriffsof every (hire of England that now be, or heretofore have been, or that hereafter shall be, and every of them* shall have plain deduction and allowance in their laid ac-compts of all such fum and fums of money as they or any of them shall make or have made true petition of, for or concerning such pofleflions and hereditaments as be come unto or were in the King’s majesty’s hands, or any his progenitors, by unity of pofleffion, or by any mean, out of the which any part or parcel of the forefaid vicountiels were at any time heretofore leviable or levied. (3) And that the lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons of the said exchequer, or in the abfence of the said lord treafurer, chamberlains and chancellor, the said barons shall by authority of this ad, give and make allowance, dedudion and exoneration to every of the said lheriffs of the said ferms and of all other things without any other warrant.

X- Provided alvvay. That every of the said (heriffs at his day of prefixion, immediately after that he or his deputy or attorney is fworn to account for the iflues and profits of his office of fbe-riffwick, shall by himfelf or by his attorney or deputy fworn for him, when he shall anfwer before the lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and barons of the said exchequer, or in the abfence of the laid lord treafurer, chamberlain or chancellor or of any of them, then before such of the laid lord treafurer, chamberlains or chancellor and of the (aid barons, as then shall happen to be present in the said court of exchequer, to bring in and deliver into the said court, rolls or fchedules of parchment, containing in them truly without omiffion or concealment all such particular fums of money which he hath levied, or lawfully might have levied, to his writing and knowledge within his bailiwick, as part or parcel, as well of the said ferms called vicountiels in the said former adt exprefled, as of all other ferms of what nature or title foever they be called, being (treated, written or otherwife charged to any of the said (heriffs out of the laid court of exchequer, (2) making exprefs and diftindt mention in the fame rolls or fchedules, as nigh as he or they can or may, of what perfon, and what lands and tenements, and for what caufe, the lame particular fums of money and every of them be levied or leviable : (3) and that after the fame rolls or fchedules fo delivered, and the particular fums of money in them contained appertaining to their proper ferms, caft and rated in the said court, the said lord treafurer, chamberlains, chancellor and the said barons, in the abfence of the said treasurer, chamberlains or chancellor or any of them for the time being, shall have full power and authority by this adt for the levying and recovery of

fuel}

 

Google

154^.3 Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw.VI. c.5,6.	299

fach parcels belonging to any the said ferxns called vicountiels, or any other fenns, by what name or title foever they be called, being omitted out of the said rolls or fchedules, and for faving of other the King’s ancient rights and inheritances anfaerable in the said exchequer, which be now wrorjgfully withdrawn or unjuftly withholden from the King’s majesty his pofteffion: (4} Procefc shall and shall have power and authority from time to time to award be awarded such procefs, and ufe such convenient ways and means by com- chequer to In-miflion or otherwife, according to the courfe of the said exche- qui/c Qf the quer, and further as shall be deviled by their difcretion; fo that King's debts, the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuccefjors, may be truly an^ fwered of the iftues and profits of the fame ; this aft, or any other ftatute, aft, ordinance or ufe heretofore to the contrary had, made or ufed, in any wife notwithstanding.

XL And furthermore. That the said treafurer, chamberlains. Allowance chancellor and barons of the said exchequer, or the said barons to in the abfence of the said treafurer, chamberlains or chancellor, {2eir°«)fts °r or any of them for the time being, shall have full power.and authority by their difcretions from time to time toj^ive and allow unto all and every such commiffioner or commrlnoners as they shall aflign and appoint by their difcretion, to enquire of the said ferms and other the King’s rights withdrawn, their reafbn-able cofts and charges, as from time to time to them shall fcem good and convenient.

CAP. V.

Such fee-ferms and fums of money paid for fee-ferms, as by any city, borough or town corporate within England or IVales^ or by the bodies corporate or politick, officers or ministers of the fame, ought to be due and payable to the King, &c. during three years next enfuing, shall ceafe and not be due; and it shall be bellowed about repairing of walls, bridges, fetting poor on work, or other good deeds, in every such city, &c.

But if the King hath granted the fee-ferm to any other, he shall enjoy it. Exp. 3	4 Ed. 6. c. 18.

CAP. VI.

An aft that the admiral of England, or any of his officers, shall not exaft any fums of money for licence to trajfick to Ifeland, fc?c.

FORASMUCH as within theft few years now lajl paft there hath No officer shall been levied, perceived and taken by certain of the officers of the exaft any mo-adrmralty of such merchants and fifhermen as have ufed and pratiifed the adventures and journeys into Ifeland, Newfoundland, Ireland fifherman go-and other places commodious for fijhing and the getting of fijhy in. or ing beyond upon the feas or otherwife, by way of merchandife in thofe parts, di- f«a for hfli. vers great exactions, as fums of money, doles or Jhares of fifty and such other like things, to the great difcouragement and hindrance of the fame m&chants and fifhermeny and to no little damage to the whok common-weal: (2) and whereof also great complaints have been made and informations also yearly to the King's majejlys moji honourable council:

  v^ooQle

3®o

Anno fccundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.7,8.

for nformation whereof and to the intent also that the said mer*— chants ana fi/hermen may have occafion the rather to praftift and u/i the fame trade of merchandife and fijhing freely without any Jtiah charges or exactions as is before limited, whereby it is to be thought that more plenty of fijh Jhall come into ibis realm, and thereby to have the fame at more reafonable prices:

III.	Be it therefore enabled by the King our fovereign lord* and the lords and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That neither the admiral nor any officer or minifter, officers or ministers of the admiralty for the time being, shall in any wife hereafter exaft, receive or take by himfelf, his fervant, deputy, fervants or deputies, of any such merchant or filherman, any fum or fums of money, doles or (hares of fi(h, or any other reward, benefit or advantage what-foever it be, for any licence to pafs this realm to the said voyages or any of them ; nor upon any refpeft concerning the said voyages or any of them ; (2) upon pain to forfeit for the first offence treble the fum or treble the value of the reward, benefit or advantage, that any such officer or minifter shall hereafter have or take of any such merchant or filherman; for the which forfeiture the party grieved, and every other person or persons^ wKatfoever he or they be, shall and may fue for the fame by information, bill, plaint or aftion of deot, in any of the King’s courts of record ; the King to have the one moiety, and the party complaining the other moiety : in which fuit no e(Toin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed: (3) and for the fecond offence, the party fo offending not only to lofe or forfeit his or # their office or offices in the admiralty, but also to make fine and ranfom at the King’s will and pleafure.

CAP. VII.

EXP. An aft againft the crafty and deceitful buying of penftons from

the late monafteries.

CAP. VIII.

An aff for finding of offices before efebeators.

fome cafes * ***	^	^ E many an& divers persons holding or that havt holden

fhall^eVound * * lands, tenements or hereditaments, fame for term of years, and before efehea- feme by copy of court-roll, have been expulfed and put out of their tors.	terms	and	holds,	by reafon	of inquifitions or offices founden before ef-

isCar.i. c.14. ckeators, commifjioners and other, containing tenures of the Aiing in capite, intituling the King to the wardjhip or cuftody of such lands or tenements, and Jometime intituling the King to the fame upon attainders of treafon, felony or otherwife, by reafon that such leafes for term of years or inter eft by copy of court-roll of such persons have not been yemor copy- in fuc^ Inquifitions or offices: (2) after which expulfton, or put-* "	1 • ting out, the said persons have been without remedy for the obtaining

of the said ferms and holds, during the King's pojjeffion therein \ (?) (2nd can have no traverfe, monftrans de droit, ne other remedy for the fame, hccaufe their said intereft is but 4 chattel in the law or a cuftemary hold, and no eft ate offreehold\

II. And

holders being put forth of pofleflion by the King, by the common law have no



  CjOOQle

1548.J	Anna secundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.8.	301

II.	And also ivhere any person or perfom hath any rent, common, office, fee dr other profit apprendre, of any ejiate of freehold or for years, or otherwife, out of such lands or tenements fpecified in such offices or inquifitions, the fold rent, common, office, fee or profit apprendre not found in the fame office or offices, such persons are in like manner without remedy to obtain or have the find rent, common, office, fee or profit apprendre, by any traverfe or other fipeedy mean, without great and excejfrue charges, during the King's intereft therein by force of fitch inquifition or office.

III.	For remedy whereof, be it enafted by authority of this T^c5ntl?r^f present parliament, That where any such ofhee or inquifition is favc”though or shall be founden, omitting such titles, interefts or matters as thCy be not is aforesaid, that in all such cafes every leflee, tenant for term of found by of-years, or copyholder, and every such person or persons that have

or shall have any intereft to any rent, common or profit appren- £*°*E * ire, for term of years, life or otherwife, out of any of the lands, y 35’ tenements or hereditaments contained in such office or inquifition, where the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs is or shall be intituled, as is aforesaid, to any such lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall have, hold, enjoy and perceive all and every their ieafes and interefts for term of years, or by copy of court-roll, rents, commons, offices, fees and profit apprendre, in such manner, form, ftate and condition, as they and every of them Ihould or might have done, in cafe there had been no such office or inquifition founden, and as they should or lawfully might or ought to have done, in cafe such leafe, intereft by copy of court-roll, rent, common, office, fee or profit apprendre had been found in such office or inquifition ; any law, custom or usage to the contrary heretofore ufed in such cafes in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And also where it is or shall be founden for the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, That the heir or heirs of his tenant or tenants is or shall be within age, where indeed such heir or heirs is or shall be at the fame time of full age, or of a more or greater age than is or shall be contained within such office.

V.	Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in a remedy

every such cafe such heir and heirs shall and may at his or their where an heir very full age, or after, profecute a writ of at ate probanda, and	age (hall

fue his or their livery or oufler le main, as his or their cafes shall ?Wlt lie, and have the profits of his or their lands, tenements or hereditaments, from the time of his or their very full age; any fuch

untrue office or inquifition, or any law or custom to the contrary, in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	Alfo where one person or mo is or shall be founden heir Hob. 50. to the King’s tenant by office or inquifition, where any other Dyer 161. person is or lhall be heir; (a) or if one person or more be or 7 Co. 45* shall be founden heir by office or inquifition in one county, and another person or persons is or shall be found heir to the fame person in another county; (3) or if any person be or shall be

untruly founden lunatick, idiot or dead : (4) be it  enacted by Traverfe to an the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons, grieved untrue office

or found after

3°x

the death of the King's tenant, or upon attainder of treafon, felony, &c.

A traverfe though the King be inti' tuled by . double matter of record.

Traverfe to an office.

13 H. 7. if. Br. Office 59. Dyer 155, *91, 306.

8 Co. 168.

Traverfe to an office where a wrong tenure is found.

Dyer 161. Cro. Jac.186.

Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.8.	[	1548*

or to be grieved by any such office or inquifition, shall and may have his or their traverfe to the fame immediately or after, at his or their pleafure, and proceed to trial therein, and have like remedy and advantage as in other cafes of traverfe upon untrue inquifitions or offices founden; any law, ufege or cutlom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Alfo where it is or shall be hereafter untruly founden by office or inquifition. That any person or persons attainted qr that shall be attainted of treafon, felony or prammire, is or shall be feifed of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, at the time of fUch treafon, felony or offence committed or done, or any time after, whereunto any other person or persons liath or shall have any juft title or intcreft of any eftatc of freehold, that then in every such cafe every person and persons grieved thereby shall have his or their traverfe or monflrans de droit to the fame, without being driven to any petition of right, and like remedy and reftitution upon his or tneir title found or judged for him or them therein, as hath been accuftomed and ufed in other cafes of traverfe, although the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, be or shall be in such cafe intituled to any such lands, tenements or hereditaments, by double matter of record \ any law, custom or ufege to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That where any inquifition or office is or shall be founden by thefc words or like, §>uod de quo vel de quibus tenementa prtd. te-nmt. Jurat. predict. ignorant^ or elfe founden holden of the King, Per qua fervic. ignorant, or such like, that in such cafe such tenure fo uncertainly founden, De quo vel quibus tenementa pradifi. tenentur ignorant, (nail not be taken for any immediate tenure of the King, nor such tenure fo founden of the King, Per qua fervic. ignorant, shall not be taken for any tenure in capite, but in such cafes a Melius inquirendum to be awarded, as hath been accuftomed in old time \ any usage of later time to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where it is or shall be founden by any office or inquifition, that any lands, tenements or hereditaments are or shall be de-feended, remained or come unto any heir within age, and in the King’s ward, or that ought to be in the King’s ward, and that such lands, tenements or hereditaments are holden of the King immediately, where indeed the fame are or shall be holden of fome other common perion, and not of the King immediately : That in such cafe such heir or heirs shall and may have their traverfe to the lame, within age, and like remedy and reftitution upon his or their title found or judged for him or them therein, as hath been accuftomed and ufed in other cafes of tra-verfes; any law, ufege or custom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

X.	Alfo where the King's ntajejly by his prerogative ought to haw as well Juch lands and tenements as be holden of other persons, as holden of himfelf immediately, whereof his tenant holding of him in chief

dictb

  v^ooQle

1548*] Anno fecuhdo & tertio EdW. VI. c.8.

&etb fiifedy his heir being within age, until such time as livery be fued by Juch heir, and that the meah lords of whom the said other btds and tenements of Jiich heir be holden, u/ed to ftare the rents due to them for the fame lands or tenements holden of them during the King’s Pqffiffon: (2) And when such heir hath fled his or their li-very, they ufe by aiftrefs or otherwife to compel the said heir to pay td them the arrearages of such their rents, for such time as the said lands and tenements were in the King's poffejfon by such minority, where they Jbould have fled by petition to the King's majefy to have obtained the fame cut of the King's hands4, if they would have the fame 5 which is to the great detriment, lofs and hindrance of such heir and heirs: (3) For redrefs whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That from henceforth such mean lords during such minority, shall have, receive and take their said rents by the hands of such the King's officers as shall be appointed to nave, receive and take the iflues, revenues and profits of the fame lands and tenements fo holden of such mean lords, during the minority and nonage of such heir and heirs, and until such heir and heirs fue his or their livery ; (4) and that such heir and heirs until such time as he or they shall have fued their livery, or might convenierftly have fued their livery, shall he thereof clearly difcharged.

XI.	And tnat such officer or officers (hall, upon requeft made, pay the fame to such mean lords (they giving to such officer and officers a fufficient acquittance or acquittances for the receipt of the fame:) (2) And that such payment thereof made, with acquittance or acquittances thereof (hewed, shall be to such officers a fufficient difcharge againft the King’s majesty and his heirs upon his or their account in that behalf; any law, usage or euftom heretofore had or ufed to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-forefaid,_ That this aft or any thing therein contained shall not in any wife extend to any inquifition or office taken or founden at any time before the xx. day of March next coming, nor to hinder, prejudice or take away the title, intereft or pofleflion of our fovereign lord the King, or of any other person or persons, grown or come by virtue, mean or occafion of any inquifition or office taken or found before the fame day; (2) but that as wed our said fovereign lord the King, as all other person and persons having any title, intereft or poffeffion, by virtue, mean or occa-fion 0? any inquifition or office found before the fame day, shall and may have, hold and enjoy the fame in like manner and form as though this a61 had never been had or made; any thing in the fame aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIII.	Provided also, and it is enafted by the authority afore-faid. That in all such cafes as any person or persons shall be enabled by this aft to have any traverfe, u*ld shall purfue his or their traverfe, that then he or they that shall purfue such traverfe shall fue one writ or feveral writs of Scire facias, as the cafe shall require, againft all and lingular such person $md persons

2	as

303

A remedy for the rents of the mean lords where the King hath the wardflfip.

An office found before the xx. day of March 154^.

Upon a traverfe a feire facias shall be awarded a. gainlt the King's patentees.

 

3° 4

Anno fccundo & tertio Edw. VI. 0.9,10.	[1548*

as shall have intereft by the King or by his patentee or patentees, in like manner and form as is requifite upon traverfes or petitions heretofore purfued: (2) And that in every such Scire facial the patentees or other defendants shall have like pleas and advantage, as they had in any Scire facias before this time awarded Two writs of againft any patentee in any cafe of petition ; (3) and also upon fearch upon a every traverfe that shall be purfued by virtue or mean of this aft, traverfe. jn such Cafe as the party or parties that shall purfue any such traverfe (hould by the order of the common laws of this realm have been put to fue by petition to the King, there shall be two writs of fearch granted, in manner and form as like writs have been granted upon petitions made to the King.

Notwithftand- XIV. Provided also, and it isenafted by the authority above-i*rav,crfe &id. That if after any judgment shall be given upon any tra-fbnticrnght ver^e’ (bat shall be tendred or fued by virtue or mean of this aft, shall be referv- ft shall appear by any matter of record, that the King hath any ed.	other	former	title,	right	or	intereft	to	the	manors,	lands,	tene-

C0.Lit.77. ments or other hereditaments mentioned in the fame traverfe, g. that then the fame title, right and intereft shall be faved to the sCo. 168* King, the said traverfe and judgment thereupon given in any Lord Som- # wife notwithstanding.	•

meps arg. in the banker's cafe, See.

CAP. IX,

A confirmation of all former statutes made concerning tanners, curriers and cordwainers. The feveral duties of curriers, cordwainers, coblers, girdlers, leatherfellers, &c. in ufing, cutting, making or felling of their wares, and of fearcbers to view, fearch and feal the fame. The penalty of tranfporting of leather. Of what quantity a tanner shall cut his foie leather. Repealed by 5 Eliz. c. 8. which aft and all afts thereby repealed are repealed by 1 Jac. 1. c. 22. •

CAP. X.

In tthat manner malt shall be made and ufed.

Several unlawful practices ufed in the making and felling of malt.

4 Lift. 163.

The bill for true making of malt.

WHERE divers and sundry perfons taking upon them the art akd myferyof malt makings and Jiindry other persons tendring more their own private lucre, gain and profit than the wholfotn victualling of the King's majefiy, the nobility of this realm and other his Grace's JubjeflSy have now of late by their unfatiablicovetous and greedy minds, accujlomably and commonly made much tnalt unpure and an-feafenable \ for that they have made the fame malt in eight or nine days, where indeed the fame cantiot be well and perfectly made, unlefs it hatfe the time andfpace of twenty-one days in the making thereof: (2) And where also divers and sundry of the said makers of malt commonly have and do jlackly and deceitfully dry the malt fo ay them made \ for that they would have an inordinate iticreafe thereof by the fwelling of the said malt, whereby the fame malt not being fujficient-ly dried, cannot be kept any long time or fpace, but it will be mufty and full of weavels, whereby nowholfom drink for mans body can by any means be thereof made, which is not only to the great peril and danger

Anno secundo & terdo Edw.VI. c,io.'	305

of the nobility and other the King's highness fubjefls zuithin this reedtriy and also to the great lofs and decay of the common wealth of the fine, hut also an utter impoverifhment of the brewers of this said realm ; for that the said brewers (over and beftdes the unwholfomnefi of the drink which is commonly made thereof) cannot mob fo much m drink of fifty quarters of malt ^ being fo evil dried and made, as they might ana tan make of forty quarters being well and truly made: (3)

And also forafmucb as divers and sundry persons minding and feeling their own private and exeejfive gam and profit^ for get ting thereby their duty* and the order of charity towards the common wealth and their neighbours in this behalf do commonly ufe to put and mix good malt and mil malt together, and after put the fame malt to fide as good malty whereby many of the King's fubjefls nave been and are like to be very often deceived, to their great lofs and hindrance, contrary to tlx boeyofiy feemly and godly buyings felling and commutation that Jhould or ought to be amongjl Chrijlian people, fpecially in things concerning the fuftentaticn and JuJlenance of man's body:

II.	For remedy whereof, it may please the King’s majesty, Howlorig

with the advice of his lords fpiritual and temporal, and thecom- time malt shall mons, in this present parliament aflembled. That it may be j}® m fat» eftablifhed and enacted by the authority of the fame, T*hat no ^^rying/^ such person or persons at any time after the first day of March	*

next coming, shall make any barley malt (the months of Juney

July and Auguft only excepted) but that the fame shall have in making thereof, that is to fay, in the fat, floor, (leeping and fufficient drying of the said malt, three weeks at the leaft ; (2)

And that no such person or persons at any time within the said months vof June, July and Auguft, shall make any barley malt, except the fame have in the fat, floor, deeping and fuf-fleient drying, the time and fpace of feventeen days at the lead* under and without which time and times the said malt cannot be well and perfe&ly made, nor wholfom for man’s body; (2) up^ on pain to forfeit and lofe for every quarter of malt which shall be made by any person or persons, contrary to the tenor, purport and true meaning of this a<5t, two (hillings. (4) And be it None shall further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no person or mingle good persons, after the first day of March next coming, (hail mingle	cvi1

or put together any malt, not being well and fumciently made, or being made of mow-burnt or fpired barley with other good malt, and after put the fame fo mingled to fale, upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every quarter fo mingled and put to fale, two (hillings.

III.	And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid*. Malt shall be That if any person or persons after the last day of January next well trodden, doming shall put to fale any malt which shall not be fufficiently rubbed and and well trodden, rubbed and well fanned, whereby there may. 2’ c be conveniently fanned out of one quarter thereof half a peck of

duft or more; that then the person fo putting the fame to fale shall forfeit and lofe for every quarter fo put to fale, twenty pence* (2) The moiety of all which forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord * and the other moiety thereof to the Vol. V.	X	party

  t^ooQle

^o6	Anno	fccundo&tertio	Edw.VI.	c.ti.'	[1548;

party that will fue for the fame by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of the King’s courts, wherein no protection, wager of law or effoin, nor injunction shall be admitted or allowed.

Juftices, flew- IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, arH8°«LeCt8 .That the justices of peace in every of their feffions, and also towns	t^ie ^rwar<^ ,n every leet, shall have full power and authority by

wi(h	virtue of this aCt, to enquire, hear and determine, as well by

prefenttnent of twelve men, as by accufation or information of two honed witneffes, of, for and upon all and every the offences and forfeitures aforesaid, as well for the King as for the party that shall fue, procure or caufe the fame to be prefented as is before faid. (2) And that the bailiffs and conftables of every borough or market-town, or other town where any such maut shall be made or put to fale, shall have full power and authority from time to time to view, fearch and furvey all such malt as shall be made or put to fale within any of the said towns : (3) And if any of them shall thereupon find any malt fo put to fale, being evil made or mingled with evil malt, contrary to the tenor and true meaning ot this present ad; that then the said bailiff or condable fo finding any such malt evil made or mingled as is aforesaid, with the advice of one Juftice of peace within the (ame (hire, shall caufe the fame to be fold to such person or persons, and at such a reafonable price or prices, and under the common price of the market, as to his diferetion shall feem ne-ceflary and expedient. tialt made for V. Provided alway, and be it also enaded by the authority 2-a man’s own forefaid, That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, mall provifion. extend to the making of malt for any man’s own provifion for his own houfe or family, neither to charge or be prejudicial to any person or persons, for or concerning any of the offences Within what or forfeitures aforesaid; except he or they fo offending shall hap-time an of- pen to be fued, prefented and accufed for the (ame, m manner fender shall be arKj form aforesaid, within one year next after any such offence prefenftd. or 0g*ences t0 be done or committed; any thing in this present ad contained to the contrary notwithdanding. (2) This present ad to continue until the end of the next feflion of parliament. Rruived by 27 EL c. 14. and by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. continued to the end cf the next feffion of parliament, and fartlxr continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XI.

No tanner shall put any tanned leather to fale (faving calves (kins) .	tanned	and	mixed	with	afhen	bark,	tapworth, meal or culver

,	dung, and unlefs it hath lien in the tan-ozes fufficiently

. . .	wrought three quarters of the year at lead: Nor shall over-

burn with lime any hides, nor shall fet his fats in tan-hills, or shall put any hot liquor or ozes in the fats wherein hides shall be put to tanning: Or shall pradife any other way for the over fpeedy tanning of hides, or whereby they shall be burned or fcalled : Or shall cut any hide of fteer or cow to

make

  v^,ooQle

J54^-3 Anno secundo & tert;jo Edw, VI. c.12,13.	307

make clout-leather thereof: Or shall tan any (heep (kins:

Upon pain to forfeit the fame leather, &c. and vj. s. viii.d. for every hide. EXP. i Mar* Seff. a. c. 13. Revived by 2 EJ. r. 9. and repealed by 5 EL c. 8. and 1 Jac. 1. c. 22.

CAP.XH.

A confirmation of all leafes ami grants by copy of court-roll for life or lives, not exceeding three-lives, of any lands of th^ duke of Somerfei\ called barton’s lands, or demefoe lands, made or to be made by the said duke’s affigns to any perfon.

CAP. XIII.

An act for payment of tithes.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the iv. in whatman?

day of February in the xxvij. year of the reign of the late ner tithes King of moji famous memory, King Henry the viij. there was an aft 0USht t0 he i made concerning payment of tithes predial and perjonal: (2) And also g c 2<J> in another parliament holden at Weftminfter the xxiv. day of July 31 jj* %% c*. f in the xxxij. year of the reign of the said late King Henry the viij. 1 Roll. 13,90, t another aft was made concerning the true payment of titles and offer- 354-ings ; (3) in which feveral afts many and divers things be omitted §|vjj° V* 4 *

I end U ft	which were convenient	ond very to be to God bolt *n«

the fame: (4) In confideration whereof, and to the intent the pi. 30.

Cud tithes may be hereafter truly paid, according to the mind of • • *'

the makers of the said a<$ts, be it ordained ana enadled by the

King our fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual

and temporal, and the commons in tills present parliament af-

fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That not only the 1 Inft. 64s.

faid a&s made in the said xxvij. and xxxij. years of the reign of »'*

the laid late King Henry the viij. concerning the true payment of

tithes, and every article and branch therein contained, shall a-

bide and (land in their full ftrength and virtue; (5) but also be »BuHh*5fiSfr

it further enadled by the authority of this present parliament,

That every of the King’s fubjedts shall from henceforth truly fl^^e^fortS and juftly, without fraud or guile, divide, fet out, yield and and pay his t pay, all manner of their predial tithes in their proper kind as they predial tithe*, rile and happen, in such manner and form as hath been of right1	611#

yielded and paid within forty years next before the making of JmocL 50?* this adl, or of right or custom ought to have been paid: (6) Raymond 14. And that no person shall from henceforth take or carry a way any Hardrefs 315. such or like tithes, which have been yielded or paid within the * Vei?t' ,*6; . said forty years, or of right ought to have been paid, in the Ca ‘3 I# place or places titheable of the fame, before he hath juftly divided or fet forth for the tithe thereof the tenth part of the Tame, or otherwife agreed for the fame tithes with the parfon, vicar or other owner, proprietory or fermor of the fame tithes; (7) under the pain of forfeiture of treble value of the tithes fo taken or carried away.

II. And be it also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That at all The penalty times whensoever and as often as the said predial tithes shall be tor carrying

X 2	"	due.

  CjOCK^Ic

&

of com or liay before tithe be fet forth, or for letting the parfon to carry it.

Co. pi. f. x6i. % Bulft. iz8,

3 ifulftr. 278. God bolt 245. vl 342.

Moor 528. Hob. 218. Cro. Jac. 57, 68, 70,318.

2 Roll. 54. HetWV 123. Mar$h 57.

Tithe of cattle feeding in a Mftfte where the pari(h is not known.

lamb dif-charged of tithe by pre-feription^or tom pofition.

% Co. 44.

*3 Co. 42.

€0. pi. 45t,

454. 457-* Roll. 479.

The tithe of Warren heath or wafte ground.

I^yer 170.

Anfto secundo & ttrtioEDW.VI. C.13.4	[1548;

doc, and at the tithing time of the fame, it to be lawful to every party to whom any of the said tithes ought to be paid, or his deputy or fervant, to view and fee their said tithes to be juftly and truly fet forth and fevered from the nine parts, and the fame quietly to take and carry away: (2) And if any person carry away his com or hay or his othef predial tithes* before the tithe thereof be fet forth ; (3) or willingly withdraw his tithes of the fame or of such other things whereof predial tithes ought to be paid ; (4) or do (top or let the parfon, vicar, proprietor, owner or other their deputies or farmers, to view, take and car-ry away their tithes as is abovefyid ; (5) by reafon whereof the said titneor tenth is loft, impaired or hurt; that then upon due proof thereof made before the fpiritqal judge or any other judge to whom heretofore he might have made complaint, the party fo carrying away, withdrawing, letting or (topping, (haH pay the double value of the tenth or tithe fo taken, loft, withdrawn or carried away, over and befides the cofts, charges and ex-pences of the fuit in the fame: (6) The fame to be recovered before the ecclefiaftica! judge according to the King’s eedefiafti-cal laws.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefrid, That all and every person which hath or shall have any beafts or other cattle tithable, going, feeding or depafturing in any wafte or common ground, whereof the parifti is not certainly known, shall pay their tithes for the increafe of the said cattle fo going in the said wafte or common, to the parfon, vicar, proprietor, portionary, owner or other their farmers or deputies of the parifti, hamlet, town or other place, where the ownet of the said cattle inhabiteth or dwelleth.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-forefaid, That no person shall be fued or otherwife compelled to yield, give or pay any manner of tithes for any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, which by the laws and fta-tutes of this realm or by any privilege or prefeription, are not chargeable with the payment of any such tithes, or tftafbedif^ charged by any compofition real. 32 H. 8. c. 7. § 5. *

" V. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-forefaid, That all such barren heath or wafte ground, other than such as be difeharged for the payment of tithes by abi of parlia-fiament, which before this time have Iain barren and paid no tithes by reafon of the fame barrenriefs, and now be or hereafter shall be improved and converted into arable ground or meadow, shall from henceforth, after the end and term of feven years next after such improvement fully ended and determined, pay tithe for the corn and hay growing upon the fame; anything in this abl to the contrary in any wife notwitftftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and be'it enabled by the authority * forefaid, That if any such barren, wafte or heath ground, hath before this time been charged with the payment of any tithes, and that the fame be hereafter improved or converted into arable ground or meadow; that then the owner ov owner* thereof (ball,

during

  v^ooQle

*54^.] Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw.VI. c.ij.	309

during fcvcn years next following from and after the feme improvement, pay such kind of tithe as was paid for the feme before the laid improvement; any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife ndtwithdanding.

VII.	And be it also further enafted by the authority afore- Who fliall pay feid, That every person exercifing merchandifes, bargaining and t!'®,r Pcr^^1 felling, clothing, handicraft or other art or faculty, being such tltbC8# kind of peifons, and in such places, as heretofore within thefe

forty years have accuftomably ufed to pay such perfonal tithes, or of right ought to pay, (other than such as been common day-labourers) shall yearly at or before the feaft of Eajitr pay for his perfonal tithes the tenth part of his clear gains, his charges and expences, according to his eftate, condition or degree, to be therein abated, allowed and dedufted.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in all such Handicrafts places where handicrafts-men have ufed to pay their tithes with- men having in thefe forty years, the fame custom of payment of tithes to u/ed t0 Pay be obferved and to continue ; any thing in this a# to the con-txt cs* trary notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it also enafted by the authority aforefeid. That The ordinarf

if any person refufe to pay his perfonal tithes in form aforefeid, ™ay examine that then it shall be lawful to the ordinaiy of the fame diocefe	fpay

where the party that fo ought to pay the laid tithes is dwelling, his tithe.P * to call the feme party before him, and by his difcretion to exa-minehim by all lawful and reafonable means, other than by the

the parties own corporal oath, concerning the true payment pf the feid perfonal tithes.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Payment of feid. That all and every person and persons which by the laws offerings, or cuftoms of this realm ought to make or pay their offerings,

(hall yearly from henceforth well and truly content and pay his or their offerings to the parfon, vicar, proprietor or their deputies or fanners of }he parifh or parilhes where it shall fortune or happen him or them to dwell or abide; and that at such four offering-days, as at any time heretofore within the fpace of four years laid pad hath been ufed and accuftomed for the payment of the feme, and in default thereof to pay for their said offerings at «£<z/?*rthen next following.

XI.	Provided also, and be it enafted by the authority, afore- Tithe of fife, feid. That this aft or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any parifh which (lands upon and towards the fea-coads,

the commodities and occupying whereof coniideth chiefly in in (idling, and have by reafon thereof ufed to fatisfy their tithes by fi(h; but that all and every such parifh and parilhes lhalj hereafter pay their tithes according to the laudable cufloms, as they have heretofore of ancient time within thefe forty years ufed and acpuflomed, and shall pay their offerings as is afore-laid.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Paymentof aforefeid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, shall tithe by hou-not extend in any wife \q the inhabitants of the city of London ^es* o

X 3	and	Utth 8J-

  ooqLc

Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI.



c#

and Canterbury, and the fiaburbs of the fame, tie'to any other town or place that hath ufed to pay their tithes by their houfes, fctherwife than they ought or (hould have done before the making of this aft, any thing contained in this adb to the contrary in any wife notwkhftahdingr Suits for with- XIII. And be it farther enacted by authority aforesaid, holding of That if any person do fubftradt or withdraw any manner of tithes, tithe* mall be ©bventions, profits, commodities or other outies before men-fiaftical^ourt tlone<*> or arty Part them, contrary to the true meaning of aBulftr. 67. this a<5t, or of any other adt heretofore made, that then the party fo fubftra&ing or withdrawing the fame, may or shall be con-vented and fued in the King’s ecclefiaftical court, by the party from whom the fame shall be fubftra&ed or withdrawn, to the intent the King’s judge ecclefiaftical shall and may then and there hear and determine the (kibe according to the King’s ecclefiaftical laws: (2) And that it shall not be lawful unto the parfon, vicar, proprietor, owner or other their farmers or deputies, contrary to this a<51, to convent or fue such with-holder of tithes, obventions and other duties aforesaid, before any Other judge than ecclefiaftical. (3) And if any archbifhop, bi(hop, chancellor or other judge ecclefiaftical, give any fen-tence in the aforesaid caufes of tithes, pbventions, profits, emoluments and other duties aforesaid, or in any of them, (and no appeal ne prohibition hanging) and the party Condemned do not obey the said fentence, that then it shall be lawful to every foch judge ecclefiaftical to excommunicate the said party fo as afore condemned and difobeying: (4) In the which fentence of ex-communication, if the said party excommunicate wilfully (land and endure ftill excommunicate by the fpace of forty days next after, upon denunciation and publication thereof in the parifti church, or the place or parifti where the party fo excommunicate is dwelling or mod abiding, the said judge ecclefiaftical may then at his pleafure (ignify to the King in his court of chancery, of the (late and condition of the said party fo excommunicate, and thereupon to require procefs De excommunicate capiendo to be awarded againft every (uch person as hath been lb excommunicate.

Uxcomimmir cation of the party condemned.

A copy of the XIV. Be it further enafbed by the authority aforesaid. That libel lliail be if any party at any time hereafter, for any matter or caufe be-

the^udges1 be ^ore re^iear^’ limited or appointed by this a<5f, to be fued or de-

ed.

1 Leon. 286. % Leon. 212

fore aprohi-* termined in the King’s ecclefiaftical cobrt, or before the eccle-bition grant- fiaftical judge, do fue for any prohibition in any of the King’s courts'where prohibitions before this time have been ufed to be granted, that then in every such cafe the fame party, before any. prohibition shall be granted to him or thdm, shall bring and deliver to the hands of fome of the justices or judges of the fame court where such party demandeth the prohibition, the very true copy of the libel depending in the ecclefiaftical court, concerning the matter wherefore the party demandeth the prohibition, fubferibed or marked with the hand of the fame party j and under the copy of the said libel shall be written the fu^eftion

wherefore

 

154&,]	Anna secundo & teitid Eiw.VL c. 13. \	3	rr

'whereforethe party fo demandeth the said prohibition: (2) and Dy«r *+*• in cafe the said fuggeftion, by two honed and fufficient witnefles cro"car72og at the lead, be not proved true in the court where the said pro- A^conStati- * hibition shall be fo granted, within fix months next following onVranted for after the said prohibition shall be fo granted and awarded, that default of pro-then the party that is letted or hindred of his or their fuit in the a foggef-ecclefiaftical court by such prohibition, shall upon his or their Carthew. 4^3. requell and fuit, without delay, have a confultation granted in Hetlev 147.' the lame cafe in the court where the said prohibition was grant- * R«lt* 55* ed 5 ( 3) and shall also recover double cofts and damages agairift 1 RoU'11 S> the party that fo purfued the said prohibition, the said cods and damages to be affigned or affefled by the court where the said confultation shall be fo granted; (4) for which cods and damages the party to whom they shall be awarded may have an adion of debt by bill, plaint or information in any of the king’s courts of recoro, wherein the defendant shall not wage his or their law, nor have anyeffoinor protection allowed or admitted.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Of what things aforesaid, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, shall *

not extend to give any minider or judge ecclefiadical any jurif-	plea-

diCtion to hold plea of any matter, caufe or thing, being contrary or repugnant to or againd the effect, intent or meaning of the statute of Weflminjler fecond, the fifth chapter, the datutes *3Ed- «• ftat* of Articuli deri, Circumfpefte agatis, Silva cadua, the treatife De * ftat u Rigid prohibition, ne againd the statute of anno primo Edwardi c. lf2)5. tertii, the tenth chapter, or any of them, ne yet hold plea in 1. Ed. 3. ft. a. anv matter whereof the King’s court of right ought to haveju- *** rifoidion; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any 18	3*

wife notwithdanding.	£d.*3. c,

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs, where heretofore such a cudom *lnft. 663, hath been in many parts of Wales, that of such cattel and other

^oods as hath been given with the marriage of any perfon, their

tithes have been exaded and levied by the parfons and curates in

thofe parts: (2) which cudom being difionant from any part of

this realm, as it feemed when the said country of Wales was

through civil diflenfion unculted, for want of other fufficient

profits that might otherwife grow to the curates and miniders

there, to have been for that time tolerable : So now the country

being well manured and hufbanded, and the tithe is duly paid

there of corn, hay, wool and cheefe, and of other increafe of

all manner of cattle, as it is commonly in all other parts of this

realm, the fame cudom feems to be grievous and unreajbnable,

fpecially where the benefices are elfe fufficient for the finding of

the said miniders and curates: (3) That it be therefore enaded No tithes of

by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of marriage

May next coming no such tithes of marriage goods be exaded	jj-Wales

or required of any person within the said dominion of Wales, or	*

marches of the fame; any thing in this ad contained, or any

other ad, cudom or prefeription had or made to the contrary C0.Lit.159. a*

hereof notwithdanding,

X4	CAP.

  CjOOQle

33 H. 8. c. 6. t3 Co. *8. Rep. by 6 & 7 W. 3.C.13.

f-3-

Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI. 0.14,15.	[1548,

CAP. XIV;

An adfc againft the (hooting of hail-(hot. No person may (hoot with an hand-gun in city or town at a mark,' or (hoot with

hail-(hot.

CAP. XV.

The bill of confpracies of victuallers and craftfmen.

Vi&uaHers T7 Ora (much as of late divers fellers of 'victuals, not contented confpiring to X1 with moderate and reafonable gain, but minding to have and fell their vie- to take for their victuals fo much as lift them, have confpired and co~ tainpricM* venanted together to fell their victuals at unreafonableprices: (2) and labourers And likewife artificers, handieraftfmen and labourers have made eon-confpiring federacies and promifes, and have fworn mutual oaths not only that toxlCutillCiil theyjhould not meddle one with another* s work, and perform and ft-punned * ^	anot^er ^th begun, but also to conftitute and appoint bow

*	■	much work they Jhall do in a day, and what hours and times they Jball

work, contrary to the laws and Jlatutes of this realm, and to the great hurt and impoverijhment of the King9s majesty's fubjeCts: (3) For reformation thereof it is ordained and enacted by the King our fovereign lord, the lords and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any butchers, brewers, bakers, poulterers, cooks, coftermongers or fruiterers, shall at any time from and after the first day of March next coming, confpire, covenant, promife or make any •oaths, that they shall not fell their vidluals but at certain prices; Tf e punifli- (4) or if any artificers, workmen or labourers do confpire, content df the venant, or promife together, or make any oaths, that they shall not labourers c°p. makeor do their works but at a certain price or rate, or shall not timeoir man- enterPr^e or take upon them to finirti that another hath begun, or ner of their	(ball do but a certain work in a day, or shall not work but at cer-

jvork.	tain hours and times, (5) that then every person fo confpiring,

$ El. c. 4.	covenanting, fwearing or offending, being lawfully convidt there-

of by witnefs, confcffion or otherwife, shall forfeit for the first offence ten pounds to the King’s highness \ and if he have fuf-ficient to pay the fame, and do also pay the fame within fix days next after his convidtion; or elfe shall fuffer for the fame offence twenty days imprifonment, and shall only have bread and water for his fuftenance: (6) And for the fecond offence shall forfeit twenty pound to the King, if he have fufficient to pay the fame, and do pay the fame within fix days next after his convidtion, or elfe shall luflfer for the fecond offence punifhment of the pillory; (7) and for the third offence shall forfeit forty pound to the King, if he have fufficient to pay the fame, and also do pay the fame within fix days next after his convidtion, or elfe shall fit on the pillory and lofe one o: his ears, and also shall at all times after that be taken as a man infamous, and hi$ faying, de-pofitions or oath not to be credited at any tifne in any matters of judgment.

A confpiracy ' II. And if it fortune any such confpiracy, covenant or pro^ ky * focicty or mife to be hfd and made by any fociety, brotherhood or compa-

................... '	V

  Google

1548'] Anno fccundo & tertio EdW. VI. c. 16,— 18. -	$13

ny of any craft, myftery or occupation of the victuallers above company of mentioned, with tne prefence or confent of the more part of victualler* them, that then immediately upon such act of confpiracy, covenant or promife had or made, over and befides the particular punifhment before in this aCt appointed for the offender, their corporation shall be diffolved to all intents, conftructions and purposes.

III.	And it is further ordained and enacted by the authority which map-aforefaid. That all and Angular justices of aflife, justices of ftrates may in-peace, mayors, bailiffs and stewards of leets, at all and every qu,^.ot£n<*, their feflions, leets and courts, shall have full power and autho- °“CI1 * rity to inquire, hear and determine all and Angular offences committed againft this ftatute, and to punilh or caufe to be pu-

nifhed the offender, according to the tenor of this ftatute.

IV.	And it is ordained and enacted by the authority afore-None of thefe faid. That no person or persons shall at any time after the ftrft

day of April next coming interrupt, deny, let or difturb any free- bi*ed ^woifc mafon, rough-mafon, carpenter, bricklayer, plaifterer, joiner, ia any town hardhewer, fawyer, tiler, paver, elafier, lime-burner, brick- tho’ he doth maker, tile-maker, plummer or labourer, born in this realm d.wcA or made denizen, to work in any of the said crafts in any city, p^^ed by borough or town corporate, with any person or persons that will 3 &4Ed. 6* retain him or them, albeit the said person and persons fo retain- c. ao. cd or any of them do not inhabit or dwell in the city, borough or town corporate where he or they shall work, nor be free of the fame city, borough or town; any ftatute, law, ordinance, or other thine whatfoever had or made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; (2) and that upon pain of forfeiture of five pound for every interruption or difturbance done contrary to this ftatute; the one moiety of every such forfeiture to be to the King, and the other moiety thereof to be to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, action of debt or information, wherein no wager of law, effoin nor protection shall be allowed. Continued^

22 £sf 23 Car. 2. c. 19. except as to such things as are thereby altered or repealed*

CAP. XVI.

The King shall have authority to remove such as have by letters patents the keeping of caftles, fortrefles or bulwarks, giving , to them as good fees, wages and profits and of such like eftate, and as good affqrance in the fame, as they had in the other.

EXP.

cap. xvn.

A confirmation of the attainder of Sir William Sherrington, who was indicted and attainted by confeflion of high treafon, for the counterfeiting of teftons to the value of xji. M. li.

CAP. XVIII.

£ir Thomas Seymour, lord Seymour, lord admiral, attainted of high treafon for attempting to get into his cuftody the perfon

of

  LjOOQle

$ 14	- Anoo fecuhdo & tertio EDW.VI. c. tg. [i 548-

of the King and the government of the realm, for obtaining many offices, retaining many men into his ferviceT for making great proviiion of money and victuals, and for endeavouring to marry the lady Elizabeth the King's After, and for perfuading the King in his tender age to take upon him the rule and order of himfelf. All persons shall be paid such debts as the said lord Seymour did owe them.

C AP. XIX.

An aft touching abftinence from flejh in lent and other ufual times.

Eating of flefh ALBEIT the King'sfubjefis now having a more perfect and on certain jT\ clear light of the gofpel and true word of God, through the forbidden"165**fin*te mercy an& clemency of Almighty God> by the hands of the sic 6 £*6.0.3. Kings majefly, and his mo ft noble father of famous memory, pr omul-gat ey Jhewed, declared and opened, and thereby perceiving that one day or one kind of meat of itjelf is not more holyy more pure, or more clean than another, for that all days and all meats be of their nature of one equal purity, cleannefs and holinefs, and that all men Jhould by them live to the glory of God, and at all times and for all meats give thanks unto him, of which meats none can defile Chrifiian men or make them unclean at any time, to whom all meats be lawful and purey fo that they be not ufied in difobedience or vice: (2) Yet fiorafmuch as divers of the King's fubjefts, turning their knowledge therein to fatisfy their fenfuality, where they Jhould thereby increafe in virtucy have of late time more than in times paf broken and contemned such abflinauiy Embring	which hath been ufed in this realm upon the Fridays and Saturdays,

days. Lent,	/fo embring days, and other days, commonly called Vigils* and in the

time commonly called Lent, and other accujlomed times: (3^ The -	King's majefly confidering that due and godly abfinence is a mean to

Virtue, ana to Jubdue mens bodies (0 their foul and fpirit, and confidering also fpeciafly that fijhers and men ufing the trade of living by fijb-ing in the fea, may thereby the rqther be fet on work, and that by eating of fijh much flejh Jhall be faved and increafei, (4) and also for divers other confiderations and commodities of this realm, doth ordain and enad, with the aflent of the lords fpirituar and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and AH laws con- by the authority of the (ame, That all manner of ftatutes, laws, cerning fall- conftitutions and ufages, concerning any manner of fading or ing repealed, abftinence from any kinds of meats heretofore in this realm for eating of ma(k or u fed, lhall from the first day of May next enfuing lofe flefh upon any their force and ftrength, and be void and of none effect, &c. day ufed commonly as a firti day. 27 El. c.**i. Altered a* to the penalty. 5 El. c.5. f. 15. and 35 El. c. 7. f. 22. The penalty for the fetond offence. Juftices of gaol delivery aud peace shall determine thefe offences. To what persons this statute shall not extena. *St. Laurence even, and St. Mark's day. Within what time the offender (hail be indicted. Exp. The laws appointing foil-days being expired.

cap.

  Google

x$48.] Anno secundo & tertio Edw.VI. c.20.	3x5

CAP. XX.

An incumbent for not paying of bis tenths due to the King,

; the fame being demanded, fiall be deprived of that bene- • jice.

WHERE in the parliament holdtn upon prorogation at Wcft-minfter the third day ^November in the fix and twentieth • year of the reign of the mofi excellent prince, King Henry the Eighthy father to our fovereign lord the King's majesty that now is amongji other things concerning the payment of one annual penfion of the tenth part of all pojfejfions of the churchy fpiritual and temporal, granted to the King's bigbnefs and. his heirs, tt was enafted, ordained and efia~

Hijbed, That every ecclefiafiical perfon, and other, having any ecclefi-aftical promotion or dignity, fpecified in the find aft, which did not duly pay the jaid tenth part, and by reafon thereof were certified by the archbijbop, bijbop or tfher authorifed in the [aid aft, fhotud upon such certificate made according to the tenor of toe said aft, be judged deprived ipfo fadto cf all such dignities and promotions Jpiritual9 that any Juch incumbent making such default, had at the time of any such certificate made, or at any time after, as by the said aft more plainly may appear.

II.	Forafmuch as the pain limited in the said flatute, in such form Tbe Inconve-ond manner as in the fame is exprejfed, is very fore and dangerous un- nicncies enfu-to all the King's faithful and obedient fubjefts of the clergy, whereof diversfith en the making of the faidfiatute, rntending none otherwife than touching de-3* mofi willingly and with good heart that payment Jbould be made of the privation of all said tenths by them due, without fraud or delay, to such officers, and aman’sfpiri-at such times as by the said flatute is appointed and declared, by the Jua*ll^,n|s *or default and negligence of their farmers, and other whom they have I^nt°o?tfe trufied to make payment thereof, and by divers other finifier means, tenth of one. being certified or making default of payment thereof, have incurred the pain and danger of the said fiatute^ with the lofs and deprivations of all the fpiritual promotions whereof they were then incumbents, being also made unable to take any other, 'to the utter undoing of such persons, and the like peril and danger of many other the King's mofi humble and faithful fubjefts of the clergy, againfi whom the like things may be praftifed and attempted hereafter: (2) For the moderation of which pain, and to the end that tbe King's majefiy, our fovereign lord that now is, and his heirs and fuccejfors, may be truly anfwered and fatisfied of the said yearly penfion or annual rent of the tenth part, united and knit to his imperial crown in manner and form as in the said aft is contained:

III.	The King’s said faithful and moft obedient fubjetfts, the The penalty clergy of this realm, do moft humbly bcfeech his Majesty, that for default of it may be  enacted and eftablUhed by his Highnefs, the lords pay7,e?J[ fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parlia- [heVorfekure ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any of that only a fum of the said annual penfion being once due, and demanded beneficeout of according to the manner and form ipecified in the said a<5t, be the which the not truly contented and paid uato such archbilhop or bifhpp, or amc 1S uc*

their

  L,ooQle

3>6	Anno	fecundo	& Certio Edw.VI. c.iil [1548^

their ministers and officers, or to such other person or persons, or their ministers or fervants, as shall have the charge of col-leftion thereof, every year yearly at the time of the laid aft exprefled, and thereupon certificate made into the King’s majesty’s court of firft-fruits and tenths, in writing under the feals of any archbifhop or bifhop, or of such as be limited and charged to the collection of the said penfion by the said former aft; then every incumbent fo making default and certified, shall be judged deprived ipfo fafto of that only dignity, benefice or other eccle-fiaftical promotion, by what name foever it be called, whereof such certificate shall be made * (2) fo that such dignity, benefice or other ecclefiaftical promotion, whereof any incumbent making such default of payment shall be judged deprived as is aforesaid, shall be clearly void and deftitute or incumbent in the law, to all intents and purposes as if such incumbent making such default of payment were dead in deed.

IV.	And that no incumbent making such default of payment shall be therefore made unable to take or enjoy any other benefit or promotion fpiritual, or incur any penalty, forfeiture or lofs to be paid by them, their executors or affigns for the fame default, other than in this present aft is heretofpre exprefled ; any thing in the said former aft, or any other ftatqtes or aft* contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Provided alway. That the (aid former aft concerning the

payment of the said yearly rent and penfion, amounting to the tenth part of every such dignity, benefige or promotion lpiritual* and every other aft touching the fame, and all articles, claufea and fcntences in them or any of them mentioned, exprefled or contained, noyv being in his or their force and eflfeft, othft than such as by this present aft be already qualified or mpderated, {hall ftana and abide in all his or their full ftrength, efifeft and virtue ; any thing in this present aft contained notwithstanding. Repealed by 2, & 3 Pb,	Ma.	c. 4, grid revived by 1 EL c. 4.

CAP. XXI,

Jn aft to take away all pofttive laws made againft marriage of priejls.

All laws pro- A Lthough it were not only better for the ejlimation of priefts^ hibiting fpi- j[\. and other ministers in the church of God, to live chafe, fohe toma ^ who an^feParate from	company of women, and the bond of marriage,

by Goers law but also thereby they might the better intend to the adminifration of may marry, the gofpely and be lefs intricated and troubled with the charge of bKC vold’ houjhold, being free and unburdenedfrom the care and coft of finding which would wfe an^ c^ddren, and that it were mojl to be wifhedrthgt they would enfue if priefts willingly and of their felves endeavour themfelves tq a perpetual chaftity and ministers and abfinence from the ufe of women; (2) fet forafmuch as the did live chafte, contrary hath rather been feen, and fiicb uncleannefs of living, and married Un" other great inconyeniencies, not meet to be rchcarfed, have follozved cf compelled chajiity, and of such laws as have prohibited thofe (Jucb persons) the godly ufe of marriage; // u/ere better and rather to bf , v	.	*	fuffertd,

  LiOOQle

*548.] AhnOfecundo & t€f&>EDW.VI« c. 42.'	3*7

Juffered in the common wealthy that' ihofe which could not contain, flxmld after the counfel of fcripture the in holy marriage, than feign-edly abufe with worje enormity outward chafiity or fmgU lift.4

II.	Be it therefore enaded by our iovereign lord the King,

With the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ail and every law and lawsjtofitive, canons, conftitutions and ordinances Heretofore made by authority of man only, which do prohibit or forbid marriage to any ecclefi-africal or fpiritual person or persons, of what eftate, condition •or degree they be, or by what name or names ibever they be called, which by God’s law may lawfully many, in all and e-yery article, branch and fentence, concerning only the prohibition for the marriage of the persons aforesaid, shall be utterly void and of none efted: (a) And that all manner of forfeitures, pains, penalties, crimes or adions which were in the said laws contained, aftd of the fame did follow concerning the prohibition for the marriage of the persons aforesaid, be clearly and utterly void, fruftrate and of none effed, to all intents, conftruc-tions and purposes, as well concerning marriages heretofore, made by any of the ecdeiiaftical or fpiritual persons aforesaid, as also luch which hereafter shall be duly and lawfully had, celebrate and made, betwixt the* persons which by the laws of God may lawfully marry.

III.	Provided alway, and be it enaded by the authority a- No manias* forefaid, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, shall witbwit au> not extend to give any liberty to any person to marry without ch^ch. afking in the church, or without any ceremony being appointed

• by the order preferibed and fet forth in the book intituled. The Book of Common Prayer and admimfiration of the facraments, £57. any thing above mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding. 2 £# 3 Ed. 6. c. 1.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Decrees and faid. That this ad, or any thing therein contained, (nail not

extend to alter, change, revoke, repeal, or otherwife to dif- t0 annul any decree, judgment, fentence or divorce heretofore had .or made", but that all and every such decree, judgment, fen-tends and divorce, shall remain and be of such like Force, effed, ftrength and degree, to all intents, conftrudions and purposes, as they were in before the making of this ad, and as though this ad had never been had ne made; this ad, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Enforced by 5^6 Ed. 6. c. 12. Repealed by 1 M. Sejf. a. c. 2. and made perpetual by 1 Jac. 1. c. 25. § 50.

CAP. XXII.

An all concerning colouring of cuftoms in other mens names9 to the deceit of the King.

WHERE at the parliament holden at Wert minder in the first a confirmath year of the reign of the noble King of famous memory, Henry on of the fta-tbt Eighth, it was ordained, ejtablijbed and enabled by the authority ttttc 1H *•

of

  v^ooQle

3t8	Anno fccundo & terdo Edw. V$. C.«.	{154$.

c. 5. touching ^ fa fan parliament, That it Jbouli be lawful from thenceforth, Coadrin§ie	Englilhman, and all other the King's jubielis, might in

name of o-* every port or haven within this realm England, Ireland an# thers.	Wales, and the marches of the fame, and in the town of Berwick,

See 1 El. c.ii. where it Jkquld happen any merchandife to arrive, or to he charged *•	and carried out, to custom in his name all manner oj goods and merz-

chandife of another Engliflunan or the King's fubjell: And in like form every merchant Jiranger to cujlm in his name any goods or neerr chandife of any other merchant Jiranger, fo that the said merchant ft ranger that cuftoms the goods of another merchant Jiranger, and the very owner or proprietary of the goods fo cuftomed, be charged with like cuftom, fubfidy, and other things, fo that the King's grate were not defrauded of his right.	(

II.	Ana if any merchant Jiranger or denizen, or any other the King's fubjell, custom any goods or merehandife of any other Jiranger or denizen, or of any other the King's fubjell, whereby the King's grace Jhould lofe his cuftom, Jubftdy or other his right or duty 5 that then the said merchant Jiranger or denizen, or any other the King's

.fubjell, that fo taketh upon himor them to do, Jhould forfeit to the King the, goods or merehandife fo accuftomed; (2) and over that, to forfeit to the party or partus in that behalf grieved, as much money as the goods or merchandife of the merchant Jiranger, denizen or other the King's fubjell fo cauteloujty cuftomed, amounted unto.

III.	And that no citizen of London, or other the King's fubjeSs inhabiting in the cinque-ports, or arty other being free of prifage or butlerage of wines, by grant, custom or othenmfe, Jhould custom no wines of any person or persons, not being free ofany prifage or butlerage. ( 2) And if any person free of the said prifage and butler-age fo did, that then the said person or persons that fo did, Jhould jorfeit to the King the double value of the prifage of the said wines Jo cuftomed. (3) And further, that it Jhould be lawful to any person ana persons grieved contrary to the said all, to have an allion of debt againft any person or persons that fo cuftomed the goods or mer-chandife in his name, and not in the owner's name, of the Jum of the value of the said merchandife fo cuftomed and forfeited: in the which all ion no ejfoin or preteltion jbouli lie, nor the defendant to wage bis law, as by the said former all more at large doth appear: (4) Sitb-ence the making of Which all, divers persons, qs well ftrangers and denizens as the King's fubjells, forgetting their bounden duties to the King's highnejs, and nothing fearing the penalties and forfeitures mentioned in the said former all, do daily deceive the King, as well in bis cuftoms and fubfidics, by payment of cuftoms and fubftdies in the names of such persons, other than such as be the very owners or proprietaries of the goods, wares and merchandife, of the prifage or butlerage of wines due to the King.

The penalty IV. Wherefore be it ordained and enadled by the King our for cuitoming fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-of ether mens ral, and of the commons, in this present parliament affembled, *°0<vf’ Jr er*‘ and by the authority of the fame, That if any ftranger bom, Jo'icth hisdu- denizen or not denizen, or any the King’s fubje&s, do at any time from or after the last day of March next coming, anything

or

  L^OOQle

*548-] Anno secundo &tertio Edw.VI. C.I3.	319

or aCt contrary to the true meaning, tenor and purport of the lame former a6t and ftatute, that then he and they fo offending, shall lofe and forfeit all his and their own goods and chattels perfonals for ever; (2) the moiety of which forfeiture lhall be to the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by biH, plaint, a&ion of debt or information; in which bill, plaint, adlion or information, no wager of law, efloin or protection shall be admitted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That every such bill, plaint, aCtion or information, lhall be had and purfued within three years next enfoing any such offence committed or done, or elfe the offender to be clearly free and difeharged thereof; any law or statute to the contrary had or made notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

The repeal of an aft made in the xxxij. year 0/ Henry the Eighth, which was made* That marriage contrasted in the face of the church, and confummate with. bodily knowledge, to be deemed lawful, any former contrail notwithstanding.

WHEREAS in the xxxij	year of the reign late King Partofthefta

oj famous memory, King Henry the htgbtb, becaufe that mteof precon many inconveniencies had chanced in this realm by breaking and difi tra&s repeai-folving of good and lawful marriages, yea, whereupon also fmetime c<*. ijfue and children had followed, under the colour and pretence of a former contrail made with another, the which contrail divers times was but very jlenderly proved, and often but furmifed by the malice ■of the party who deftred to be dijfolved from the marriage which they liked not, and to be coupled with another, there was an ait made.

That all and every such marriages, as within the church ^England /bould be contrasted and folemnized in the face of the church, and confummate with bodily knowledge, or fruit of children or child being had between the parties fo married, jbould be by the authority of the jaid parliament deemed, judged and taken to be lawful, good, juft and indijfoluble, notwithstanding any precontrail or precontrails of matrimony not confummate with bodily knowledge, which either of the persons fo married, or both, had made with any other person or persons before the time of contrasting that marriage which is filemni-zed or confummated\ or whereof such fruit is enfued or may enfue, as by the fame ail more plainly may appear; (2) Sit hence the time of which ail, although the fame was godly meant, the unrulinefs of men hath ungodly abufed the fame, and divers inconveniencies (intolerable in manner to Chriftian ears and eyes) followed thereupon, women and men breaking their own promifes ana faiths made by the one unto the other, fo fit upon fenfuality and pleafure, that if after the contrail of matrimony they might have whom they more favoured and deftred, they could be content by lightnefs of their nature to overturn all that they bad done afore9 and not afraid in manner% even

from

Anno secundo & tertio Edw. VI. g. 24.	[1548.

A repeal of fo mu£h of the

lage dilfoluble which is fo-lemnized in the church, and con fu in-mated with bodily knowledge and fruit of child.

from the very church door and marriage-featl^ the man to take another fpoufe, and (he ejpmfe to take another hufband, more for bodily lujl and carnal knowledge, than for furety of faith and truth, or having God in their good remembrancer contemning many times alfi the commandment of the ecdefiaJUcal judge, forbidding the parties having made the contract to attempt to do any thing in prejudice to thefame:

II.	Be it therefore  enacted by the King’s highness, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present par-

ftatute of 3» liament aflembled, That as Concerning precontrads, the laid maketb that^ f°rmer statute shall from the first day of May next coining ceafe, marriage in- he repealed, and of no force or effect, and be reduced to the eftate and order of the King’s ecclefiaftical laws of this realm, which immediately before the making ofthefaid eflatutein this cafe were ufed in this realm : (3) So that from the said first day of Mayr when any caufe or contrail of marriage is pretended to have been made, it shall be lawful to the King’s ecclefiaftical judge of that place to hear and examine the said caufe: And (having the said contrail fufficiently and lawfully proved before him) to give fentence for matrimony, commanding folemniza-tion, cohabitation, confummation and tradation as becometh man and wife to have, with infiiiling all such pains upon the difobedients and difturbers thereof, as in times paft before the said statute the King’s ecclefiaftical judge by the King’s ecclefiaftical laws ought and might have done, if the said statute had never been made; any claufe, article or fentence in the {aid statute to the contrary in any wife nothwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That this ad do not extend to difannul, difiblve or break any marriage that hath or shall be fo folemnizated and confummated before the said first day of May next enfuing, by title or colour of any pre-contra^, but thatthey be and be deemed of like force and effed, to all intents, conftrudions and purposes, as if this ad had never been had ne made; any thing in this present ad not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo. That this ad do not extend to make good any of the other caufes to the diffolution or difannulling of matrimony, which be in the said ad fpoken of and difan-nulled, but that in all other caufes and other things therein mentioned, the said former ad of the xxxij. year of the late King of famous memory do (land and remain in his full ftrength and power; any thing m this ad notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An aS far trial of murders and felonies committed in few veral counties.

Trial? of mur- T^Oraftnuch as the mojl neceffary office and duty of the law is to ders may be X1 prefervi and fave the life of man, and condignly to punijb fu(h in <e viral persons that unlawfully ana wilfully murder, fay or defray men1 count»tajjo	another and duty of law is to punijb robbers

6	tmi

A confirmation of the re-fidue of the said (tat. of 32 H. 8. c. 38. s Eliz. c. i.

 

*y Google

1547-] Annafecundo &tertio Edw.VI. c. 24.	321

and thieves* which daily endeavour themfelves to rob and feat* or 3 Tnft. 43,49, give ajjijlcmce to the fame* and yet by craft and cautele do efcapefrom 73» *35* the fame without punifhment:

II. And where it often happeneth and crneth in ure in sundry coun- No indiftmen* ties of this realm* that a man is felonioujly Jlricken in one county* by the com-and after dieth in another county, in which cafe it hath not been *A°nlawotthe founden by the laws or cujtoms of this realm* that any fuffieient in- t^tUftrickwi dittment thereof can be taken in any of the said two counties* for in one county, that that by the custom of this realm the jurors of the county wnere and dieth in such party died of fuchJlroke* can take no knowledge of the said another. Jlroke being in a foreign county* although the fame two counties and places adjoin very near together; ne the jurors of the county where the Jlroke was given cannot take knowledge of the death in' another county* although such death mojl apparently come of the fame Jlroke •

So that the King's majejly within bis own realm cannot* by any laws yet made or known* punifh such murderers or manqueUersffor offences in this form committed and done; (2) nor any appeal at fome time may lie for the fame* but doth also fail* and the said murderers and manque tiers efcape thereof without punifhment* as well in cafes where the counties where such offences be committed and done may join* as otherwife where they may not join.	(3)	And also it is a common

practice amongf errant thieves and robbers in this realm* that after thiy have robbed or ftoln in one county they will convey their fpoil* or part thereof fo robbed and Jloln* unto fome of their adherents into fome other county where the principal offence was not committed ne done* who knowing of such felony* willingly and by falfe covin received the fame: (4) In which cafe, although the principal felon bt after attainted in one county, the accejfary efcapeth by reafon that he was accejfary in another county* and that the jurors of the said other county* by any law yet made* can take no knowledge of the principal felony ne attainder in the first county* and fo such acceffa-ries efcape thereof unpunijbed* qnd do often put in ure the fame* knowing that they may efcape without punifhment: (5) For redrefs The trial of « and punifhment of which offences, and fafeguard of man’s life, manqoflter be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That where any person or persons hereafter mall be felonioufly ftricken in one county or poifoned in one county, and die of the fame flroke or poi- which dieth foning in another county, that then an indidlment thereof th^rcotm an* founden by jurors of the county where the death shall happen, whether it (nail be founden before the coroner upon the fight - inft. 155. * of; such dead body, or before the juflices of peace, or other \ Mod. iai. juflices or commifl>;ners which shall have authority to enquire of such offences, shall be as good and effcdlual in me law, as if the ftroke or poifoning had been committed and done in the fame county where the party shall die, or where such indidl-ment shall be fo founden -* any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ill And that the juflices of gaol-delivery and Oyer and Termi- ^ere ^ net* in the fame county where such indidlment at any time here- peal of murder after shall be taken, and also the juflices of the King’s bench, rathe cafe a-after such indidlment shall be removed before then), shall and forced shall . Voi.V.	Y	'	ma^	Purfu*d*

  Goot

2*2

Anno secundo & tcrtio Edw. VI.

c. 24.	[	154.9.

may proceed upon the fame in all points, as they (hould or ought to do, in cafe mch felonious ftroke and death thereby enfuing, or poifoning and death thereof enfuing, had grown all in one and the fame county : (2) and that such party to whom appeal of of murder shall be given by the law, may commence, take and fue appeal of murder in the fame county where the party fo fe-lonioufly ftricken or poifoned shall die, as well againft the principal and principals as againft every acceffary to the fame offences, in whatfoever county or place the acceflary or acceflaries inft shall be guilty to the fame. (3) and further, the justices before whom any such appeal shall be commenced, fued and taken, within the year and day after such murder and manflaughter committed and done, shall proceed againft all and every such acceffary and acceflaries in the fame county where such appeal shall be fo taken, in like manner and form as if the fame offence or offences of acceffary or acceflaries had been committed and dbne in the fame county where such appeal shall be fo taken, as well concerning the trial by the jurors, or twelve men of such county where such appeal or appeals shall be hereafter taken upon the plea of not guilty pleaded by such offender or offenders, as otherwife.

"Trial of an ac-	IVr And further be it enaCted by authority aforesaid. That

ceflary in one where any murder or felony hereafter shall be committed and done in one county, and another person or mo shall be acceflary or acceflaries in any manner of wife to any such murder or felony in any other county, that then an indiament found or taken againft such acceflary and acceflaries upon the circumftance of Aich matter before tne justices of the peace, or other justices or commiflioners, to enquire of felonies in the county where such offences of acceffary or acceflaries in any manner of wife shall be committed or done, shall be as good and effectual in the law, as if the said principal offence had been committed or done, within the fame county where the fame indictment againft such acceflary shall be found : (2) and that the justices of gaol-delivery or Oyer and Terminer, or two of them, of or in such county where the offence of any such acceffary shall be hereafter committed and done, upon fuit to them made, shall write to the cujios rotulor’ or keepers of the records where such principal shall be hereafter attainted or convicted,*to certify them whether such principal be attainted, convicted or otherwife difeharged of such principal felony; who upon such writing to them or any of them directed, shall make fuffici-.ent certificate in writing under their feal orfeals to the said juftices, whether such principal be attainted, convicted or otherwife difeharged or not. (3) And after they that fo shall have the cuf-tody of such records, do certify that such principal is attainted1, convicted or otherwife difeharged of such offence by#the law*; that then the justices of gaol-delivery, or of Gyer and Terminer, or other three authorized, shall proceed upon every such accef-faty in the county where such acceffary or acceflaries became ac-cenary, in such manner and form as if both the said prmripad offence and acceffary had been committed and done in die (aid

county

county to a felony done in another, s Leon. 170. 3 Inft. 48. a Co. 117.

  v^,ooQle

.	1548-1	Anno secundo & tertio EdwIVI. c.25,	J23

ft tounty where the offence of acceflary was or shall be committed I or done : (4) and that every such acceflary, and other offenders I above exprefled, shall anfwer upon theif arraignments, and re-f ceive such trial, judgment, order and execution, and fuffer such forfeitures, pains and penalties, as is ufed in other cafes of felony $ any law or custom to the contrary heretofore ufed in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

A bill for keeping of county-courts.

WHERE heretofore in the mojl part of dll the /hires and counties Sheriff* shall within this realm, the county-court is and hath been ufuatly ^n^-courtt left and holden from month to month, and fo at every month's end one monthly. county ; yet albeit in feme counties (though not many) the jaid county-j courts are holden from fix weeks to fix weeks, by force whereof the of-| pars award out procefs as well for the King as procefs of the peace, out	v

j of tie King’s bench, as also other common procefs betwixt party and party, and the attornies and follicitors, who fee the fame, not knowing the private custom of tbofe particular /hiresy which have and uft their count ies to be holden every fix weeks, give their procefs Eke return as in tbofe /hires which have common custom to hold and keep county-courts every month; whereby the King’s fuits be not only deferred, the plaintiffs and demandants delayed of their lawful actions and demands, hit • also the find plaintiffs and demandants thereby put to double cofi^ and I charge, to the great ignominy and (lander of the law, incouraging of ? the offenders and tranfgreffors, and to the continual impoverifhing of aU .

1 tbofe who have caufe of Juit:

II. In confideration whereof, be it enatted by the King our County courts fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- shall be kept mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- monthly, tity of the lame. That from and after the first day of October next eniuing this present feflion of parliament, no county-court or courts hereafter to b$ kept within this realm shall be longer deferred but one month from court to court, and fo the laid courts from thenceforth shall be kept every month and none otherwife; any ufage, cuftom, statute or law heretofore had or made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Where the the {heriff of Northumberland from thenceforth shall keep the c^“nt>r'court county-court of that (hire in the town or caftle of Alnewick and beriajui ihSl in none other place; any latter ufe lately begun and brought in be kept, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft againft the carrying of white afhei out of the

realm-

CONSIDERING that white a/hes made within the realm, and White afhet other the King’s dominions and territories, are very neceffary and	n®t be

1 expedient for the making offoap and falt-petre, and for the whiting ^o^thT of Entn cloth, dying and fcowring of woollen cloth, and for other fo,

12	needful

324	Anno	fectlftdo	& tertio EDvr. VI. c.27,28. [1548

needful things in the realm; and that the fame ajbes now of late have been tommonly conveyed over the feas9 and thereby enhanced irt price, and Jo fcarce9 that the King's loving fubjefis cannot have fuf~ ficient of the fame for any convenient prices: (2) Wherefore be it ordai ed and enaCted by the King’s highness, with the aflfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no person or persons, after the first day of Jpril next 1	coming,	(hall (hip, lade, carry or convey any white afhes to-

wards the parts beyond the feas, upon pain of forfeiture of The penalty, vi. s. viij. d. for every bu(hel of such a(hes fo to be (hipped or laded to be carried or conveyed into the parts beyond the feaS; (3) the moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the King, and the other moiety to him or them that Will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by a&ion, bill, plaint, or information; in the which a&ion, bill, plaint or information, no wager of law* efloin or protection shall be admitted or allowed.

CAP. XXVII. fThe bill againjl falfe forging of iron gaddsy injlead of gadds of Jleel.

hie have deceitfully forged and made

None may \ T/HERE divers persons of k

forge nor fell' YV cf certain iron, called Bil gadds of iron	_	j

Bilbow iron, like to the fajhion and ^keln fashion mfmner °f Sa^s °f PeeU and have fold the fame fo forged to

Heel

rd

divers of the King's fubjefts for Jleel, whereby the greatejl part of edged tools, weapons and ether necejfary things having edges, are of little or n6 value or gooinefs, to the great hurt of the King's loving fubjefls: (2) for reformation whereof, be it enaCted by the *	King’s	highnefs, by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

; and of the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person after the first ' day of May next coming do forge or make any such gadds of any irr.n, or do utter or put to (ale any such gadds of any iron. The penalty, he shall forfeit for ever gadd fo forged or ulterred, or put to fale, lv. d. (3) the moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fuefor the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by aCtion, bill, plaint or information, in the which a&ion, bill, plaint or information no wager of law, protection or efloin shall be allowed or admitted*

CAP. XXVIII.

For fines. with proclamation in the county palatine of Chefler.

The force of T N humble wife/hewn unto your excellent Mcdcfly, your true and fines levied of A faithful fubjefis and liege-men, the inhabitants of your Grace's fh?ieS before * MUnty palatine of Cheffer, That whereas heretofore by authority of the high juf- parliament, divers necejfary and beneficialfatutes have been made for tice ofChcfter, and concerning the levyuig of fines with proclamation, which are not or the deputy only necejfary for the preservation of quietnefs and.concord amongfi or lieutenant. y0Ur loving fubjetfs, and for the avoiding ofjlrife and contention, but also for the great and perfect ajfurance of au such persons to whom am such fines art levied of any lands % tenements and hereditaments \ which

faid

  v^ooQle

1548-] Anno secundo & tertlo Edw.VI. C. 29,7-3i* $25

faid beneficial and neceffary fiatutes do not extend to any fines to be levied within your /aid county palatine of Chefter: (2) in tender con- Extended to fideration whereof, pleafeth it your moft excellent Majesty, that the it may becnadted by your Highncfs, and the lords fpiritjaal and county of the temporal, and the commons in this present parliament aflembled, city of Chefter. and by the authority of the fame, That all and Angular fines, *1 Eliz. c. 15. which at any time hereafter fiiaU be levied or acknowledged 3* before the high juftice of our fovereign lord the King, or of his heirs and fucteflors, of his county palatine of Chefier for the time being, or before the deputy or lieutenant juftice there for the time being, of any lands, tenements or other hereditaments lying or being within tne said county palatine of Chefier, (3) which The force of mail be openly read and proclaimed three feveral days in the fines levied be-open feflions, in the prefence of the juftice of the said county pa- of Che-latinc of Chefier for the time being, or before the deputy or lieu- iter of lauds in tenant juftice there, at the fame felfions that the fame fine shall Chelhire. ' fortune to beingrofled, and also that shall be openly read and proclaimed in the prefence of the juftice of the said county palatine of Chefier, or before the deputy or lieutenant juftice there for the time being, at the two next general feflions that shall be holden in the said county palatine of Chefier, before the juftice of the said county palatine, or before the deputy or lieutenant juftice there, next after the levying and engrolfing of such said fine, at three feveral days in either of the said two feflions, after such manner and form as is commonly ufed in the King’s court of common pleas at JVefimin/ler, (4) shall be of like force, ftrength and effect in the law, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes, as fines being duly levied with proclamations before the King’s justices of his common pleas be or ought to be of.

CAP. XXIX.

An offender in buggery being attainted by confeflion, verdidl or *5 H. 8. c. 6. outlawry, shall fuffer death as a felon, without lofs of lands, 5 c# ,7# goods or corruption of blood. Rep. 1 M* feffi 1 cap. 1.

CAP. XXX.

The mayor and jurats of Rye and IVinchelfey m the county of Suffix shall appoint convenient places to lay on all ballaft that shall be caft out of any fhip or other veflel which shall come within the road, there to receive any loading; and all ballaft caft out pf any (hip shall be laid upon the said appointed place, upon pain of forfeiture of xl. s. for every tun of ballaft caft out contrary to the fame form aforesaid,

CAP. XXXI,

In the city of Chefter touching the taking of recognizance of fiatute merchant or Acton BurneL

IN their mofi humble wife Jbczvn unto your Higbnefs, your trne% Recognifances faithful and obedient fubjects, the mayor, aldermen, Jhtriffs and acknowledged commonalty of your Grace's city of Chefter, that where before this before the^ time the mayors of the said city of Chefter were appointed and autho- J?e7flia?/beie-rifed to tale and receive before the said mayers, receg?ii%awi wording g00Cj.

Y 3	.to ihif afl is not

oh tke t oll* <

3*6	Anno fccundo & tertio Edw VI. c.32.	[154^.

to the statutes merchant and of A&on Bumel, whereupon were delivered unto the said mayor by the King's majeftfs progenitors y that than were, a fpedal feal concerning the fame; by force whereof the mayors arid other officers there appointed (time out of mind) have continually ufed andtraftifed to take recognizances before them, of Jiatutes merchant ana A6ton Bumel, and enrolled the famey which ever hitherto was allowed, permitted aud taken to be good and effectual in the law 5 (2) until now of late that ambiguity and doubt hath rifen by means of certain finijier perforiSy more for the defrauding of right y equity and jufluty than upon any good ground or matter for their private commodity ; becaufe that in all points it doth not follow and agree, according xi Ed. 1. to all the ftroit words of the faidJiatutes merchant and A<fton Bur-nel, as well to the great hurt and Jlander of the said cityy as alfb to the decay of the merchants which have and Jhall lend their liv-ingSy wares ana money,and great boldnefs of the creditors and debtors to fence/offt a- detain the fame in their handSy to the great decay of the city: (3) where-tute merchant f°rc fortne inconvenience thereof, and also for the avoiding the &c. acknow- * said ambiguity and doubt, it may please your Highnefs, that ledged before it may be by your Grace, with the aflent of the lords fpirituai Chefte^ftla?/ anc* temPora^ and the commons, in this present parliament af-bc good in fembled, ordained, eftablHhcd and  enacted by the authority of law.	the	fame, That all and every such recognizance of statutes mer-

chant and A6ton Burnel, which after the first day of May next coming shall be taken, knowledged, enrolled, had and fealed with the said feal appointed to the said city of Chejlery before the mayor of the fame city for the time being, in like manner as heretofore the predeceffors mayors and other officers in the said city have accuftomed to take and enroll and feal, shall be as good, efre&uai and of force in the law, to all intents, conftru&ions and purposes, as if the taking of such recognizance did fully agree and accord to all intents and purrpofes, with the ftrait words of the (aid statutes of Alton* Burnel and the statute merchant: (4) and that upon all certificates of the said mayors hereafter, like procefs and execution to be awarded and directed out of the high courts of chancery and common place to all (heriffs, mayors, bailiffs or other officers in England or Walesy in as ample manner and form as is ufed elfewhere within this realm, for any recognizance taken upon any of the statutes aforesaid; any law, ftatute, liberty, franchiles or usage had or ufed to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft to continue certain Jiatutes•

Statutes con- \ T7HERE in the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter cernmg jjeo- V V tbexxxj. year of the reign of our late mojl dread Jovereign lord dT adf^at	Henry the Eightky and there by divers prorogations continued

^nies^and'of	the xxiv. day of July in the xxxij. year of the reign of the faid

granting a late King Henry the Eighthy there zvas one aft made and eftablijhed tales de cir- for and concerning the reformation of mifpleadingy Jeofayls, and at-cumftantibus f0rnjes . which said aft zvith the provifo were made to enaurc until the tuaL ,C PCrpC* klft day of the next parliament: (2) and where also at the parliament

holders

  L.ooQle

1548.] Anno fecundb & tertfo Edw. VI. c.33,34.	'	327

holden at Weftminfter in the xxxv.year of the reign of our said late 3*	*-c.	30.

mo ft dread fovereign lord, one aft was made, that for non-appearance 35 S* S‘ c‘6m injuries, to have de circumftantibus : (i) and in the parliament 37& * holden at Weftminfter in the xxxvii. year of the reign of our said late m c.7*	"	'

mqft dread fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, the said afts and either of tnem were continued until the end of the next parliament;

(4)	be it enaded and eftablilhed by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the faihe. That	'

the ads aforesaid, and either of them, and all claufes, articles and provifions in therti and every of them contained, shall continue and endure in their force and ftrength for ever. .

, CAP. XXXIII.

A bill for borfe and horfe-ftealers.

FORASMUCH as it is and hath been ambiguous and doubtful Whofoever upon the words mentioned in one aft of parliament made in the fteateth an firjl year of the reign of our fovereign lor athe King, Whether that any person being in due form of the laws found guilty, or otherwife^fh.1S8. cjb? attainted or convifted, for felonious fiealing of one borfe, gelding or % Ed. 6. c. is. mare, ought to be admitted to have or enjoy the privilege and benefit of f- *©• his clergy and fanfluary, (2) Therefore it is declared andenaded Dyfr 99* by the King our fovereign lord, and the lords and commons in p'S9% this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme parliament. That all and Angular person and persons feloni-oufly taking or ftealing any horfe, gelding or mare shall not be admitted to have or enjoy the privilege or benefit of his or their clergy or fanduary, but (nail be put from the fame, in like manner and form as though he or they had been indided or appealed for felonious dealing of two norfes, two geldings or two mares of any other, and thereupon found guilty by verdid of twelve men, or confefled the lame upon his or their arraignment, or (land wilfully or of malice mute.

CAP. XXXIV.	.	'

An aS touching the Jhcrijf of Northumberland to be accompt-able for bis office as other fhtriffs be.

FORASMUCH as thejberiffs of the county offS orthumberland, which have been named now of long time pajfed, have not accounted to the Kings majejly of the iffues and profits of their bailiwick in the Kings highness exchequer or elfewhere, as other Jherijfs of the said county in old time pajfed have done, nor as the Jherijfs of other corn-ties of this realm do at this time, but do yearly receive and take the whole profits thereof to their own ufes, to the great detriment and lofs of the King our fovereign lord, both of his vicouniels and ether farms anfwerable by the hands of the said floerijf, and of all other debts, iffues, fines and amerciaments within the said county, and of all alienations and intrusions, wards, marriages, reliefs andfuch other:

II.	Wherefore be it enaded by the King our fovereign lord. The (heriff of with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- Northumber-mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- !and ^ Put

  C.ooQle

328	Anno fccundo & tcrtio Edw.VT. C.35—37. [154.S-

the exchequer rity of the fame. That from henceforth all and every fuchper-comhltasoth f°n alK* ^^ons as shall be hereafter named" to be (heriff of the (kehffado. ^ said county of Northumberland, forthwith before he receive his patent, and before he do exercifeany part of the said office, shall put in fufficient fureties by himfelf or by his fufficient deputy or deputies unto the King's exchequer, tnere to enter in recognizances in such fum, and upon such conditions, as to the lord treafurer and barons of the said exchequer shall feem convenient, in manner and form as all other (heriffs of other counties of this realm do, upon pain of every such (heriff making default, to forfeit to the King’s majesty an hundred pound, to be levied of his goods and chattels, lanas and tenements, where-foeve'r they may be found, to the King’s highness ufe: (2) and that the said barons from time to time, shall caufe such procefs to be made for the King for the levying of the said hundred pound fo to be forfeited, to be direftea to such person and persons, and in such nature and fort, as to them shall feem bed for the King for the levying thereof; any thing in this aft, or any other law, ftatute, ufe> provifion or custom to the contrary not-withftanding.

How far the III. Provided always, and be it enafted by the said authority, (heriff of Nor- Tfyat any such (herifr being fo bounden as is abovefaid, shall thumberland not be accountable but for his own time and for the year of his wall be charge (herjffwjck only, neither shall be charged in or upon his account, by any procefs, with any arrearages or duties due to the King’s majesty by any of his predeceflors in the said office of (heriff; any thing in this aft or any law, usage or prerogative to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

A confirmation of a fubfidy of fix fhiljings in the pound, granted by the clergy to the King, to be faken in thred years. CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the relief granted to the King’s majesty, by the lords and commons, out of (heep, cloths, goods, debts, fcfr. to be paid in three years. Altered by 3 & 4 Ed. 6. e. 23. and now expired.

CAP. XXXVII.

An a3 againfl the carrying of bell metal cut of the realm.

No person '\XZHERE in the parliament holJen at Weftminfter in the three (haltcarry	V V and thirtieth year of cur late fovereigti lord of famous memory,

bell metal. King Henry the Eighth, it was enabled, That no pcrfoti or persons realm** fiotdd carry or convey by water or otherwife, any hrafs, copper, latton, 3* H. 8. c. 7. hell-metal, pan-metal cr gun-metal or Jhroff-ntetal, ivkethcrit be clean 3 Inft. 97.	or mixed, tin and lead only excepted, into any part beyond the fea, or

Savil 9,1*. into any outward realm or dominion whatfoever it be, upon pain of fer-upon ‘tbe "oLt*1 f£lture °f double the value thereof: (2) and where alfobythe said yon ero jlatute it was likewife enabled. That no person or persons JIjouM at any time Jlip or carry any of the said metals, to carry or difeharge the fame in any part of this realm, unlefs such person or persons, before the /hipping thereof did declare and mamfeft unto the cuftomars of Juch port or creek where tbe fame metalJbould be Jhipped, the true weight

of

 

1548,3 Anno secundo & tertio Edw. VI. C.37.	329

of all such metal as Jhould be flipped; (3) and flould alfi make a fuf-ficient obligation in the law, in the which he flould be bounden to the raid cuftomer % to the King's ufe> in Juch fum as flould amount Hr the double value of the jaid metal Jo declared and manifejledj with # condition that the fame flould be difcharged at fome port or creek within this realm, and in no other t>lacey upon pain to forfeit the fame, in manner and form above rehearfed, as by the said aft amongft other things more plainly appeareth.

II.	Forafmuch as the pains and forfeitures in the said eftatute are The penalty not great enough, and forafmuch also as divers covetous and greedy for carrying or persons having no rifle ft or obedience to the laws, have craftily and by allfinifler means praftifed to defraud the said eftatute^fome by brib- brau, latter, ing and rewarding the fearchers, majlersy purfers or other officers &c. beyond offlips j fome by fecret conveying thereof in fmall creeks fugar cbefts^the &a. mgfleads or otherwife: (2) be it therefore ordained and enacted, ^art That from and after the feaft of Eqfler next coming, no perlbn ^iCt I7/ or persons shall carry or convey, or (hip to the intent to carry or convey any brafs, copper, latton, bell-metal, pan-metal, gun-Vnetal or fhroff-metal, whether it be clear or mixed, (tin and lead only excepted) into any part beyond the fea, or into any outward realm or dominion whatfoever it be, (3) upon pain to forfeit the double value thereof and ten pound for every thousand weight of the feme metal fo carried and conveyed, or (hipped to the intent to be carried or conveyed; the trial whereof shall be in like manner and form as in the said former aft is expreffed,

: III. And be it further ertadted, That no person or persons af- ^at be mail ter the feid feaft shall (hip or carry any of the said metals pro- do that ihip-hibited by this ftatute, to carry or difeharge the fame in any part peth metals in of this realm, unlefs such person or persons before the (hipping	realm* to

thereof do declare and manifeft to the cuftomer of such port cany^o ang^ or creek where the fame metal shall be (hipped, the true weight therf of all such metals as shall be (hipped, and shall also before the (hipping thereof make a fufficient obligation in the law, in which he shall be bounden to the said cuftomer to the King’s ufe, in such fum as shall amount to the double value, and x 1. for every M. weight fo declared and manifefted, with condition as in the said statute is appointed and enacted, and shall make certificate of the difeharge thereof, in like manner as in the said statute is further ordained and enacted.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any cuftomer, comptrol- The penalty ler or his their deputy or deputies, by covin or by any other undue of a cuftomer mean, will fuffer any perfon, after that the metal is (hipped pr offending, carried contrary to the meaning of this adt, to make obligation

or obligations without dates, for the difeharge and certificate of their metal as is aforefeid, that then such cuftomer fo fuffering or receiving such obligation or obligations, shall lofe his office and the value of the metal fo (hipped or carried.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any matter, owner. The penalty purfer or boatfwain of any (hip do willingly permit or fuffer any

of the metals abovefaid to be (hipped contrary to the tenor ofca^rieth the'0 this adt, or elfe perceiving any such metals to fee (hipped, do not metal, difclofe the feme within three- days after knowledge had, to the

6	cuftomer

 

Google

Anno lertio & quarto Edw. VI.	[i 54-9	J

cuftomer or comptroller of the fame port or his or their deputy or deputies where the fame is fhipped, that then every such owner/ mafter, purfer or boatfwain fo willingly permitting the fame metal to be fhipped, or concealing the lame when he perceiveth it to be fhipped, shall forfeit the double value of the fame metal fo (hipped or carried: (2) and if any cuftomer or fearcher do willingly fuffer any of the metals aforesaid to be fhipped contrary to the meaning of this a&, or elfe having knowledge that it is fecretly (hipped or carried, do not feife the fame to the King’s ufe: then every cuftomer or fearcher fo offending shall lofe his office and tire value of the metal fo fhipped or carried.

No metal (hall	VI. J\nd be it further enabled, That no person or persons ftu|ll

where there it a^ter t*ie said fcaft lade, (hip or carry into any part beyond the •'cuftomer. * fea any of the metals aforesaid, but only out of such port or creek where the cuftomer or his deputy is resident and dwelling, upon

!>ain of forfeiture of the said metal and ten pound for every thow-and weight fo (hipped or carried; (2) the moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by bill, plaint, information, action of debt or otherwife, in any of the King’s courts, in which no efloin, prote&ion or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed, si H. *• c. 10. ^ VII. And be it further ena&ed, That the laid eftatute made A	in the said three and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late

tut" of 31H. Ki*1? Henry the Eighth, and every article and provifion, being >. c. 7.	*	not.altered by this eftatute, shall be good and ene&ual.

CAP. XXXVIII.

The ftreets, lanes, ways and caufeys in Calice, shall be paved, and all thehoufes there shall be covered with tiles or dates.

CAP. XXXIX.

The King’s general and free pardon confirmed by parliament.

ExceptEXP.	*

Anno tertio & quarto Edwardi Sexti.

ACTS made in the feffion of this present parliament, balden upon prorogation at Wefkminfter the fourth day 0/November intbetbirdyear of the reign of our moft dread lord Edward the Sixth, by the grace of , of England, France, and Ireland, defender of the , and of the church of England, and also of Ireland, earth the fupremfi head, and there continued and kept to the first of Februrary in the fourth year of the reign of our said fovereign	, as

as follvwetb.

CAP.

  (^.ooQle

1549*3 Anno tertio 8? quarto EPW. VI# C.i*	331-

CAP. I.

A* act that tbt lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time beingJhall name and appoint the cuftos rotu-k>rum throughout alljhtres 0/England, according as in time paft hath been accuftomed.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Wefttninfter in the The lord chan-fevenand thirtieth year of the reign of the mojl excellent prince	&c* u

rf famous memory* King Henry the Eighth* it was enabled* That no person or persons Jbould* from the making of the said ait* be no- jn evcry nutated and appointed to the, office or qffices of the cuftos rotulorum (hire of Eng-witbin any jhire of this realm of England, Wales, or other the ond 1 King’s dominions9 marches or territories of the fame, but such as	jjjj^ c u

fiuuld have a bill ftgned with the Kings hand fir the fame; (2) , w. ScM.# which bill ftgned Jbould be a fufficient warrant by authority of the said Sue. t. c. zx. ait to the lord chancellor of England and lord keeper of the great feal C 4-for the time being, to make from time to time commiffion or com-mffions* affigmng and authorizing thereby the fame person to be cuftos rotulorum, until the King had by another bill ajjigned, with bis own hand* appointed and ordained another person to have* occupy and exercife the fame office of cuftos rotulorum \ ( 3) and that the said person appointed and ajftgned to be cuftos rotulorum as is above-faid* Jbould and might occupy, exercife and enjoy the said office of cuftos rotulorum by himfelf* or by his fufficient deputy learned in the buvs of this realm, and meet and able to fupply the said office according to the tenor of the grant or commiffion, as by the fame ait among other things more at large it doth ana may appear:

II.	Since the making of which fiatute* divers and many persons	why

being in the said offices of cuftos rotulorum in divers Jhires of the	8 ^

realm, have departed this present life and died, fo that there hath (hould be af-net come to the hands of the chancellor of England or lord keeper of 6gned by the the great feal* any bill or bills ajftgned with the King's majefly's hand* }ord chancel-far the naming* appointing or affigmng of any new cuftos rotulo-rum in the fame Jhires* the Jaid offices have remained void for a ^ Mod. 167-!, long time* to the great let of jufiice\ {2) and also for that it Jha)l be very tedious and much to the molefttng of the King's majejly upon every avoidance of such cuftos rotulorum by death or otherwife, to move his Majejly for the figning of bills for other persons to be ele&ed* named* chofcn ana appointed to fupply the Jaid offices of cuftos rotulorum, being void; (3) and for that the nomination and appointing of the said office of cuftos rotulorum, long time before the making of the said fiatute last before rehearfed* did appertain and belong to the office of the chancellor of England or lord keeper of the greatfeal for the time being:

III.	Be it therefore enafted by the King our fovereign lord, The lord with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- chancellor,&c. mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- aPP°*nr rity of the fame. That the chancellor of England or lord keeper tulorum^n°* of the great feal for the time being, shall at all time and times every (hire, hereafter, and from time to time, without any bill or bills to be affigned with the King’s hand, name, cleft, affign and appoint '	fuch

1	1

  Google

$gi .	Anno	tcrtio& quarto EDW. VI. c.2.	[*549-

fuch person and persons to be cuflos rotulorum within every (hire df this realm of England, Wales and other the King’s dominions, marches and territories of the (aixle, or by any of them, as by the diferetion of the said lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, lhall be thought able and meet to have and exercife the fame: fi) and that the said person and persons fo to be appointed, elected, named or affigned by the said lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, (ball and may occupy, exercife and enjoy the fame office of cuflos rotulorum by himfelf or by his fufficient deputy or deputies, in as ample and large manner and form, as if the laid a<5t had nevef been had ne made; the before rehearfed ad, or anything therein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding. Caltot rotulo- jy provided alway, and be it enaded by the authority afore-crrifch^o^ce That all such as now have any of the said offices 6f cuflos by himfelf or rotulorum by the King’s letters patents or commiffion, to them or his deputy. any of them made, mall and may enjoy, have and exercife their said offices by virtue of the fame letters patents or commiffion, by himfelf or his fufficient and able deputy inftruded in the laws of this realm; any thing in this present ad had or made to the rru - u r contrary mot withftanding.

laved	Provided	alfo, that it be enaded by the authority aforesaid,

which have That the archbilhop of York, the bilhop of Durham, the bifhop authority to of Ely and every of their fucceflors, the chancellor of the duchy name the cuf- Gf Lancafler for the time being, and all and every person and per-tos rotulorum. fonSj corporations and bodies corporated, to whom the King’s majesty or any of his noble progenitors, by his or their letters patents or ad of parliament, have given ana granted any liberty and authority, or otherwife have authority by other lawful means or ways, to ordain, make and conftitute any of the said officers of cuflos rotulorum within any county palatine or other place, shall and may have and enjoy the fame liberty and authority, according as tney have had and enjoyed the lame; any thing in this present ad had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act for the true making of woolen cloths.

In towns not TT'ORASMUCH as by the (light and fubtle making of cloths and ltf«^ot^pcace flours within divers parts of this realm, now of late praftifed and frail appoint uf£d> not only great infamies andjlanders have grown to the fame realm, overleers for but also the King's majesty's faithful and true fubjefts have fuftained the true mak greaf fofl jn f]je ufe and wearing of the fame cloths fo Jlightly andfubtil-doth &c * ^ nude: (2)for remedy and reformation whereof*be it ordained The clothier an^ enaded by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, with the af-(hallfethis fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in feal of lead to this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the his doth. feme. That every clothier and cloth-maker, shall from the feaffi of Annunciation of our lady next coming, fet his feal of lead to his cloth, declaring thereby the juft lengths thereof to be tried by the water.

II. And that no person shall fropa the (aid feaft ftjaip or ftretch ,	.	any

  v^ooQle

154-9<]	'	Anflo tertio & quarto Edw. VI. c.2	333

any fct cloths, or any other cloth, above one yard and an half in length, and a quarter of a yard in breadth, upon pain to forfeit xl. s. for every default.

III.	And that no person or persons shall from the said feaft, upon pain last before remembered, put to fale any cloth, which when it shall be wet shall fhrink more than one yard and an half in all the length, and a quarter of a yard in breadth:

(2) and that narrow ftreits and kerfies shall not from the said Stretching of feaft be ftretched above a yard in length, and half a quarter of a yard in breadth, (3) upon the pain for every default therein xx, s. (4) nor (hafl put to fale any cloth, narrow ftreit 39 eY c. io. or kerfie, the pieces Whereof being wet shall fhrink more than 43 El. c. 10. after the fame feveral rates in the whole piece, upon pain to for- drinking of feit for every such offence xx. s.	cl°^’

IV.	And further. That no person or persons occupying the Dying of ^ feat of dying, shall dye or alter into colours, or caufe to be dyed cloth"

or altered, into colours, any woolen cloths, as brown, blues, pewks, tawnies, or violets, except the fame woolen cloths be perfectly boiled, greined or maddered upon the woad, and (hot with good and fumcient cork or orchal, after a due, fubflantial and fuficient manner of workmanfhip, according to the ancient workmanfhip in time pad ufed, upon pain for every default to forfeit xx. s.

V.	Nor that any person shall from the said feaft dye any wool Dyingof wool# to beconverted into cloth, called ruffets, mufters, marbles, greys,

roys and such like colours,, or to be converted and made into hats or caps, unlefs the fame wool be perfectly woaded, boiled and maddered, according to the true and ancient ufage, upon the pain of forfeiture for the falfe dying of every such cloth, or of as much wool as shall ferve for the making of eiveiy doth, contrary to the true meaning hereof, xl. s. (2) Nor mall dye with brafel, to the intent to make a falfe colour in cloth nor wool, hats nor caps, upon pain for every default to forfeit xx. s.

VI.	And that no person or persons shall after the said feaft put No deceirabl* any flocks, chalk, flower or (larch, or any other deceivable thing, thin5 ^all be upon any fet cloth or upon any other cloth or cloths coloured

or uncoloufed, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence xl. s.

VII.	.And that no person shall from the said feaft.occupy any No iron cards yeron cards or pickards, in rowing of any let cloth or any man- °r picard*-ner of woolen cloth, upon pain to forfeit as well the said yeron

cards or pickards, as also the fum of xx. s. for every such offence,

VIII.	Nor that any person shall from the said feaft fell any Meafure of cloth by any other lefs meafure than after the true content5^.8.c.0. thereof, to be meten and meafured by the yard, adding to every f# ^ yard one inch of the rule, according to the statute made in the

fixth year of the reign of the mod worthy prince of mod famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, father unto our fove-reign lord the King that now is, upon pain to forfeit for every yard of clotb fo put to fale by any other lefs meafure, vi. s. viii. a.

(2) and that no person (ha/l from the (aid feaft put to fale here

within

  v^ooQie

234	Anho	tertio flc quarto Ebw.VI. c.2.	'[*549.

.rithift the realm, either 1>y retail olr otherwife, arty doth bang prefled, to be occupied and worn here within the realm of England, Wales or Ireland, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame doth, or the value thereof, that have been fo prefled and put to (ale, as is last before remembered.

Overfeers ap- IX. And for the better execiitiorf of this ftatUtC, be it enacted ficesof byJ£ ^7 authority afbrefeid* That in every town, village or ham-or chief^o- ^et> being not corporate, where any clotn shall be made or fold, vernors or ebr- the juftides of peace of the fame (hire where any such town, pirate toWns. village or hamlet is, or two of them at the leaft, j and in every city* borough or town corporate, the head officer or officers of every of the fame city, borough of town corporate together with the wardens of the clothWorfcerS, or two of them at the leaft, (hell have full power and authority by Virtue of this a<ft, onceevery year to convent and call before them, by their precept or otherwife, two, four, fix, eight or more, as they (ball think good by their dif-cretion, of tne mod horfeft, difereet and indifferent men of every such city, borough* town, village or hamlet where any cloth shall be made or fold, and them shall conftitute, ohdain and appoint to beoverfeers for one whole year then next following, within the city, borough, town, village or hamlet where the fame over-feers fhaH be dwdlmg,chargin£ themalfo upon their oaths, ahdas they do tender the honour of the realm,and the commonwealth of the fame, that they do endeavour themfelveS for that year, as much as in them shall lie, to fee that this ftatutfcbte truly obferved and kept within the limits of their charge in every part thereof; The ovcHcers X. And that the fame overfeers* or tWo df them, shall every duty.	ijuartcr	of	fhfe laid year at thfc leaft, or fo often as need shall re-

quire, by their diferetions, by force hereof, vift and go into every clothiers, drapers, clothworkers, dyers lad preflers houfes* Ihops and other places where cloth or dyed Wool shall be, an4 there to make due fearch, and to view the cloths and woob made or dyed, or remaining to be fold, and to fearch and fiy, "	as well whether the said cloths be drawn or (trained, or falfly

dyed, as also of all other the defaults before Verified, committed The forfeiture or done contrary to the true meaning of this a6k. (2) And if £ctau!t57n upon the fearch, the cloths be found drawn and (trained, or the Sail have W ° cl°th and wools falfly dyed or coloured, or any other of the said them.	faults committed or done contrary to the true meaning of this

ftatute/that then the said feveral forfeitures to incur upon the party or parties which shall offend in the fame, or in any of \	them; (3) the one half of all which forfeitures to be unto the King

our fovereign lord, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other half to such of the said overfeers as doth find the (aid defaults or caufes of forfeitures, and that will fue for the fame in any of the Kingfs courts of record, or before the justices of peace within any fiicR city, borough or town corporate, or before the justices of pieace Within any (hire where any such forfeitures shall be had out of any city or town corporate; the fame fuit to be purfued by bifl,

}>laint, aCtion of debt, information or otherwife; and in which uit no Wager of la^v* tfloin or protection shall be allowed for thb dfefendant.

XI. And

  v^ooQle

1549-1 Artno tcrrio & quarto EDW. VI. c.t.

m

XI.	And if the said overfeers shall be negligent, 2nd will not fue for the fame forfeitures by the fpace of one half year next after the caufe of the fame forfeitures committed and done, that then the one half of the fame forfeiture to be unto our fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other half to him which will fue for the fame, as is aforefaTd, within one other half year next after such default to be had by the said overfeers.

XII.	And if any of the said persons fo commanded to ap- The forfeiture pear to be made overfeers, as is aforesaid, and having no rea- of him which tollable excufe, do refufe to come and to take upon him or them re^f^.t0 ** to be an overfeer as is aforesaid, that then every filch person fo overftcr* refilling, and having no reafonable excufe fo to do, to forfeit for

qvery such refufing xl. s. the one half thereof to be to the King our said fovereign, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other half to the justices of peace, or other head officer or officers by whofe commandment he was commanded to appear, or to be an overfeer ; (2) and the fame overfeer fo offending to remain in ward of the fherifF until such time as he hath made payment of the laid forfeiture, or otherwife put in fufficient bona for the fatif-fa&ion of the fame. (3) And if the fame overfeers, or two of them at the lead, do not once every quarter of the year make due fearch for the true executing of this ftatute, that then every of the said overfeers to forfeit for every such default x. I. the one half to be to the King’s highness, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other half to him that will fue for the fame by bill, plaint, axftion of debt, information or otherwife; in which fuit no eflbin or protection shall be allowed for the defendant. (4) And if The forfeiture the said overfeers shall be interrupted and not fuffered to enter "r^e into the said houfes, fhops or other places where any such overfcra*. cloths or wools shall be made or dyed, or any other of tne said defaults shall happen to be done or committed, there to make fearch for the better executing of this ftatute, that then every one that fo shall make any fucn interruption shall forfeit xx. h., the one half of which forfeiture to be to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other half thereof to be •

fo the laid overfeers to whom any (uch interruption shall be made, and the fame to be obtained and purfued for in such manner and form as before in this a<5t is expreffed for the recovery of other the said forfeitures.

XIII. Provided always, and be it  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to every person and persons to put to fale any cloth or cloths made, dyed or prefled, ' which before the said feaft of the Annunciation ot our lady shall he made, dyed or prefled, any time within one year next after the laid feaft of the Annunciation of our lad r	*

or bis deputy, or other head officer in any

town, village or hamlet, do put fome notorious mark to every

fach doth, whereby the fame may be known to be made before

  LjOOqL •

Cloths shall be marked with the letter E. crowned.

Every person bringing an aflife upon any branch of either of the fhtutes touching approvement of wades, &c. shall have treble damage-

ao H. 3. c. 4.

By the flat.

13 Ed. 1. flat. - 1. c. 46.

Anno teitio & quarto Edw.VI. c.3.	[1549-

ftatute, unlefs the fame person doth commence his fuit within one year next after the said offences and forfeitures committed.

XV. And to the intent that all such cloths as shall be made within this realm, or any other of the King's dominions, after ) the said feaft, shall be the better knbwn from the other cloths made before the fame time, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every clothier shall before such time as he shall put his cloth to fale, being made after the said feaft, caufe every cloth to be marked with a letter of E. crowned, wrought in the cloth, upon pain of forfeiture for every cloth fo being fold, and not marked with the said letter of E. by any such chothier xx. s. the one half of which forfeiture to be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors j and the other half to him that will fue for the fame in manner and form before rehearfed*

CAP. Ill

An aft concerning the improvement of commons and waft

grounds.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Merton in the xx. year of the reign of King Henry the Third, it is contained^ That for becaufe many great men of England which had enfeoffed knightsy and other their free tenants of f mall tenements in their great manors, did complain that they might not make their profits of the reftdue of their manors, as of wajle woods and pajlures, wisere the fame feoffees had fufficient pajlure y as much as belonged unto their tenements, (2) it was provided and granted, That whatfoever persons fo enfeoffed brought affife of novel Difleifin of their common of pajlurey and before the ju/lices it were recognized that they had as much pajlure as did fuffice unto their tenements, (3) and that they had free ingrefs and egrefs into and from their tenements unto their pajturey that then they Jhould therewith be contentedy and that they upon whom they had complained Jhould depart quiet, with that that they might make their profit of their landsy wajlesy woods and pajlures \ (4) and if it were said that they had not fufficient pajlurey or fufficient ingrefs and egrefsy as much as doth belong unto their tenements as is abovefaidy that then the truth thereof Jhould be inquired into by affife; (5) and if it were recognifed by the affife that Useir ingrefs and egrefs were in any thing letted by the fame deforciatorSy or that they had not fufficient tafturey and fufficient ingrefs and egrefs as is abovefaidy that then they Jhould retbver their Seifin by view of the jurorSyfo that by the diferetion and oath of themy the complainants Jhould have fufficient pajlure y and fufficient ingrefs and egrefs in form aforesaid \ and that the diffeifors Jhould be in amerciament of the Kingy and Jhould y ield damages as they were Wont to do before the fame provifion: (6) and if it were recognized by the affizey that the complainants had fufficient paflurey with fra ingrefs and egrefs as is abovementionedy \That then the other might lawjully do their profit of the refiduey and Jhould go quit from the fame affife, as in the jaid ejiatute more plainly appeareth:

II. And where also in the parliament holden at Weftminfter after Eafter the xiij. year of the reign of King Edward the Eirjly it *	'	was

1549.] Anno tertio & quarto Edw.VI. c.3.	^37.

was ordained, That where in the Jlatute made 'at Merton, it was of agreed that lords of wajles, woods and pajlures, might approve them-/elves of their wajles, woods and pajlures notwithjlanding the gain- |Sntt Uiefr ftying and contradiction of their tenants, whiles the fame tenants had}Uighbours. fufficient pajlure to their tenements, w/'/A ingrefs and egrcfs into and from the fame; (2) and for that no mention was made between neighbour and neighbour, many lords of wajles, woods and pajlures,

/fo/ time were let by contradiction or gainfaying of neighbours,

*/r£ fufficient pajlure \ (3) and forafmuch as foreign tenants have no greater right of commoning in the wood, wajle or pajlure of any lord, than the proper tenants of the fame lord \ (4) it was from thenceforth ordained, That the faidJlatute provided at Merton between the lord and his tenants Jhould have place from thenceforth between the lords of wajles, woods and pajlure, and neighbours; Javing fufficient pajlure to their men and neighbours 5 fo that the lord? of the fame wajles, woods and pajlures, may approve themfelves of the reftdue; (5) and that the fame Jhould be obfcrved of them that claim pajlure as pertaining to their tenements: (6) but if any man claim common of pafiure by/penal feoffment or grant, to 41 certain number of beajls, or otherwife than of common right he ought to have it, where covenant doth abrogate the law, he /ball have such recovery as he ought to have by form of the grant to him made: (7) and that by occafion of a windmill,

Jbeephoufe, dairy; augmentation or increafe of any court neceffary, or curtilage, from thenceforth no man Jhould be grieved by afftfe of Novel Diflcifin of common of pafiure.	(8)	and	forafmuch as it hapneth For what

fometime, that fome man having right to approve to himfelf, bath caufes any made or levied a ditch or hedge, and other by night or such other time may aPProve when they believe their deed Jhould not be known, do or will cqft down the fame ditch or hedge, and that it cannot be known by verdict of ajjife or jury, who did eajl dovjn the fame ditch or hedge, nor the men A ditch or of the next towns will indict them that be guilty of the fame deeds; then the next townfhips adjoining about the fame /hall be dijlrained, to ^v"d, caft levy or make up the fame ditch or hedge at their proper cojl's, and to down by per-yield damages \ as in the said ejlatute among other things more plainly fans un-appeareth.	known.

III.	And forafmuch as the aforesaid ejlatutes been thought beneficial A confirm*-

for the common wealth of this realm of England ; be it  enacted by tion oft he the King our fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords fpirituai	ftat#

and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament af- ° fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every x* fat. x. c.46. the said (latutes, and all branches, claufes, articles, fentences,

matters and points contained and fpecified in them, and every of them, now not repealed, shall from henceforth be good and effedtual, and also to (land and be in their full ftrength, force and effedt«

IV.	And becaufe that such persons as shall bring aflife of Treble da -

Novel Diffeifin upon the said cftatutes or upon any of them, (hall	a”he

by force of the fame eftatutes recover but only (ingle damages, ^ which is thought to be a fmall recompence for the fame: (2) therefore be it cnaded by the authority aforesaid. That all fuch

perfon and persons as mall at any time hereafter bring affife VoL. V.	Z	upon

  v^ooQle

338	Anno tertio & quarto EdW.VI. c. 4.	[1549.

upon any branch or article of the laid edatutes or any of them, and have judgment to recover, shall have his or their damages trebled by the judgment of the court where filch aflife and judgment shall be had. *

Houfes built v. And where in divers countries of this realm there hath been whh three**	^dlded upon commons or wajlt grounds, certain neceffary houfes with

acres of	ground under the quantity of three acres, and not above three acres

ground.	enclofed to and with the fame; and in fome place there is enclofod a

31 EL c. 7.	garden, orchard or pond, out of or in such wajles or grounds which

exceed not the quantity of two acres, or thereabouts, which doth no hurt,, and yet is much commodity to the owner thereof and to others ; (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the laid two former adts, nor any of them, nor any thing in them or any of them contained, shall extend to any such houfe, ground or other thing fo enclofed as is lad herein before mentioned, ne shall caufe any person or persons to lofe or forfeit any pain, damage or penalty for the lame.

The overplus VI. Provided always, and be if enacted, That if any fach above three houfe hath been heretofore builded upon any such wafte ground Lridopctt. as *s af°rcfeid, and that there be above the number of three acres enclofed to the lame, that then the said houfe, and three acres parcel of the fame enclofure, shall dill remain, (land, abide and continue in like and the fame form and degree as it now doth; and that the overplus of the said three acres fo enclofed as is aforesaid, shall and may be laid open by the owner or owners of the fame wades; any thing in this adt, or in any of the said former adts to the contrary in any wife notwith-danding.

CAP. IV.

An aft concerning grants and gifts made by patentees out of letters patents.

Explained by TT THERE the right noble and famous King of fall worthy me-Grant^made * * mory, King Henry the YAgJith, father to our mojl dread and by patentees now natural fevereign liege lord,fithence the fourth day of February out of patents in the xx vij. year of his late reign, and also the King's mojl excellent ma-(hall be good, jgjly9 ty their feveral letters patents, have given, granted, bargained, fold and exchanged, to and with divers andfuniry the fubjetls of this realm, bodies politick and corporate, in fee-fempU, fee-tail, for term of life or years, divers honours, cajlles, manors, lands, tenements end other hereditaments and offices; (a) after and feme which grants, bargains,/ales and exchanges, divers of the said patentees, their heirs, feucceffors or ajfegns, have bargained, fold, given, exchanged or damfed divers particular parts, parcels or portions of the fetid honours, tafths, manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments and offices, or other things thereunto appertaining or belonging, to other person or persons, bodies m politick and corporate; that is to Jay, to feme of them in fce-Jtmple, to feme others in fee-tail, for term of Hfe or years, or otherwifer, (3) and after the fame patentees, for confederations them moving, have furrendred ana given up their Jaid letters patents into the chancery, or ether wife the fame Utters patents have been forfeited by attainder,

¥>

l

  Google

$3ff

1549.3 Anno tcrtio 8( quarto Edw.VI. c.4.

loft* cancelled,, imbefted* or by other ways or means have come to the bands of the Kings majejly bis late father; (4) and thereupon oft-times the enrollment cf the fame hath been made void and fruftrate* fametime in part, and fmetime in the whole* £5) by reafon whereof fiub per fans, bodies politick or corporate* as haye nod intereft or title in nr to the fame softies* manors or particular portions or parcels of the fame fo to them given and granted* have been in time pa ft* anf in time to seme are like to be* dijherited* or in danger of lofs of their inured in ear to the fame* to their no little hindrance and Peril.

U. For remedy whereof be it ordained, eftabltfhed and 3	1S5.

cna&ed by the authority of . this present parliament, That all ^toiTof the and every person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, King’s letters which lawfully shall or may claim by force pf any patent or patents under patents made ikhence the laid fourth day of February, or here- }^f£atreal after to be made by the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceflors,	forceps

Kings of this realm, or by any of them ; (2) and all other that	ftthe fame

now have or hereafter shall happen to have any good or lawful letters patents eftate, right, title, rent, profit, intereft or pofieffion, of, in, to	(hewed*

(3) or out of any honours, manors, lands, tenements heredita-	°r* t79m

ments or offices, or of other things to any of the premifles ap- g/. furrwider pertaining or belonging, or to any part, parcel or member of 51. Co. Lit. them or any of them, by, from or under any such patentee or patentees, or any of them, or by, from or unaer their heirs, fuc-ceflors or afligns of them or of any of thefn, (4) or by, from or under the eftate of any others which had, have or hereafter shall have the eftate, title or intereft of any such patentee or patentees, or by any other means under the date of such letters patents, (5) shall and may at all times hereafter, in any the King’s courts, his heirs or fucceflors, and elfewhere, by virtue of this present a£f, make and convey unto himfelf title by way of declaration, plaint, avowry, title, bar or otherwife, as well againftthe King’s higbnefs, his heirs and fucceflors and eveiy of them, as againft any other person or persons, unto the (aid honours,

«aftlcs, manors, lands, tenements, offices and other the pre-miflesor any part or parcel of the fame, unto them or any their predcceflors or anceftors, or others whofe eftate they have in the fame, by, from or under the said patentees or any of them, or the heirs, anceftors or afligns of any of them, or othcrwjfe under the date of the said letters patents, comprised and contained in any exemplification or conftat thereof made or to be made, by the lhewing forth of the said exemplification or conftat of the roll, or of fo much thereof as shall ferve for the matter in variance, under the great feal of England: (6) and the fame exemplification or conftat of the said enrollment fo as is aforesaid pleaded and (hewed, shall be of like and the fame force and effinft, to all intents and conftru&ions in the law, as the said first letters patents were and (hould be of, if the tune were or ibould be pleaded or (hewed.

Z 2	CAP.

 

Google

340	Anno tertio & quarto Edw.VI. c.5—7.	[ 1549.

CAP. V.

It shall be high treafon for twelve persons or above, being af-fembled together, to attempt to kill or imprifon any of the King’s council, or to alter any laws, and to continue together by the fpace of an hour, being commanded by a juftice of

!>eace, mayor, fheriff, &c. to return. And it shall be felony or twelve persons or above, to pradtife to deftroy any park, pond, conduit or dovehoufe, or to have common or way in any ground, or to pull down any houfes, bams or mills, or ' to bum any (lack of corn, or to abate the rents of any lands, or the prices of any vi&ual, and to continue together an hour, being commanded by a juftice of peace, (heriffs, bailiffs, &c. by proclamation to return. Exp. 7 Ed. 6. c. 11. and Rep. 1 M. fejf. 2. c. 12.

CAP. VI.

All artificers ufing the cutting of leather, may buy and fell all tanned leather, fo that they convert the fame into made wares, notwithstanding the statute of 2 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 9. To endure to the end of the next parliament.

CAP. VII.

An art of repeal of a Jlatute made in the xxv. year of King Henry the Eighth, touching the taking of wild fowl at certain times in the year :

Part of die ^ITZHEREAS in the xxv. year of the reign of your Majeftfs I statute con- W father•, of mojl famous memory, King Henry the Eighth, an ineof wild * was ma^e contaimnS two branches, whereof the one was againjl fowl with nets the taking of wild fowl between the last day of May and the last day and other en- of Auguft, with any nets or engines, upon a pain limited thereupon, gines repeal- as jn fa jiatute more largely doth appear: (2) forafmuch as the * * g. c. xi. occaflon °f fa foil branch appear eth fithen to have rifen but upon a * private cafe, and that no manner of common commodity is fithen per-ceived to be grown of the fame, being notably by daily experience found and known, that there is at this present lefs plenty of fowl brought into the markets than was before the making of the Jaid afl> which is taken to come of the punijhment of God, whofe benefit was thereby taken away from the poor people that were wont to live by their find in taking of the fold fowl, whereby they were wont at that time to fufiain themfelves, with their poor hovftjolds, to the great Jhving of other kinds of virtual, of which aid they are now dejiitute, to thejr great and extreme impoverijhing: (3) humbly befeeching your Grace, your majesty’s true and faithful fubjedts, efpccially fiich as have their places of habitation nigh unto the fens. That all that branch of the said a<5t made in the said xxv. year of your Grace’s said father of moft noble memory, touching the taxing of wild fowl in manner as abovefaid, may be from henceforth by your Majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the • authority of the fame, repealed and utterly void and of none

effea.

  v^.ooQle

*549*1 Anno tertio & quarto Edw.VL c.8.	341

effecft, with *11 and every article, fentence, matter, pains and forfeitures contained, or otherwife mentioned in the said branch, as if the fame a<5l had never been had ne made.

II. Provided, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 5Io1{>^r^n That one-other branch contained in tnefaid a<5t concerning such persons as shall prefume by day or night willingly to withdraw, the eggs 0fY purloin, take, deftroy or convey any manner of eggs of any any wild kind of wild fowl, from or in any neft, place or places, where fowl, they shall chance to be layed by any kind of wild fowl, with every article, fentence, matter, pains, forfeitures and provifions contained or mentioned in this said last branch, shall (land in full ftrength and effect, to all purposes, intents and confhuc-tions, as if this present a<5t had never been had nor made.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the continuance of the Jlatute offewers.

WHERE in the parliament holdenat Weftminfter by prcroga-

tion, the xv. day of January in the xxiij. year of the mojl continued. victorious reign of our late Jovercign lord King Henry the Eighth, *3 H. 8. c. 5. among other things, one general aft concerning commijfons of fewer s, to be directed into all parts within this realm, was enafted and ?nade to continue and endure for twenty years then next following, as by the fame aft more at large it doth end may appear: (2) and forafmuch as thf fame aft is thought good and beneficial for the commonwealth of tipis realm, be it therefore enacted and ordained by the King our Ibvereign loyd, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said adt, and all daufes, articles and provifions in the fame contained, shall continue and endure in their force and ftrength, and to be obferved and kept for ever, in such manner and form as shall and may (land with the fequel and additions hereafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted and eftablifhed by the autho- All fums of rity aforesaid. That all fcots, lots and fums of money hereafter ^°forceroftbe to be rated and taxed by virtue of such commiffion of fewers, coramiflion of upon any of the lands, tenements or hereditaments of our fo- fewers upon vereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors, for any manner any of the of thing or things concerning the articles of the said commiflion levia-of fewers, shall be gathered and levied by diftrefs or otherwife, tie by dif-in like manner and form as shall or may be done in the lands, trefs. tenements artd hereditaments of any other person or persons:

(2) and that all bills of acquittance, figned with the hand or nands of such collector or receiver as shall have the collection thereof by the appointment of the said commiflioners, or fix of them, shall be as well a fufficient difeharge to the tenants, fer-mors and occupiers of the fame grounds fo to be charged for the said fum wherewith their grounds shall be (b charged, as also fufficient warrant to all and every the receivers, auditors and other whatfoever officer or officers of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors, for the allowance to such te-pant, fermor or occupier for the fame: (3) adding moreover to

Z 3	thi*

  ^.ooQle

r

342	' Amib tertio & quarto firwr.VI. C.9,10.	[1549.

^at feet this a£l, by the authority of this ptefent parliament, THat fach for the com-	1CCS>	an^	110116	othe* nor ^rc, Ihall^ bt at any font

miffion of * paid or demanded for any commiffioh ot cottimiffions, cor tfrits lexers, fued of Dedimus potejlatem, hereafter to be filed out of obtained under out under the the feal of the duchy, but only such and like fees as been men-foalof the tioned in the laid former a5, to be paid in the chancery for uc y* commiflions and writs of Dedimus poteJlaUfa, to' be obtained How long the from ^ feme court of chancery: (4) adding moreover there- , coramifllon of unto by the authority aforefaia, That every commifflon and I iewers shall commiflions hereafter to be awarded for fewers, shall Continue endure. an(j endure for term of five years next after the tefte of such The commit commiflion, unlefs the fame commifliori and commiflions fltal! (ions to con- be otherwife difeharged within the said time by Sup&fedeits j any years °r lCn t^im8 or thing* mentioned or contained in the said former aft 1 j El. ^ 9. contrary to the additions before mentioned, or any of them, in any wile notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

No person shall buy any raw hides or calves fkins, to fell again untanned, upon pain to forfeit for every fkin vj. $. viij. d. Rep. 5 EL c. 6. far 1 Jac. 1. c. 22.

CAP. X.

An act for tbe abaUfhing and pitting away of divers books and images.

Certain book* THERE the King’s mojl excellent maiefly hath ofldtefetfirth Sfdlbc**^ y■ an^ fptARJbei by authority of parliament, an uniform, Met boli(hed. wd godly order for common and open prayer, in a book, intituled. The * & 3 Ed. 6. Book of Common Prayer and Adminiftration of the Sacraments, c* *•	and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, after the Church

3	Jac. i. c. 5. England, to be ufed and obferved in the said church of England, agreeable to the order of the primitive churchy much more comfortable unto hh loving fubjefis than other diverfity of fervice, as heretofbre of long time bath been ufed, being in the Jaid bbok ordained, nothing to be read but the very pure word of God, or which is evidently grounded upon the fame, (2) and in the other, things corrupt, untrue, vain and JuperJliliotis, and as it were a preparation to fuperjlilion \ which for that they be not called in, but permitted to remain undefated, do not only give occafion to such perverfe persons as do impugn the order ami godly meaning of the King's said book of common prayer, to continue ui their old accujtomed fuper/iittous fervicc, but also minijler great occafion to diverfity of opinions, riles, ceremonies and fervicts: (3) be be it therefore enabled by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in the present parliament aflembled, That all books called Antiphoncrs, Mijfals, Grades, Proceffionals, Manuals, Legends, Piet, Portuajfcs, Primfrs in Latin or English, Couchers, Journals, Ordinals pr other books or writings whatfoever heretofbre ufed for fervice of the church, written or printed in the English or Latin tongue, other than (uch as are or shall be fet forth by the King’s majesty, shall be Uy authority of this present act clearly and utterly abolifhed*

2	extinguilhed

  L^OOQle

343

1549.] Anno tertio & quarto Edw*H c. 10.

cxtinguilhed and forbidden for ever to be ufed or kept in this realm, or elfewherc within any the King’s dominions.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Images taken if any person or persons, of what eftate, degree or condition fo- out °f*®* yct ever he, (he or they be, body politick or corporate, that now ^rch^ihall have or hereafter shall have in his, her or their cuftody, any the be deftroyed. books or writings of the forts aforesaid, or any images of (tone, timber, glabafter or earth, graven, carved or painted, which heretofore have been taken out of any church or chapel, or yet (land in any church or chapel, and do not before the lad day of Junt next enfujng deface and deftroy, or caufe to be defaced and deftroyed, the fame images and every of them, and deliver or caufe to be delivered a)l and every the fame books to the mayor, Popith books bailiff, conftable or church-wardens of the town where such ftall befirft books then shall be, to be by them delivered over openly within deHwcd to three months next following after the said delivery, to tne arch- ^c.^nSThen bifhop, bilhop, chancellor pr commiflanr of the fame diocefe, to by him to the the intent the said archbilhop, bifhop, cnancellor or copimiflary, bifbop,&c. and every of them, caufe them immediately either tQ be openly burnt or otherwife defaced and deftroyed ; shall for every fuch	C

book or books willingly retained in his, her or their hands or cuftody within this realm, or elfewhere within any the King’s dominions, and not delivered as is aforesaid, after the said last day of JuiKj and be thereof lawfully conviA, forfeit and lofe tQ the King our fovereign lord, for the first offence xx. s. and for the fecond offence shall forfeit and lofe (being thereof lawfully convidt) iv. Ji. and for the third offence (hallfuffer iipprifonment at the King’s will.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if any mayors, bailiffs, conftables or churchwardens, do tiriwp, &c! not within three months after receipt of the fame books, deliver omitting their or caufe to be delivered such books fo by them received, to the dpty hereip. archbifhop, bifhop, chancellor or commiflary of their diocefe $ and if the said archbilhops, bilhops, chancellors or commiffaries, do not within forty days after tne receipt of such books, bum, deface and deftroy, or caufe to be burned, defaced or deftroyed, the fame books and every of them; (3) that then they and every of them fo offending, shall lofe and forfeit to our fovereign lord the King, being thereof lawfully convidt, xl. li. (4) The one half of all such Forfeitures shall be to any of the King’s fub-jedts that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, adlion of debt or information : in which adbon no effoin, protedlion, wager of law or other delay shall be allowed.

IV.	And for better execution of the fame adl* be it enadled JufKcesof by the authority aforesaid. That as well justices of affife in their a^ea^ajj circuits, as justices of peace within the limits of their com- {^ai^and*de? million in the general feftions, shall have full power and autho- terming thefa rity to enquire of the offences aforesaid, and to hear and deter- offences, prune the fame, in such form as they may do in other such like

5? i	V.	Pro-

 

Google

344	Anno terti#& quarto Edw.VI. c.ii,i2. [1549^

Primers fet	V. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority aforefajd*

out by H. 8. That any person or persons may ufe, keep, have and retain any nfay^e	primers in the English or Latin tongue, fet forth by the late King

retained.	of famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, fo that the fen-

tences of invocation or prayer to faints in the fame primers be blotted or clearly put out of the fame \ any thing in this atffc to the contrary notwithstanding.

Images upon VI. Provided always, That this a6l, or any thing therein tombs shall contained, shall not extend to any image or pi&urefet or graven remain. upon any tomb in any church, chapel or church-yard, only for a monument of any King, prince, nobleman or other dead perfon, which hath not been commonly reputed and taken for a faint, but that such pictures and images may (land and continue in like manner and form as if thisadl had never been had nor made ; any thing in this a61 to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. Repealed by i Mar.fi. 2. c. 2. which aft is repealed by i Jac. I c. 25. / 48.

CAP. XI.

An aft that the King’s majefiy may nominate and appoint two and thirty persons to perufe and make ecclejiaftical laws.

ALBEIT the Kings mofi excellent majefiy, governor and ruler under God of this realm, ought mofi jufily to have the government of his fubjefts, and the determination of their caufes, as well ec-clefiafiical as temporal, yet the fame as concerning ecclefiafiical caufes, /javtng not of long time been put in urenor exereijed, by reafon of the ufwrped authority of the bifhop of Rome, be not perfectly vnderfioed nor known of his Jubjefts> and therefore of neceffity, as well for the abolijbing and putting to utter oblivion the said ufurped authority, ns for the necejfary adminifiration ofjufiice to his loving fubjefts \ it may please his Highnefs, that it may be enafted by his mofi gracious cjfcnt, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this prej'ent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the King’s, &c.

The King during three years shall have authority, by the advice of his council, to name thirty-two persons to examine the eccleiiaftical laws, and to gather and compile such laws as shall be thought to him, his council ana them, convenient to be pra&ifed within this realm in all fpiritual courts ; fo that any law to be let forth be not contrary to any common law or (latute of this realm. Exp. 25 H. 8. c. 19. 17 H. 8.c. ,j. 35 H. S. jc. 16.

CAP. XII.

Bifliops. Such form and manner of making and confecrating of arch-bilhops, bilhops, priefts, deacons and other ministers of the church, as by fix prelates, and fix other men of this realm learned in God’s law, by the King to be appointed and affign^ -cd, or by the moft number of them, shall be devifed for that purpose, and fet forth under the great feal before the first of April next coming, shall be lawfully exercifed and ufed, and none other. Exp. Rep. by 1 Ma.fcff. 2. c. 2. which aft is re-•pealed by 1 Jac. 1. c. 25-/48.

CAP.

  (^.ooQle

345

1549.] Anno tertio & quarto Eow.VI. c. 13— 19.

CAP. XIII.

Sir William Sherrington before attainted of treafon, pardoned pf all treafons and offences, and reftored in blood and freedom.

CAP. XIV.

Mary Seymor, the foie daughter and heir of Thomas lord Seymor, attainted of high treafon, reftored in blood, but not to her father’s lands.

CAP. XV.

The penalty for publifhing any falfe prophecy upon occafion of Prophecies, arms, fields, &c. to the intent to make diffention, &c. shall be for the first offence, one year’s imprifonment, and the forfeiture of x. 1. and for the fecond offence, the forfeiture of all his goods, and imprifonment during his life. Exp. 7 Ed. 6. r. 11. 33./£ 8. c. 14. 5 EL c. 15.

CAP. XVI.

An aSt touching the puniftunent of vagabonds and other idle

perfons.

A repeal of Co much of the ftat. i Ed, 6. c. 3. as tendeth to make vagabonds (laves. The ftat. of at H. 8. c. it. shall be revived, that doth appoint how impotent and aged persons shall be relieved, and vagabonds punithed : and all other statutes made for the punifhment of vagabonds,

(laves, aged and impotent persons, shall be repealed. Common labourers in husbandry which do loiter and be idle, when they have reafonable wages offered them, shall be puniflied as vagabonds. Maimed, fore, aged and impotent persons, (ball be relieved and cured, and habitations provided for them by the devotion of good people of that citv, town or village, where they were bom, or have dwelt three years. A beggar’s child above five years of age may be taken into fervice by any that will.

Kep. 14 El. c. 5. & 21. Jac. j. c. *8. a & 3 P. & M.c.5 .

CAP. XVII.

The ftat. of 31 H. 8. c. 12. touching the wrongful hunting or Felony, entry into any foreft, chafe or park of the King’s, or into any other grouna of his, ufed for the nourilhing ot deer; and of 32 H. 8. c. 11. concerning the unlawful killing of any drtr within any park, chafe, &c. revived for three years.

CAP. XVIII.

A rehearfal of the ftat. of 2	3	Ed.	6.	c.	5.	concerning	the	re-	Fee-firm,

mitting of fee-farms by the King for the first of three years, and that the fame shall ceafe for other two years. Exp.

C A P. XIX. .

An ail for buying andfelling of rather beafts and cattle.

BE it enadled by the authority of this present parliament. No cattle shall 7'hat no person or persons at aoy time from and after the be bought but feaft of the Annunciation of our Lady next coming, shall buy or	j^tor

commune and conclude to buy any manner ot oxen, fleers, by a butcher, ronts, kine, heifers or calves, but only in the open fair or mar- or for pro-ket where the fame shall happen to be brought and put to falc ; ot (2) and shall not fell the fame again alive at and in the market ^ £| 0&c' or fair where he bought the fame, during the time of the said Latch i932.9’

fair

 

Google

ket.

A botcher shall not buy cattle and fell them alive*

346	Anno tcrdo& quarto E0W.VI. G.aa [1549*

fair or market; (3) upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of fuck cattle bought or fold contrary to the tenor of this present alt.

? For what pur- IL Provided alway, and be it further enalted by the autho-pofes cattle rity aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all and every person bought out of persons to buy any oxen. Item, ronts, kine, heifers and a fair or mar- calves, or any of them, out of any open fair or market, for his or their provifion for their houfhold, team or dairy, at his or their will or pleafure, to be employed and fpent only in keeping and maintenance of his or their houfe, or for their team or dainr, and net otherwife.

III.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That no person being a butcher, and ufing the craft or myftery of butchery, shall at any time alter the said feaft buy any fat oxen, fleers, ronts, kine, heifers, calves or (keep, and fell or caufe to be fold the fame again alive, upon pain of forfeiture of every such ox, fleer, ront, cow, heifer, call or fheep bargained or fold contrary to the form of this present alt.

IV.	Provided alway. That all and every person and persons being a butcher, and tiling the art and myftenr of butchery, shall and may at his and their will and pleafure ouy any fat oxen, fleers, ronts, kine, heifers, calves and (beep, or any of them, but of any open fair or market: fo that such butcher fell not, nor caufe to be fold, the fame again alive, as is aforesaid; any thing contained in this alt to the contrary notwithflanding;

(2)	the one moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to our fo-vereign lord the HLing, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will foe for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein no wager of law, efloin or proteltion shall be allowed for the defendant or defendants.

(3)	This alt to endure to the end of the next parliament. Con-tiniui in part by 2 Can 1. c. 4. and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4. and altered by 15 Car. 2. c. 8.

CAP, XX.

An a£l touching lie repeal of a. certain branch of an aft paged in the lajl JeJJion of this parliament concerning viftuauers and artificers.

WHERE by a certain aft in the parliament bolden at Weftmin-fter by prorogation the fourth day ^November in the fecond year of the reign of our mojl dread fovereign lord the King that now is, it is tnafted and efabhjhedy T/jat no person or persons Jhould at any time after the first day of April tbennext enfuing, interrupt, deny, let or dijturb any free mafony rough mafony carpenter, bricklayer, plaifterer, joiner * hard-hewery fawyer, tiler, paviery glafiery lime-burner , brick-makery tile-makery plumber or labourer, born in this realm, or made denizen, to work in any of the said crafts in any city, borough or town corporatey with any perfonand persons that will retain him or themy albeit the said person or persons fo retained, or any of themy do not inhabit or dwell in the cityy borough or town corporate where he or they /ball work, nor bf free of the fame rify borough or

towny

a St % Ed. 6. v. 15.

  t^ooQle

1549*}	Annotertlo ie quarto £dw.VI. c.21.	347

6twr; flfatate, tato,ordinance or other thing v)batfor6er^ before bad or made to the contrary in any wife notwithfianding: (2) and that utott pain of forfeiture of v. li. for every interruption or dijiurbanct done contrary to the said eftatute; the one moiety of every fitch forfeiture to be to the King, ana the other moiety thereof to be to him or them that will jue for the fame in any of the Kin ft courts of record^ by bill plaint, action of debt of information, wherein no wager of law, ejfoin nor protection Jbould be allowed^ as by the /aid aft of parliament a-mongfl other things mote plainly app'enreth:

II.	And fbrajmueh as in the city of London, being the King’s chamber, and mojl ancient city rfjhis realm, the artificers and craftf-men of the arts, crafts and myferies aforejaii, are at great cofis and charges, as well in bearing ana paying of taxes, tallages, fiebfidies, foot, lot and other charges, as well to the King’s majefiy, as to the{aid city* and at many and jundry triumphs, and other times for the King’s honour, and that if foreigners Jbould come and work among them, within the liberties of the jaid city, contrary to their ancient privileges, that the fame Jbould be a great decay of cunning, and an impoverishment and driving away of the free-men, being artificers of the crafts, arts and myfteries aforejaid, within the said city of London, to tat groat hurt or deflruftion of the said city : in. For reformation whereof the King’s majesty is pleafcd So much of the and contented that it be enacted by the authority of this prefent	°f * * >

parliament, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this pitfent parliament aflembled, That concemeththe the said aft, only touching the article and daufe afbrtfaid, and denial of arti-all and every fentence and branch contained in the laid adt con- ?ccrs to cerning the fame article, ihall from henceforth be refumed, re-pealed, adnuUed, revoked, adnibilsted and utterly made void dwell notJ for ever; any thing contained in the said former adfc touching the claufe or article aforesaid in any wife to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP, XXL

An act for the buying and felling of butter and cheefe.

BE it ehadled by the authority of this present parliament, Butter or That no person or perfona after the feaft of the Annuncia- cheefe-ftialt tion of our Lady next coming, shall buy to fell again any butter not **kjught or cheefe, unlefs he or they fell the fame again by retail in open toj£ e^ceprit (hop, fair or maiicet, and not in grofs ; (%) upon pain of for- fjeby rexJ] *m feiture of the double value of the lame butter and cheefe fo fold open (hop, fair contrary to the tenor of this present adt: the one moiety of all w market. Which forfeiture to be to our Sovereign lord the King, his heirs Lanc *9, 59* 2nd fuccbffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein no wager oflaw, efloin or protedtion shall be allowed for the defendant or defendants.

II.	Provided alway. That this adt or any thing therein con- innholders tained shall not extend to any innholder or vidtualler for such and vicluaU butter or cheefe as shall be fpent or uttered by retail in any of lcrs-their houfes j any thing contained in this ^dt fo the contrary

not-

  Google

348	Anno	quinto	&	fexto	Edw.VI.	-	[*552*

i»Car. 1. c.^notwithftanding, (2} This aft to endure to the next parliament.

Retailing. III. provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-provided for forefaid, That the said word of retail mentioned in this aft mall by »i Jac. 1. be expounded, declared and taken, only where a waye of c. *i. f. 6. cheefe or a barrel of butter, or of lefs quantity and not above, shall be fold at any one time to any person or persons in open (hop, fair or market, and that to be done without fraud or covin. Continued by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. until the end of the firjl fejjion of the next parliament s and farther continued by 16 Car• 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXII.

Labourers. No cloth-maker, fuller, (heerman, weaver, taylor or (hoe-maker, shall retain in any of the said crafts a journeyman to work by tail-work, or by ^reat, for any time under one quarter of a year ; and every journeyman, being required, shall ferve for a quarter of a year, half a year, or for a Whole year. Every person of any of the said crafts which shall have three apprentices, shall have one journeyman. Servants in hufban-dry and bargemen shall ferve by the whole year, and not by day-wages. REP. 5 Eliz. c. 4.

CAP. XXIII.

A relief granted to the King out of (heep and cloths by the statute 2 fcf 3 Ed. 6. c. 36. releafed, and the relief for goods continued. A.fubfidy granted to the King of twelve-pence ia the pound of gopds, and of every alien two shillings in the pound. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft of the King’s majesty’s moft free and general pardon.

A confirmation by parliament of the King's pardon of all herefies, trea-fons, rebellions, murders, felonies, offences, trefpaiTes, &c. faving iuch which in the said pardon be excepted. EXP.

Anno quinto & fexto Edwardi fexti.

Skin. 1 to. A CTS made in thefeffion of thisprefent	,	bolden

• other edi- XlL upon prorogation at Weftminfter the * thirtieth day of *£» b*ve tbe January in the fifth year of the reign of our moft dread fove-tVJCn'	reign Edward the	by the grace of God, King of

England, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, and of tbe church of England, and Ireland, earth the Jupreme bead; and there continued and kept till the fifteenth of April . in the fixth year of the reign of our said fovereign , as followeth.

Tao.

Pardon.

CAP.



  Google

349

f552-] Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c. i.

C A P. I.

An act for the uniformity offervice and adminiftratton of fa-craments throughout the realm.

WHERE there hath been a very godly order fet forth by the au- Uniformity of thority of parliament, for common prayer and adminifiration prayer and of the facraments to be ufed in the mother tongue within the.cmrch of*^miniftra-England, agreeable to the word of God, and the primitive church, very comfortable to all good people, defiring to live in chrijlian conver- be ufed in the fation, and mojl profitable to the eftate of this realm, upon the which church. the mercy, favour and blejfing of Almighty God is in no wife fo readily and plenteoufiy poured as by common prayers, due ufing of the facra-ments, and often preaching of the gofpel, with the devotion of the hearers: (2) and yet this notwithfianding, a great number of people in divers parts of this realm, following their own fenfuality, and living either without knowledge or due fear of God, do wilfully and damnably before Almighty God abjlain and refufe to come to their pa-rijh churches and other places where common prayer, adminifiration of the facr aments, and preaching of the word of God, is ufed upon Sundays, and other days ordained to be holy days.

II. For reformation hereof, be it  enacted by the King our March 95*. fovereign lord, with the affent of the lords and commons in this - * present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame.

That from and after the feaft of All Saints next coming all and every person and persons inhabiting within this realm, or any other the King’s majesty’s dominions, shall diligently and faithfully (having no lawful or reafonabie excufe to be abfent) endeavour themfelves to refort to their parilh church or chapel ac-cuftomed; (2) or upon reafonabie lett thereof, to fome ufual Every person place where common prayer and such fervice of God lhall be ufed refort to ia such time of lett, (3) upon every Sunday, and other days or-dained and ufed to be kept as holydays , (4) and then and there ^* upon fun-" to abide orderly and foberly during the time of the common days and holi-prayer, preachings or other fervice of God there to be ufed and day*, miniftred; (5) upon pain of punilhment by the cenfures of the church.

*. III. And for the due execution hereof, the King’s mod excellent Majesty, the lords temporal, and all the commons, in this present parliament affembled, doth in God’s name earneft-ly require and charge all the archbilhops, bifhops and other ordinaries. that they lhall endeavour themfelves to the utterinoft of their Knowledges, that the due and true execution thereof may be had throughout their dioceffes and charges, as they will an-fwer before God for such evils and plagues wherewith Almighty God may juftly punilh his people for neglecting this good and wholefome law.

IV. And for their authority in this behalf, be it further like- They which wife enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That all and Angular the Church ma° lame archbilhops, bifhops and all other their officers exercifing beUpunini«I ecdefiaftical jurifdiCtion, as well in place exempt as not exempt, by the cen-

within hires of the chinch.

  LjOOQle

35^	Anno quinto& facto El>W.VI. €.x- f 1552*

within their diocefles, shall have full power and authority by this aft to refonns correft and punith by cenfures of the church, all and lingular persons which /hall offend within any their ju-rifiliftions or dioceffes, after the said feaft of All Saints next coming, againft this aft and statute ; any other law, ftatute, privilege, liberty or provilion heretofore made, had or differed to the contrary notwithstanding;

V.	And bccaufe there hath arifen in the ufe and exerdfe of the a-forefaid common firvice in the churchy heretofore fit forth, divers doubts for the fajhion and manner of the mnijtratim of the fame9 rather by the curiofity of the minijler and mijlakers, than of any other worthy caufi; (a) therefore as well for the more plain and nsanifefi explanation hereof as for the more perfeftion of the said order of com~ won firvice^ in fame places where it is neceffary to make the fame prayers and fajhion offirvice more eameft and fit to far ehrijtian people The book of t0 trU€ honouring of Almighty God; (3) the King’s moft excel-common lent Majesty, with the adept of the lords and commons in this prayer, with prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, coni^ratkl hath caufed the afordTaid order of common fervioe, intituled. The bifhops* S book of common prayer 9\o be faithfully and godly perufcd, explain-priefti, dea- ed aijd made folly perfeft, and by trie aforeCud authority bath ancon*.	nexed and Joined it, fo explained and perfefted, to this prefent

1 Ed. s. c. z. ftatute: (4) adding *lfo a form and manner of making and con-.fecrating of archbifhops, bifhops, priefts and deacons, to be of like force, authority and value as the fame like forefaid book, cntituled, The book of common prayer, was before, and to be accepted, received, ufed and efteemed in like fort and manner, and with the fame claufes of provifions and exceptions, to all intents, conftruftions and purposes, as by the aft of parliament * & 3Ed. 6. made in the fecond year of the King’s majesty’s reign was or-c* *•	dained, limited, exprefled and appointed tor the uniformity qf

fervice and admmiftration of the facraments throughout the realm, upon foeh feveral pains as in the said aft of parliament is exprefled. (5) And the said former aft toftand iivrall force and ftrength, to ill intents and conftruftions, and to be applied, praftrfed and put in ure, to and for the efobli/hing of the book of common prayer, now explained and hereunto annexed, and also the faMtorm of making of archbifhops, bifhops, priefts and deacons hereunto annexed, as it was for the former book.

The penalties VI. And by the authority forefaid it is now further enafted, for being pre- That if any manner of person er persons inhabiting and being Iw	within this realm, or any other the King’s majesty’s dominions,

prayer or fa. ihnll after the said feaft of All Saints willingly and wittingly hear craments. and be present at any other manner or form of common prayer. Altered as to 0f adminrftration of the facraments, of making of mintfters in j e£c a-f c^urc^es, or of any other rites contained; in the book an-• • 2k * 7> nexe<i xo this aft, than is mentioned and fet forth in the £ud book, or that is contrary to the form of sundry provifions and exceptions contained in die forefaid former ftatute, and shall be thereof convifted according to the laws of this realm, before the

juftices

  v^ooQle

155**] Anno quinto & fexto Ebw.VI. c.2,3.	»	351

juftices of affife, justices of oyer and de, justices of peace in their feflions, or any of them, by the verdid of twelve men or by his or their own confeffion or ctherwife, Audi for the first offence fuffer imprifonment for fix months, without bail or main-prife 5 (2) and tor the fccond offence, being likewife convided as is abovefaid, imprifonment for one whole year; and for the third offence in like manner, imprifonment during his or their lives. (3) And for the more knowledge to be given hereof, and better obfervation of this law, be it enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That all and Angular curates shall upon one Sunday every quarter of the year during one whole next following the torefaid feaft of AM Saints next coming, read this present ad in the church at the time of the moft aflembly, and likewife once in every year following; at the fame time declaring unto the people by the authority of the fcripture, how the mercy and goodnels of God hath in all ages been (hewed to his people in their neceflities and extremities, by means of hearty and faithful prayers made to Almighty God, efpecially where people be gathered together with one faith and mind, to offer up their hearts by prayer, as the best facrifices that chriftian men can yield. (This a£i is repealed by 1 Ma.	Se 2. t. is repealed

by 1 El. c.2. (At Jac. 1. c. 28. f. 48. And this is now made perpetual by 5 Ann. t. 5. as to the ejlablijhment of the cbureh.)

CAP. II.

The statute of 22 H.8.	t. 12. and 3 & 4 6. 1.16. touch-

ing vagabonds and idle persons, conformed. The poor of every parifh shall be relieved with that which every parifhio-ner of his charitable dovotion will give. Rep. 14 Eliz. c. 5.

CAP. HI.

An all for the keeping holy-days and

FORASMUCH as at all times men be not fo mindful to laud and Which days prmfeGod, fo ready to r ' '1 ” ’ ’ * J tome to the holy communion an

JL1	praxfe God,fo ready to refort and hear God’s holy	, and only in the

tome to the holy communion and other laudable	which are

ferved in every thrijlian congregation, as their bounden duty doth re- dSlbe

qusre: (2) therefore to tall men to remembrance of their duty, and to faftingdays/ help therr	infirmity, it hath been wholfomly provided, that there Jbould AbU

be feme certain times and days appointed, wherein the thrijlian Jbould °*raUm teafe from all other kind of labours, and Jbould apply	only

and wholly unto the cforefiud holy works, properly pertaining unto true religion; that is, to bear, to learn and to remember Almighty Gods great benefits, his manifold merciesbis ine/timable gracious goodne/s, fo plenteoufly	pound upon all bis creatures, and that of his

infinite and mfpedkablt goodnefs, without any man’s defert; and in mtmbrance hereof, to render unto him moft high ana hearty	1

with prayers	andjupplieations for the relief of all our daily necejfittes:

(3) and	bttaafe theft be the thief and principal works wherein man is

commanded to worjbip God, and do properly pertain unto the first table; therefore as theft works are moft commonly, and also may weifibe called God’s fervice, fo the times appointed fpecially for the fame, are called

holy-

  Google

352	Anno	quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c.3.	[1552*

holy-days ; not for the matter and nature either of the time or day, nor for any of the faints fake, whofe memories are had on thofe days, {for Wherefore fo all days and times conftdered are God’s creatures, and all of like holi-fome days are nefs) but for the nature and condition of thofe godly and holy works* more called wherewith only God is to be honoured, and the congregation to be edi-than otlier* fie^ whereunto such times and days are fanflified end hallowed; this is to fay, feparated from all profane ufes, and dedicated and appointed* not unto any faint or creature, but only unto God and his true worjbip -

(4)	neither is it to be thought that there is any certain time or definite number of days prefcribed in holy fcripture, but that the appointment both of the time and also of the number of the days, is left by the authority of God’s word to the liberty of Chri/Ts church, to be determined and ajfigned orderly in every country, by the difcretion of the rulers and minijlers thereof as they Jhall judge mofi expedient to the true fetting forth of God’s glory, and the edification of their people: (5) be it All thefe days therefore  enacted by the King our fovereign lord, with the af-jhall be kept fent Qf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in none other. t*lis Pre^ent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the days hereafter mentioned shall be kept and commanded to be kept holy-days, and none other; that is to lay, all Sundays in the year, the days of the feaft of the Circum-cifion of our Lord Jefus Chrift, of the Epiphany, of the Purification of the Bleffed Virgin, of Saint Matthew the apoftle, of the Annunciation of the Bleffed Virgin, of Saint Mark the evangelift, fOf of Saint Philip and Jacob the apoftles, of the Afcenfim of our Lord Jefus Chrift, of the Nativity of Saint John Bqptifi, of Saint Peter the apoftle, of Saint James the apoftle, of Saint Bartholomew the apoftle, of Saint Matthew the apoftle, of Saint Michael the archangel, of Saint Luke the evangelift, of Saint Simon and Jude the apoftles, of All Saints, of Saint Andrew the apoftle, of Saint Thomas the apoftle, of the Nativity of our Lord, of Saint Stephen the martyr, of Saint John the evangelift, of the holy Innocents, Monday and Tuefday in Eafier-week, and Monday and Tuefday in IVhitfiin-week \ and that none other day shall be kept and commanded to be kept holy-day, or to abffain from lawful bodily labour.

II. And it is also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every even or day next going before any or the aforesaid days of the feafts of the nativity of our Lord, of Eafitr; of the Afcen-fioti of our Lord, Penttcojl, and the Purification, and the Annunciation of the aforesaid Blefled Virgin, of All Saints, and of all thc said feafts of the apoftles, (other than of Saint John the evangelift, and Philip and Jacob) shall be faded, and commanded to be kept and obferved, and that none other even or day shall be • commanded to be faded.

PuniOiment of III. And it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall offenders by be lawful to all ajchbilhops and bifhops in their dioceffes, and the ecclefiafth t0 ajj other having ecclefiaftical or fpiritual jurifdidtion, to en-' Uw* quire of every person that shall offend in the premises, and to punifti every such offender by the cenfures of the church, and

to



Which days shall be commanded and kept fafting-days.

  v^ooQle

155*-] Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c.4.	35$

to enjoin him or them such penance as shall be to the fpiritual judge by his diredion thought meet and convenient.

IV.	Provided always, That this ad, or anything therein con- Abftinence tamed, shall not extend to abrogate or take away the abftinence from flefh in from fle(h in Lent, or on Fridays and Saturdays, or any other ,cnJvfr^y5 day which is already appointed fo to be kept, by virtue of an*n& *Ed.6?‘ aSt made and ptoviaed in the third year of the reign of our fove- c. 10!

reign lord the King’s majesty that now is, faving only of thofe EXP. evens or days whereof the holy-day next following is abrogated by this ftatute; any thing above mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	Provided also, and be it enabled by the authority afore- When the Tabid, That when and fo often as it shall chance any of the faid

feafts (the evens whereof be by this statute commanded to be of the obferved and kept fading day) to fall upon the Monday \ That fanday. then, as it hath always been heretofore accuftomably ufed, fo hereafter the Saturday then next going before any such feaft or holy-day and not the Sunday, shall be commanded to be faded for the even of any such feaft or holy-day; any thing in this statute before mentioned or declared to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

, VI. Provided always, and it is enabled by the authority afore- In *hat cafes I bid. That it shall be lawful to every hufbandman, labourer. Tome persons fifherman, and to all and every other person or persons, of what m*y date, degree or condition he or they be, upon the holy-days day? e 0 aforesaid, in harveft, or at any other time in the year when ne-cdfity shall require, to labour, ride, filh, or work any kind of work, at their free wills and pleafure; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- Knights of the fordaid, That it shall be lawful to the knights of the right ho- garter may nourable order of the garter, and to every of them, to keep and folcmnize St. celebrate folemnly the feaft of their order, commonly called St. George's feaft. George's feaft, yearly from henceforth the xxij, xxiij, and xxiv. days of Aprils and at such other time and times, as yearly shall be thought convenient by the King’s highness, his heirs and fucceflors, and the said knights of the said honourable order, or any of them, now being, or hereafter to be $ any thing in this aft heretofore mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding. Repealed by 1 Ma. Sejf. 2. c. 2. which is repealed by 1 Jac. 1. c. 25.

/48-

CAP. IV.

Jgainft quarrelling and fighting in churches and church-yards.

FORASMUCH as of late divers and many outragious and barba- The penalty rous behaviours and a£fs have been ufed and committed by divers for flrikmg or I ungodly and irreligious persons, by quarrelling, brawlings fraying and dewing a fighting openly in (hurches and church-yards: (2) therefore it is en-! afted by the King our fovereign lord, with the affent of the lords church yard.

fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefcnt parlia- Hetley 84.

I ment aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That if any ' Vo 1. V.	A	a	perlon

354

Anno quinto & fcxto Edw.VI. c.$.	[i55a-

perfon whatfoever, shall at any time after the first day of May next coming, by words only, quarrel, chide or brawl in any church or church-yard, that then it shall be lawful unto the ordinary of the place where the fame offence shall be done, .and proved by two lawful witnefles, to fufpend every person fo offending; that is to fay, if he be a layman, ab ingreffu Ecck-fue, and if he be a clerk, from the miniftration of his office, for fo long time as the said ordinary shall by his difcretion think meet and convenient, according to the fault.

The penalty JJ. And further it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, That achur^&c1 ^ any Perf°n or persons after the said first day of May shall linitq *	*	or lay violent hands upon any other, either in any church or

church-yard, that then ipfo fatto every person fo offending shall be deemed excommunicate, and be excluded from the fellow-(hip and company of Chrift's congregation.

The penalty III. And also it is enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if fmibiT'^wi^a Per^on after the said first day of May shall malicioufly (bike weapon Til the any person with any weapon in any church or church-yard, or church, &c. after the fame first day of May shall draw any weapon in any % Leon. 188. church or church-yard, to the intent to ftrike another with the fame weapon, That then every person fo offending, and thereof Cro?	being convidted by verdidt of xii. men, or by his own confeflton,

** or by two lawful witnefles, before the justices of affife, justices of Oyer and Determiner, or justices of peace in their feffions, by force of this a&, shall be adjudged by the fame justices before whom such person shall be convicted, to have one of his ears cut off. (2) And if the perion or perfon6 fo offending have none cars, whereby they (hould receive such punifhment as is before declared, that then he or they to be marked and burned in the cheek with an hot iron, having the letter F. therein, whereby he or they may be known and taken for fray-makers and fighters ; (3) and befides that, every such person to be and (land ipfo faho excommunicated, as is aforesaid.

CAP. V.

Huibandjy. So much land shall be put in tillage, and fo continued, as was at any time in tillage (and fokept four years) fithence Anno 1 H. 8. upon pain the offender to forfeit five shillings an acre: but this adt shall not extend to any land converted, or to be converted, into pafture for the maintenance of the houfe of any perfon, nor to land that hath commonly lien pafture for-

3f years last pad, nor to wafte grounds, heaths, common owns, fens, moors or marfhes, that have not been commonly tilled forty years last paft, nor to any warren for conies, or park for (leer, nor to any ground (tubbed, nor to any bit or furrouftded marlhes, nor to any ground inclofed by the . King’s licence, nor to any orchard, garden, pool or pond-yard, nor to any meadow-ground yearly mowen for hay, nor to any tend fet with faffron or hops, or (own with hemp, flax, woad or madder, or fown with acorns, or fet with wood, during such times as the fame shall be ufed to the intents before

»	t

Google

$5$

*55**1 Anao quinto	Scfcxto Elm. VI.	c.6S

fore fpocifkd: neither shall this a<St extend to any that hath, or within one yew shall convert lb much pafture into tillage within the fame parifh, town* village or hamlet. T7 endure ten years, and from theme to the end of the next parliament. REP*

5 EL €. i. 39 EL c. i. and zijac.i* e* 28.

CAP. VI.

jin a3 for the true making of woollen cloth.

\X THERE heretofore divers and many goodly flatutes have keen Th« re*

▼ V made for the true making of cloth within this realms which as SP. nevartbeiefs forafmuch as clothiers, fome for lack of knowledge and oHlothes, try experience, and fome of extreme covetoufnefs, do daily more and more 43E). c.io’f.j* finely rather to make many than to make good clothes, (2) having more The true refpe& to their private commodity and gain, than the advancement	an4

truthy and continuance of the commodity in eftimation, according to the of” worthinefs thereof, (3) have and do daily, inftead of truth, praciife^woollen fedfhood, and inftead of fubftantial making of cloth, do praflife fleigbt clothes. and flender making, fome by mingling of yarns of divers fpmnings in S€v^1 ?bn'CJ one doth, (4) fome by mingling fell-wool and lambs-wod, or either making of* of themy with fleece-woolly (f) Jome by putting too little fluff, (6) cloth. fome by taking them out of the mill before they be full thicked, (7) fome by over-ftretching them upon the tenter, and then flopping with flocks such bracks as Jball be made by means thereof; (0) finally, by ufing fo many fubtle fleights and untruths, as when the clothes fo made be put in the water to try them, they rife out of the fame neither in length nor breadth as they ought to do, and in fome place narrower than fome, (9) befide such cockeling, bandoning, and divers other I great and notable faults, as almoft cannot be thought to be true;

II* Mud yet neverthelefs, neither fearing the laws in that cafe pro*

| vided, nor regarding the efti/nation of their country, do not only procure the aulnager toJet the King’s feal to such falfe, untrue and faulty ckthy but do themfefves w ave into the fame the likenefs and fimhtuie ! of the King’s highness moft noble and imperial crown, and also the firfl I Inter of his name, which Jhould be teftimenies of truth, and net a defence of untruth, to the great dander of the King our fovereign lord, j and the Jbame of this land, and to the utter definition of fo great and notable commodity, as the like is not in any foreign nation ;

III.	Our Jaid fovereign lard the King therefore minding to advance all truth, and to abandon faljbood, and also to providtfor the continuance of the said commodity of cloth-making, to bis honour and the common prefit of the realm, hath, by the advice of the lords and commons in this present parliament ajfetnbled, caufed as well divers honefl clothiers, as also divers drapers, merebant-tayhrs, cloth-workers,

Jheermtn and other artificers to whom it appertaineth, to be examined by certain wife, difereet and fage knights and burgejfes of this present xhecotmiefdf parliament, of such matters as touch as well the falfe as the true mak-	fJtgC>

ing of clothes, by whofe declaration, confent, agreement and advice, difereet, and after divers and sundry meetings, and great deliberate advice taken^en of expe-m the prermjfes, (2) by authority of this present parliament, it is and enacted as hereafter tottoweth, to remain firm and perfect, not-	Jo

witbftaQding any luggeftions hereafter to be made by any clo- the making of

A a 2	thier	this ftatutt.

3 5*

Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c-'6.	[155*.

thier or clothmaker to the contrary, as they, have In like cafes heretofore done; that is to (ay, That every cloth, kerfie, piece of frize and cotton, shall be made in such fort and form, and shall contain in length, breadth and weight, as is herein hereafter particularly mentioned, upon such pains, penalties and forfeitures as be nerealfter exprefled and appointed.

Tbe weight IV. Firft, That all and every broad cloth and* clothes which and length of shall be made after the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel next made ' «r- co*n*n8> *nthin the (hires of Kent and Suffix, or at the town of tain plat**. Redding, or any of them, or elfewhere of like making as the Altered a* "to clothes made mere shall be of, shall contain in length at the wa-the weight by ter, every piece being through wet, betwixt eight and twenty ♦&5Ph\k^* and thirty yards of meafure that now is cuftomahly ufed, and piawed by*4* ® breadtn feven quarters at the lead, within the lids, by the JacTt. c!v whole length of the fame cloth, the lids of the fame clothes to

1.	*5,	be of like making and adife as they have here beforetime been

ufed to be made, and that every piece of thl (aid clothes being well fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried, shall be in weight and weigh fourfcore and ten pound at the lead.

Lone Wor- V. And that all and every white cloth and clothes which shall celten. * be made within the city of Worthier, commonly called long Altered as to fVorcefters, and all like clothes of like making, made within thfcWpK^v!r *^e aty Coventry or elfewhere, after the laid read, shall con-c and at to ta'n *n length, being wet as is aforesaid, betwixt nine and twen-the length and Vf *"<1 one ^ thirty yards the piece, and to every yard one inch breadth by of the dandard, ana shall be of the breadth above fpecified ♦ Jac. 1. c. a. throughout and by all the length of the whole cloth, and lifted as hath been accuftomed, and being well fcowred,. thicked, nulled and fully dried, shall weigh fourfcore and four pound the piece at the lead.

' VI. And that all coloured clothes made in the said cities of Coloured Coventry and Worcejier, or elfewhere of like making, after the clothe*. said feaft, shall contain and be of like length and breadth as is lad before mentioned, and be lided as is aforesaid, and being well fcowred, thicked and fully dried, shall weigh fourfcore pound the piece at the lead.

White clothes VII. And that all and every white cloth and clothes, coin-called (hort monly called (hort Wtrcejlers, which shall be made .within the Worceftert. said city or county, or elfewhere of the fame fort, after the laid feaft, (nail contain in length being wet, betwixt three and twen-

Sand five and twenty yards, yard and inch of the rule, and all be of the breadth as is aforesaid, throughout and by all the whole cloth,* and lifted according to die ancient ouftom, and being well fcowred, thicked and duly dried, shall weigh threescore .	pound the piece at the lead.

Cokmred long VIII. And that all coloured long clothes, which after the clothe*. said feaft shall be made within the mires of , Norfolk or • Efftx*or any of them, or elfewhere of like fort, shall contain in lw SSL length, wet as is aforesaid, betwixt eight and twenty and thirty &M. c. 5. and yards, yard and inch of the rule, and shall be in breadth feven a* to the" quarters of the yard within the lifts at the lead, throughout and

bJf

 

I#*.) Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c.6.	357

If ail the whole doth, and lifted as hath been accuftomed, and weight by *s kina well fcowred, thicked, milled and fully,dried, shall weigh E1*c’,0* *•5* feuncore pound the piece at the leaft.

IX.	And that all and every (hort cloth and clothes coloured, Coloured (hart which after the said feaft shall be made within the said (hires last clothes, remembred, or any of them, or elfewhere of like fort, shall contain wet as is aforesaid betwixt three and twenty and five and

| twenty yards, yard and inch of the rule, and shall be in breadth |asisla(t remembred, throughout and by the whole cloth, and kfled as Is aforesaid, and being fully fcowred, thicked, milled rod fully dried, shall weigh threefcore and fouF pound the piece atthe leaft.

X.	And that all and every coloured cloth and clothes, which Coloured after the said feaft shall be made within the said (hires last re-membered, or elfewhere of like forts, commonly called handy- y‘wirp^ warps, of what length they shall happen to be, shall be in breadth

out of the water, throughout and by all the whole cloth, as is last remembred, and lifted as they have been accuftomed, and being well fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried, every yard tf every such doth shall weigh three pouna at the leaft. {2)

And that all whites which after the said feaft shall be made in Whites being the (aid (hires or elfewhere, as Cockfal whites, Glmmfords, and handy-warps, other being handy-warps,' of what lengths foever they shall be,

(hall contain in breadth as i$ afore remembred, and be lifted as is aforesaid, and being well fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried, shall weigh by the yard three pound at the leaft, of fuel* mea&ire as hath been before ufed,

XI.	And that all whites and reds, which after the said feaft Whites and shall be made in the (hires or counties of Wtltjhire^ Gloucejler

and Smerfetj or any of them, or elfewhere of like making, and £etSj ail other whites which shall be made in any other parts of this blues and ol realm, and not afore remembred, shall contain in length, be- ther coloured ing through wet, betwixt fix and twenty and eight ana twenty clo^.e4* yards, and shall be feven quarters of the yard in breadth within ^tcr^^o the lifts at the leaft, and lifted according to the aneient cuftom, the weight of | and being well fcowred, tbicked, milled and fully dried, shall Wilrthire weigh every piece threefcore and four pound, being white, and	**

I threefcore pound being coloured at the leaft. (2) And that all cA and broad plunkets, azures, blues and other coloured cloth, which as to the5 after the said feaft shall be made within the said (hires of Wilt- breadth by *7 flirt, Gloucejler or Somerfet, or elfewhere of like making, shall El. c. 17. and contain, being wet as is afprefaid, betwixt five and twenty and 35 E •c* ?•

| feven and twenty yards, yard and inch of the rule, and shall be feven quarters of a yard within the lifts at the leaft, and lifted I according to the ancient cuftom, and being well fcowred, thick-■ ed, milled and fully dried, shall weigh founcore and eight pound 1 the piece at the leaft.

f XII. Arid that all kerfies called ordinaries, shall contain in Ordinary ker-> length betwixt feventeen and eighteen yards, yard and inch as fies.

I is aforesaid, and being well fcowred, thicked, milled, drefled	*• c-

I and frilly dried, shall weigh xxJ li. at the leaft. {2) And all	mg ^

j *	Aa 3	k$rfies

35*	Annoquh\to 1$ fexto Edw.VL	\lS52’

Altered as to kerfies faUed fcrtiag kerfies, which after the laid feaft shall be the length and made in anypart of this the King’s majesty’s reajm of England, dinariss>- and COIftain'in length at the water betwixt leventeen and eigh-ai to the teen yards, yard and inch as. is aforesaid; and being Well fcow-weightot fort- red,, thicked, milled, drefled and fully dried, ready to be fhew-inEkeSlfs^y ed, shall weigh xxiij. li, the piece at lead* . *

M. c. s.	XIH< And that all Devwjbirt kerfies called dozens* wluch

Devonfhir'’	fhall he made after the said feaft, lhall contain, in leqgftithe

kerfies further water between twelve and thirteen yards, yard and inch o£ {he 'provided for. |yje . a^d being well fcowred, thicked, jndled and fully dried, M weigh xiv. li, the piece at the lead, .	...

and jeEl.c.10. XIV. And that all anid every broad cloth and clothes called Broad clothes Tyumen clothes, Bridgwaters and other clothes, which (hair be nJa un' ma<k a^ter t^e said feaft in Taunton, Bridgwater or in other places ttr’&c nar^ °f like fort, shall contain at the water in length betwixt twelve row clorhesby and thirteen yards, yard and inch of the rule, and in breadth 4> El- c. 40. feven quarters of a yaTd: (2) and every narrow cloth made af-

f.j. the weight ter the laid feaft in the laid towns, or elfewhere of like lbrts, thirty* d ^all conta*n *n t^lc waiter in length betwixt three and twenty

m * *	*	Onrl	fti/o	ttnonhr	srord	on/1	!n/*K «sc io	In

$cc.

Check-kerfie, ftfaiU.

Weld*

Clothes. Repealed touching the length and weight 4 U 5

and five and twenty yards, yard and inch as is aforesaid, am} in breadth one yard of like meafure; and every such fforb, both broad and narrow, being well fcowred, thicket, .muled and fully dried, lhall weigh xxjriv, li* the piece at the lealL . XV. And that alj clothes nsuned check-kerfie and fbaits, which shall be made after the said feaft, . dull contain being wet between fey$nteen and eighteen yards, with the inches as is a-forefaid, apd in breadth one yard at the Jeaft at the water $ and beifcg well fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried, shall weigh *xiv. li. the piece at the Jeaft,

XVI.	And that all and every Webb cottpn.and cottons, which after the said feaft fhaJJ be made and wrought ready to be fold fpr ^ whole piece, (hallnpt be ftretched op the tenter npr other-wife.above a nail of a yard in breadth, and shall be in lepgth

, .two and thirty gpafis in the water at the mod, and in bresjath i>hM, c-V xhrc$ quartets of a yard at the water at the leaft, and being io 2i Jac.i. c.2^. fpjly yrrought, every w}u?le piece thereof shall weigh xlvj. li, at the lead; and every half piece of Welch cotton being fully wrought as is aforefcid, (fhall contain in length, weight and breadtl) after the fap>e rate.

XVII.	And that all Welch frizes, which after the feaft afore-faid ftraJl bo made ^tvd wrought within the (hires of Cacmtrthv{ and Pembroke, or any of them, or elfewhere otlike making, ready to be fold for a whole piece, shall contarn in length at the water, fix and thirty yards at the mod, yara and Jpck of the rule, and in breadth three quarters of a.yard j, and ;being fp fully wrought (hail weigh every whole piece xlyiij, 1* at the lead ; and every half piece of Welch frizes being fully wrought rtts aforesaid, shall contain in length, breadth and weight after the fame rap?..

XVIII.	And that al] apd every Norther#,clothes which after the-faid feaft (hplj be /i^de* (bail contain between three and

i	twenty

f. 5,

ATekh fuzes.

Northern

doth.

  Google

i$52*] Anno quinto & facto Edw.VI. c.6.

twenty and five and twenty yards m length, yard and inch of the rule, and in breadth being through wet, feven quarters of a yard within the lifts at the lead) and being well fcowred, thicked, milled and folly dried, shall weigh Ixvi. li. the piece at the leaft.

XIX.	And every half piece called dozens, made after the said feaft, shall contain in length between twelve and thirteen yards of meafure aforesaid, and feven quarters of a yard in breadth as dfbre, within the lifts $ and being well fcowred, thicked, milled and folly dried, shall weigh xxxiij. li. at the leaft.

XX.	And that all Clothes commonly called peniftones or foreft Whites, which shall be made after the feaft aforesaid, shall contain in length being wet, betwixt twelve and thirteen yards, yard and inch as is aforesaid, and in breadth (ix quarters and a Half quarter, but of the water, at the leaft j and being well fcow-red, thicked, milled and fully dried, shall weigh xxviij. 1. the piece at the leaft.

XXI.	And that fell add every cottons called Manchefter^ Lan-ctfbireirA Chtfhire cottons, which shall be made after the said farfty Full wrought to the fale, shall be in length two and twenty feids, and contain in breadth three quarters of a yard in the W^tet^ andihall weigh* xxx. li. the piece at the leaft.

- 'XXII; And that 5lclothes called Manchefter rugs, otherwife netted Manchifter feizes,which shall be made after the said feaft, tod fully wrought to* fale, shall contain in length fix and thirty yards, atid in breadth threb quarters of a yard, coming but of the water, and shall not be ftretched bn the tenter or otherwife aboVe a nail of a yard in breadth ; and being fo fully wrought and well dried shall weigh every piece xlviij. li. at the leaft.

* XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person tod persons which after the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, shall make or caufe to be made any of the fe* VCral kinds of broad clothes above rehearfed, of any (horter or kmger meafure thtoris above fpecified and appointed for every country or feveral kinds of clothes to be made, or make any fetch cloth or Clothes of lefs breadth or weight, being well fcow± red, thicked, refilled and folly dried, than as is abovefaid fpei rified and appointed for every feveral courftry or kinds of clothes, irnd shall put the fame to fale, shall forfeif and lofe for every such default of every doth fold or offered to be fold, in length or breadth, xl. s, (z) And for every pound weight which any doth fa made and fold, or offeree! to be fold, shall lack, exceeding not above four pound in weight, shall also forfeit ij. s. for every pound, the fame forfeiture to go to the finder thereof: (3) and that if any such cloth lack above four pound weight of the feveral weights above mentioned. That every owner thereof shall then forfeit xl. s. for every such cloth fo lacking weight as is aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That if any broad-cloth (ball exceed the feveral length before appointed for every country, or kind of making, by means of the finenefs, or the good, perfect and ftuffy mating of the fame cloth, that then the maker

A a 4	thereof

m

Dozens*

Peniftones or foreft whites.

Manchefter, cottons.

This and the next fedHon ’ altered by 4. & 5 Ph. & M, c. 5. f. 13. Manchefter rugs.

Forfeiture of the offenders in broad clothes,

Cloth exceed-jag the length by the g00d-nefs.

  Tooele

360

Anno quinto & fextoEDW.VL c.6.	[1551.-

thereof shall not incur any lofs of penalty for the over length of any such fine clpth; any thing herein to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Forfeitures for XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every perfan I\arr>>w and persons, which after the said feaft shall make or caufe to be £ ° dozens.' ma<^e any °f the feveral kinds of kerfey s, narrow clothes, (heights, dozens, frizes or cottons above mentioned, which shall not be made in such manner and form as is abovefaid, nor contain and have in length, breadth and weight, feverally appointed and limited as is above fpecified, shall lofe and forfeit tor every piece of cloth called (height or dozen, and for every piece of narrow cloth, kerfey, frize or cotton, fo to be made and fold or offered to be fold, xx. s.

No flocks, hair XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the or yarn of	faid feaft no person or persons shall put any hair, flocks, or any

lambs wool	yarn made Qf lambs wool, into any cloth, kerfey, frize or cotton,

any clotE?* ” lo ^nade and fold or offered to be (old, upon pain to forfeit every Repealed in such cloth, kerfey, frize and cotton, wherein any such yam, hair part by 27 El. or flocks shall be put, or the value of such cloth, kerfeys or frize. c. is. 1. *. XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any timeafter 7 Ed. 6. c.%	any	cloth	through the default or negligence of the

Repealed by 4. carders, fpinners or weavers, pr any of them, shall or do prove & 3 Ph. 8c M. either purfie, bandy, fqually by warp or woof, or elfe shall hap-c. 5. f. 16.	: pen to be evil burled or wafted in the mill, or elfe through the

default or negligence of the mill-man, or otherwife, to be full of boles, mill-bracks, or to be holely, that then the feal of thei aulneger shall not be fixed or fet to any such cloth; any law, statute or usage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding, bu$ the accuftomable fees and allowances of the aulneger fhaU ne-verthelefs be paid, upon pain of forfeiture of such whole cloth or the value thereof.

The aulne XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any clothier or £er * f5cJl'an ^loth-fnaker do after the said feaft put any cloth or kerfie to fale, thePdothbere ^°re he shall have paid to the aulneger or his deputy the ac-lold.	cuftomable fee, or agree for the fame, as he, (he or they have been

accuftomed, shall lofe and forfeit for every default, xx. s.

No cloth shall XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no person or per-betranfported fons, Englijby denizen, alien or ftranger, shall after the laid aulneger’s feaft carry or tranfport or caufe to be carried or tranfported into and owner’s any of the parts beyond the fea, any cloth, kerfie, fnze or cot-leal be fet to it. ton, pf the feveral forts above recited, unlefs the King’s feal or aulnegcr’s feal of this realm, and the feal of the owner or maker of the cloth, (declaring therein the length of the cloth as it shall be in the water) be fet upon every such cloth, upon pain to forfeit every such cloth lacking the fame feals or any of them, or the value thereof.

Every retailer XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, flial) try his That no draper, merchant-tay|or, cloth-worker or other perfon, cloth, and which shall retail any of the clothes or kerfies, frizes, rugs or which is fatal- cottons of the feveral makings aforesaid, shall after the faia feaft tyt	put to fale any of the cloths afore mentioned, whereunto the

aulneger shall have fet to the King’s feal and the owner his feal,

till



  LiOOQle

Anno quinto & facto Epw-.VI. c	3B1

tiU fixh thneas he or they have m«le trial, as well by the	•	•

water as by the weight and meafure, whether they and every of them shall be made according to the purport and true meaning of this adt or no.

XXXI.	And if any perion or persons shall find any defective or faulty cloth in length, weight or meafure, made contrary to the order aforesaid, That then he or they shall present every such doth, to every mayor, bailiff or other head officer or head officers ' of every city/borough or town corporate, or to two justices of -peace next adjoining out of achy, borough or town corporate* . where such cloth shall be found faulty as is aforesaid, to the in-. tent the feme cloth may be cut into three equal parts and pieces; -(2) the one piece thereof to be forfeited to our fovereign lord die King, another piece to be to the prefenter therepf, and the third part refidue to such perion or persons as it then shall be pre-; fen ted to } (3)upon pain that every such person as shall not fo fearch every of the clothes, kerfies, cottons or frizes, aforesaid, fo by bim tobe bought and fold, and shall not feife and present inch doth or clothes as he or they shall find defective as is afore— hud, shall forfeit and lofe the double value of every such cloth.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That every clothier or The clothier other person whatfoever, which fo shall fell any such faulty ker- repay hir fie, cotton or frize, whereunto theaulneger and the owner shall w^of faulty have fet to their feals, and shall be fo feized as is aforesaid, shall ci/th. y within fourteen days next after requeft made by writing, meflage

or other wife, by such person which shall fo buy such cloth, make

payment of filch Turns of money as he received for the fame, or

(hall otherwife fatisfy, difeharge and acquit him for fo much mo-.	'

oey as he shall or ffjould have received for the fame; (2).upon . v ..

pain of forfeiture to the party or grieved for every non-payment

or not acquittal,1 as is aforesaid, jthe double value of the money

Co received, or to be received, the .fame to be recovered by bill,

plaint, adion of debt, or otherwife, in any of the King’s joa-

jeftv’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protedion, of wager

of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XXXIII.	And for the further avoiding of much untruth Stretching of pradifed by firetching of clothes, be itanaded. That no person dothe*'

or persons shall after the (aid feaft drain or ftretch, or caufe to be drained or ftretched, any doth above one yard in length, and one half quarter in breadth, upon pain to forfeit for every such default five pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That no person which Th* penalty

(hall after the said feaft keep, have, ufe or occupy any tenter,	t

(hall have ufe or occupy any wrinch, rope or ring with the fame wrinch.rope tenter, or shall ufe any other engine, unlawfully to drain or or ring, ftretch any cloth or clothes, upon pain that every offender that

(hall ufe or occupy any tenter, or other engine to the contrary, lhall forfeit twenty pounds.

XXXV.	And be italfo enaded by like authority. That if any merchant shall by any means transport or carry over into the c|oth.1

parts beyond the fea, any doth, kerfie, frize or cotton, which Repealed as to

(hall.

  LjOoq le

362	Anno	quinfo	& fe*to EdW.VP. 6.	[1554;

♦he returning shall be ftnmddefedflveor fatlky, either in length", breadth of' *\* th& b	®r	e^e ihal) have any of the faults aforesaid, that then

4	& I’ph. ic^ (he merchant, or other person Whfieh shall fo tranfport the fame,

M. c. 5. f. ij, shall return again, the fame doth fo found defefttoe, into England, at the cofts and charges of the clothier or clothmaker that fold the lame cloth ; (2) the feme cofts ahd things to be recovered againft fitch clothmaker or clothier, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of the King’s courts; any pro-j mife or bargain to the contrary notwithflanding : (3) upon pain that every merchant, or other person which shall not fo return: such faulty or defective doth (if through misfortune by tempefts,

C’rates or enemies he be not letted) shall forfeit and lofe the va-e of the cloth fo (hipped and tranfported, arid not returned as is aforefeid; the one moiety thereof to the King, and the other* moiety to him that will Cue for the fame by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information ; in which aftion rio efloiri, proteftion or wager of law shall be admitted for the. defendant. '

XXXVI.	And to the intent that it may be perfectly known which clothes are perfectly drefled, dyed and preffed with the-cold prefs, without fraud, covin and deceit, as well within the city of London as elfewhere, and have fafficient workmanfhip: X^n«ir*her* XXXVn. Be k further enaded. That as well the mayor of pointed m* c'ty London,arid .aldermen, or the mod part of them’ for curry city, bo- the time being, as all and every other mayor, bailiff, and other rough, &e. of head officer or officers of every city, borough or town corporate withift this realm, shall haverall power and authority by virtue *	’	’f	*	of	this aft, t6 nominate, depute and appoint, from time to time

as occafioh shall ferve, and (hail fo from time to time nominate, depute arid appoint two or more h6neft, difcrfeet and expert per-(bns, which (nail from time to time upon thfeir oaths view and ftarch all and every cloth and clothes that shall be drefled, dyed or preffed with the cold prefs^ Within every loch dty,: borough town corporate or port town ; (2) and view and fearch whether the fem&cloth and clothes be well and fuflifcxently drefled, and preffed with the cold prefs, without putting thereto flocks^ follace; Chalk, flour, or any other deceitful thing; (3) and also whether the fame shall be" well and fubftantiallv dyed with good and perfeft colours, without any deceivable tning, or whether it shall be ftretched or drained any more than is above fpecified ;

(4)	and shall have full power and authority by virtue of this aft to enter into all and every perfon’s houfe or hpufes, where they shall think meet, to fearch and to feife all and every such doth or clothes as they shall find defeftive in the premises, as forfeited, in whofe hands foever they lhall be found: The moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety to the ufe of the mayor and commonalty of the city of London, or to the ufe of every city, borough, town corporate, port-town or market-town where the fame shall be feized.

A remedy for ^XXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That every person or theloferwhere persons in whofe hands and pofleflion 'fuch defeftive or faulty

the cloth is	..	 n	.. J.. ■ fi.1. 1J—/r__________nr._____-L

their authority.

*Sc3 Ph. &

M. c. is.

the cloth is faulty.

cloth, either by evil or Receivable dying, drefftng orpreffing, as is

afore-

Google

155?:) A^np qoinlip&fcjitoEDW.'VI. .fc.f.	$63

aforefaid, (h^ll be,found and ftitxd, as is aforesaid, (flail have his* her, or their remedy by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint* inforo^ation or otherwife, in any of the King’s majedy’s courts of record, wherein na eflbin, proteflkm or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed for the defendant, againd all and every such person or personsr by whofe defaults pr negligence such cloth shall fp be found faulty, (2) and shall thereby recover all .fuch cods, lofles and damages as he shall fudain by occafion thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the . feme authority,

^hat as well the said mayor of the city of	eveiy other

mayor, bailiff, portreeve, or other head officer of every city, bor rough, town corporate, or port-town, shall on this fide the 4aid	*

fead caufe to be prepared a feal of lead, wherein as well the arms f as the name of every (uch city, borough, town corporate, or port-town, shall be graven, which the lame fearchers (ball caufe to be fixed fo every cloth that they shall find after the said feaft well and diffidently drefled, dyed, and prefled with the cold -	1	~

prels, without any of the deceits aforesaid, (2) and shall have	.	*

tor their pa ms and travels therein to be taken by the pwnpjr thereof for the fealing of every .cloth, ij. d.	»	.	. ;	a

XL. And be it further ena£e<h That if any feather prfeajrcber* Thefeal of to to be appointed, do after rhe said fead find any pfibe*ck>thesj fault* cloth, peing floured or dyed, fo made after the (aid feaft^ efthef cockely, purly, bandy, fqually or rowy, or evil bijrled, or waded in the mill, or full of holes or bracks. That theft th5 feme \	"

iearchepor fearchers (hall, befidea tfie feal of the city* . borough '	j

or town corporate, where the feme* cloth shall bp found* put another feal pf lead at every end of the feid (Jotf*, wherein shall pe grayer^ the letter and ?Jfo fet ,a marjc inf the ;lid, right againd such pl^ce where^fty ,of the faults aforesaid (hall

S, with the print of a letter or mark of an, inch compafeat the id, whereby every buyer may well knpw wha^and where the ‘ fault is.

Xtl. Ajod be it further ena&ed, That if any of the fearchers Forfeiture aforefeid _ (nail fet the feal of any city, borough, town corporate ™herc the feal pr port-town, to-any coloured cloth, which shall ftpt be fuffici- “ ■(7 ently drefled, dyed, prefled and wrought as is aforefeid* That drcffcd. Y tlien the mayor ar^d commonalty, or bailiffs or commonalty; or • .other corporation of the townftup, by whatfoever name or names tliey shall be incorporated, where (uch cloth shall fo be fealed,

(hall forfeit and )ofe the whole value pf the cloth fo fealed.

" XLII, And be it further epskded by the authority aforesaid* Forfeiture

That if any of the fearchers aforesaid, after the said fead, do fet

the feal of the city, borough or.{own corporate, within the li- ckjtft.0 "	^

inits of their fearch, co any cloth which shall be: cockely, purfy,

bandy, fqually, rowy, evil burled, waded in the mill, or full of

holes, as is aforesaid, and pot fet at every end* of the (aid clothes,

one feal with the letter F. as is aforesaid, and also declare by the

lids as is aforesaid, what and where the faults of the clothes be*

That then the mayor and commonalty, or other the corporation, of every fu^h borough, city, or town corporate, where fuch

fearchers

 

3«4

Cloth retailed which is unified.

Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VL C.6.	[1552:

fearchers shall be appointed, shall forfeit and lofe for every such omiffibn, or not fetting to of any such feal as is aforesaid, five pound.

• XLIII. And be it further enabled. That no person or persons, whatfoever they be, which commonly ufe to retail cloth or iter-lie, shall put to fale in grofs, oi* by retail, to any manner of perfon, any manner of doth which shall be made after the said feaft, being drefled, dyed and prefled, as is aforesaid, except there be fixed thereunto at every end of the fame doth, the foal of such city, borough or town corporate, where the fame doth shall be fo dyed, drefled and prefled, or the feveral feal of every’ such city, borough or town corporate, where it shall be dyed,

, drefled, or prefled to remain at the last end of every of the said doth which shall be fold, during and by all the time that any piece or remnant of such doth is to be fold, upon pain of forfeiture of the whole value of such whole doth.

The forfeiture ' XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every mayor, bailiff, •f the chief or other head officer, of any city, borough or town corporate, dty^borough, which any such doth or clothes after the said feaft shall be &c. for not * made, dyed, drefled, or prefled with the cold prefs, as is afore-appoinring faid, which doth not or (nail not after the said feaft of SuA/irAarZ, k*rclier*-	nominate and appoint from time to time fo many fearchers as (hall

be requifite, to view and fearch dothes upon their oaths, as is aforesaid, shall lofe and forfeit for every default, ten pound.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the laid te afearafer? *sarc*iers fo t0 b* appointed by the mayor, being a freeman of the laid city, or by the mayor, bailiff or other Head Officer of any-city, borough or town corporate, as is aforesaid, having no reafonable excufe, -do refufe to take upon him to be a fearcher, and do not ufe the office of a fearcher as is aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every such refufal, and not executing of his office fo to him appointed, five pound the one half thereof to be to the King our fovereign loro, and the other half to the ufe of the commonalty of every city, borough or town corporate where he shall be fo affigned, and to remain in ward till such time as he hath made payment of the said forfeiture, or other-Vrife put in fufficient bonds for the fatisfadtion of the fame.

No coloured XLVI. Andforafmuch as tbert be now in this time many falft and doth shall be deetwaU* colours made in divers places of this	, whereby many

Ph'frhm bUt af K*n&'s l^ing fubjtits are deceived: be it toadied. That from and after the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, no person or persons shall put to fale by retail within this realm, any cloth or clothes which shall be made after the (aid feaft, of any other colour or colours than is hereafter exprefled; that is to fay, fcarlet, red, crimfon, murry, violet, puke, brown-blue, blacks, greens, yellows, blues, orange-tauny, ruflet, marble-gray, faa new Colour, a£Ure, watchet, fheeps-colour, lion-colour, motly or iron-gray; (2) upon pain that every person offending to the contrary shall lofe and forfeit the value of the cloth fold by retail, which shall be of any other colour.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or perfon?

thefe here named. Repealed by %j Jac. i.,c. %%. f. uf

Pre fling of cloth.

  Google

i552‘] Anno quinto& facto Edw.VL c	365

fons, after the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel shall preft any kind of doth with the hot prefs, or in any other kind of deceivable manner, but only with the cold prefs, as is above fpedfied, upon pain of forfeiture of the whole cloth fo prefled contrary to the meaning of this ftatute, or the value thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded, That if any person or Coimterfeit-perfons but such as are appointed, afligned and permitted by ing, fttting to, this ad, do at any time after the said feaft counterfeit, fet to ortakingaway or take away from, any of the dothcs, kerfies, frizes, rugs or cottons aforelaid, any of the feals fo to be fixed as is above recited ; that then every person fo offending shall for the first offence (being thereof duly convided by verdid of xii. men, by two fufiicient witneffes, or by confemon of the party) forfeit. and lofe x. li. and for the fecond offence (being likewife thereof convided) shall fit on the pillory, and lofe and forfeit to our fovereign lord the King all such his goods and chattels (his debts being duly and truly paid without fraud or covin) as he had or mail have at the time of his convidion.

XLIX. And be it further enaded. That if between the first A clothier day of May next coming and the feaft of St. Michael the arch- ■** g'** angel then next coming, any person or persons which now doth ^akine of life the art or myftery of draping or cloth-making, shall give doth without over draping or cloth-making, except he be licenced fo to do by licence, three justices of peace at the leaft, of the city, county, borough or town corporate where he dwelleth, upon fome reafonable caufe (hewed unto the said juftices, shall never after take upon -him to make or caufe to be made any kind of cloth or kerfey to fell the fame again, upon pain of forfeiture of every such cloth or kerfey that he shall 10 fell.

L. And be it further enaded, That all and every article, A repeal of daufe or fentence in any ad of parliament heretofore made, fatutettou^ concerning making, dying, drelfing, prefling, fearching or feal- ;„g the ma-. ing of any of the kinds of clothes, broad or narrow, white or co- king, dying loured, kerfies, frizes, rugs or cottons, heretofore in this ad a*11* ®reffing, mentioned, and being repugnant or contrariant to any article or rc'ot fentence in this ftatute, shall from the feaft of St. Michael the -archangel next be utterly void and of none effed. (2) And to the intent that all such clothes as shall be made within this realm, or any other the Icing’s dominions, after the said feaft, shall be the better known from the other clothes made before the fame time:

LI. Be it therefore enaded by the authority afbrefaid. That A mean to from and after the said feaft the letter E. crowned shall not be difcover faulty wrought into the cloth for and by the fpace of two years then Jj™ next enfuing, upon pain of forfeiture-of xx. $. for every cloth or crowned, kerfie wherein the said letter E shall be fo wrought; (2) the 3 *4 Ed. s.

■ moiety of all which forfeitures and of all other forfeitures before «••• exprefled, and not otherwife appointed by this present ad, shall £j[jj® the Vor-be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to him futures, and or them that will fue for the fame by adion of debt, detinue, by what bill, plaint or information in any of the King’s courts of record, means.

wherein

  LjOOQle



Taveftock

clothes.

No boiling of wools.

Savil 131.

Wools. Savil is.

Anno, quinto & ferto Eow.VI. cs^-9. f 1551.

wberdh'ftO wager of law, effbin or proteftion ihall be admitted por allowed for the defendant.

LII. Provided always, That this aft, nor any thing therein, poptained, ihall not in any wife extend to any cloth or clothes made in the town of Taveftock in the county of Devmjhire, or dfewbere within the said county, commonly called Taveftock clothes, but that iPihall he lawful to all and every inhabitants of (he (aid town, or makers orthe laid clothes commonly called laveftockt, to make and fed the feme with the accuftomed feal, as they have heretofore been accuftomed; any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

LIII. Provided aUb, and be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That it ihall not be lawful to any person or persons, aft any time after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, to boil or caufe to be boiled any kind of wools, to be converted mto any kind of broad-doth or keriie, with any kind of gauis, rinds, barks of frees or few-duft, upon pain to forfeit aU such wool, or the value thereof, to be recovered and had in such form and fort as in the aforesaid aft is limited and exprefled. ro Anna c. 16.

cap. vn.

What persons may buy and fell wool, and who not, and at what times. Rep. 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. 18 Ed. 3. c* 3. 4 Ed. 4. x. 4. 4 H. 7. c. 11. 37 H. 8. c. 15. 1 Ed. 6. c. 6. 2 & 3 P. M. c. 13.

cap. vm.

An aft Smiting what persons shall weave or make broad woolen doth. Repealed by 1 Ma.feff. 3. c. j.a*d2& $Ph. &M. c. 11.

CAP. IX.

An aH for the taking annoy of the benefit of the clergy frop$ certain offenders.

Noperfonrob- TX7HERE at the parliament holden at Weftminfter by proroguing any V V tion the twenty-third year of the reign of the late King offa* AaU have the mm	King Henry the Eighth, it was among other things

benefit of his then and there enabled, eftablijhed and ordained by authority of the clergy. fame parliament, That no person or persons, which after that time *3 H. 8. c. 1. Jbould happen to be found guilty, after the laws of tins realm, for ke? n 6C *68 ***** manner petty treafon, or for any wilful murder of malice frepm-*9.yn? 7* 'fed* or for robbing of any churches, chapels or other holy places, or 31 H. 8. c. 3. for robbing of any person or persons in their dwelling-houjes or dweU ling-places, the owner or dweller in the fame hcttje, ins wife, bis children or fervants then being within, and put in fear or dread by the fame, or for robbing of any person or persons in or near about the highways, or for wilful burning of any dwelling-boujes or bams wherein any grain or com Jbould happen to be, nor any person or persons being found guilty of any abetment, procurement, matntatnihg ter concealing if any or to any such petty treafon, murders or felonies, Jbould from themforth be admitted to the benefit f his or their clergy, but utterly to be excluded thereof, and fuffer deqth in such man-jut and form as they Jbould have done for any the caujes or offences etbavefaid, if they were no clerks 3 fucb as be within holy orders, that

is

  v^ooQle

1552.] Anno quinto &'fcxto Edw. VI. c.gl	367

is to fay, of the orders of fubdeacon, or abope, nil **b exUptei, as by the fame aft among other things more plainly appeareth; (2) which aft was made to endure until the lajl day of the pent parliament; and after that^ at the feffon of the parliament holden at Weftmi after by prorogation in the thirty fecond year of the reign of the find late King, fhe tame aft with other afts was made to continue for ever.

II.	Sithen the making of which flatute it hath been doubled, that Three federal iffuch robberies and felonies have been committed and done in dwet- doubts and ling-houfes and dwelling-places, the owner or dweller in the fame 3)5

boufe, his wife, bis children or fervants, being then put in fear or ftat# 0^23 Hf 8. dread by the fame, Jhall not lofe the benefit of their clergy, ifthe of- c. 1. fenders therein be found guilty by the law of this realm, unlefs the fame robbery or felony be committed and done in the very chamber, boufe or thee where the owner or dweller in the fame boufe, bis wife, children or fervants Jhall happen to be or lie at the time of such robbery and felony committed and done, and put in fear and dread, although thq owner and dweller in such boufe and houfes, Ins wife, his children or fervants, at the time of such robbery and felony committed and done, were or lay in other places within the prednft of the fame dweUing-houfes, nigh unto the houfe or place where Juch robbery and felony jhall happen to be done > (2) or if it happen that the owner or dweller within the fame boufe where Judo robbery and felony Jhall happen to be done, hit wife, children or fervants to be a-Jleep at the time of such robbery and felony committed and done, although the fame robbery were done in ^the chamber or place where the owner or dweller in the fame houfe, his wife, children or fervants then by , the offenders being found gtuky thereof according to the laws of the bnd, Jbould not lofe the benefit and advantage cf their clergy.

III.	And where also it hath been in quefiion and doubted, that if p0ph. 84. such robberies and felonies happen to be committed and done in any Br. Coroiw booth or booths, tent or tents in any fair or market, the owner of the ,6°* fame, his wife, children or fervants happening to be within the fame

ett the time of the committmg of such felonies, and put in fear and dread, the offenders therein being found guilty after the lams of this realm, Jbould not lofe the benefit of their clergy.

IV.	For the true declaration and explanation of the fame doubts or queftions before recited, be it ena&ed, ordained and eftabliihed by the King our fovereign lord, the lords fpi ritual and temporal, and tire commons, in this present parliament af-fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if it happen Burglary; the any person or persons to be found guilty according to the laws £^ncr?&c-of this realm, for robbing of any person or persons after the first part of^ day of May next enfuing, in any part or parcel of their dwel- x^e hoUfc or ling-houfes or dwelling-places, the owner or dweller in tbeafteep. fame houfe, or his wife, his children or fervants, being then 4^0.40. within the fame houfe or place where it shall happen the fame

robbery and felony to be committed and done, or in any other place within the precind of the fame houfe or dwelling-place; that such offenders shall in np wife be admitted to their clergy, whether the owner or dweller in the fame houfe, his wife or children then and there being, (kaU be waking or deeping*

a	V.	And	,

  v^ooQle

r3<®	Anfto	quinto	&	fexto	Edw.VI.	c.ro.	[155?.

Burglary in a V. And that no person or persons which after the said fifft tent or booth day of May shall happen to be found guilty, after the laws of market, ** x^s rca*m’ aiK* r°bbing any person or persons in any booth or tent, in any fair or market, the owner, his . wife, his children or fervants, or fervant, then being within the fame booth or tent, shall not from henceforth be admitted to the benefit of his or their clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and fuffer death in such manner and form as is before mentioned in %% H. 8. c. i. the said a<ft made in the said xxiij. year of the reign of the fame late King, for robberies and felonies committed and done in dwelling-houfes and dwelling-places, the owner or dweller in the fame, his wife, children or fervants then being within the feme, and put in fear and dread, without having any refpe<5t or consideration whether the owner or dweller in such booths and tents, his wife, children or fervants, being in the fame booths or tents at the time of such robberies and felonies committed, shall be (leeping or waking.

CAP. X.

An act for the avoiding of clergy from divers persons.

Such as rob in "1X7 HERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter upon prorogue (hire, and V V gation the fifteenth day of January in the twenty-fifth year of ,nJ° an°" the reign of our late Jovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, it is re-have their*0* ctte^% at P^H^tnent holden at Weftminfter in the twenty-clergy.	third year of the reign of the said late King, amdngfi other things it

S5H.8. c. 3. was ordained, eJlabUJbea and enafted, That no person or persons, which %% H. 8. c. x. after that time Jbould happen to he found guilty, after the laws of this land, of any manner of petty treafon, or for any wilful murder of malice prepenfed, or for robbing of any churches, chapels or other holy places, orfor robbing of any person or persons in their dwelling-houfes or dwelling-place, the owner or dweller in the fame houfe9 bis wife, bis children or fervants then being within9 ana put in fear and dread by the fame9 or for .tabbing of arty person or persons in or near about the highways, or for wilful burning of any dwelling-houfes or bams wherein any grains of corn Jhould happen to be9 nor any person or persons being found guilty of any abetment, procurement, helping, maintaining or concealing of or to any such petty treafon9 murders or felomes9 Jhould from thenceforth be admitted to the bentfit of his or their clergy, but Jhould utterly be excluded thereof and fuffer death in such manner and form as they Jhould have done for any the caufes or offences abevefaid^ if they were no clerks ; (2) which aft extendeth but only where fitch offender was convifted in such county or place where any such offence was fo committed and done9 and not where he of they dtd such offence in one county9 and were taken with the mainer in another county: f 3) wherefore it wasconftdered9 That forafmuch as divers and many felons and robbers that commit and do divers and many great heinous robberies and burglaries in one Jbire9 and convey the fpoil and robbery into any other Jhire9 and there be taken, indifted and arraigned of felony, of the felonious fiealing of the fame goods in the fame other Jhire than where the fame robberies or burglaries were done and committed9 and not of the fame robbery nor burglary 9 for that it was not done or committed

  Google

I552*J Anno.qulftto & l«to E»w.VL d.io.	$€$

nutted in the fame Jhire where they be fo indibfed and arraigned.\ and that by reafon thereoffuchfelons, robbers and burglar or s had and enjoyed the privilege and advantage of their clergy ;

II.	For redrefs whereof, it was  enacted in the said parliament hodden in the said xxv. year of the said late King, That if any person or persons after that time, after such robbery or burglary, by him or them done in any one county, (hould be indided of felony for dealing of any goods or chattels in any other county within this realm, and thereupon arraigned and found guilty, or Hand mute of malice, or challenge peremptorily above the num~ ber of xx, persons, or would not upon his or their said arraignment diredly anfwer to the fame felony, that then the fame person and persons fo arraigned and found guilty, or (landing mute of malice, or challenging peremptorily above the number of twenty persons, or that would not dirediy anfwer to the law*

Ihould lofe and be put from the benefit of his or their clergy, in like manner and form as they Ihould have been if they had been indi&ed, arraigned and found guilty in the fame county where such robbery or burglary as is aforesaid, was done or committed, if it (hould appear to the justices before whom any fitch felons or robbers (hould be arraigned by evidence given before them, or by examination, that the fame felons and burg-larors (hould have been put from their clergy, in cafe they had been indidted, arraigned and found guilty, in the fame county where.the fame robberies or burglaries were committed or done, as in the fame (latute made in the (aid xxv. year, among other things, more plainly appeareth.

III.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter thk iv. wherein the day ^November in the firfi year of the reign of our fovereign lord fiat, made the King that now is, it ts Ordained and enabled amongfi other things, * f;c* **« That no person or persons that before that time had been or at any time tj>c after Jhould be in due form of the laws attainted or convibl of murder 0f the ftat. of of malice prepenfed, or of poifoning of malice prepenfedy (2) or of*$ H. s. c. 3. breaking of any houfe by day or by nighty any person being then in the

fame houje where the fame breaking had been or after that time J.hould Ip committedy being put in fear or dread \ or of or for robbing of a-ny person or persons in the highway, or near to the highway, or for felonious feeding ofhorJesy geldings or mares; (4) or offelonious taking of any goods out of any parijh churchy or other church or chapel;

(5)	or being indicted or appealed of any of the fame offence s9 and there-* upon found guilty by verditl of xij. men9 or /hould confefs the fame upon his or their arraignment, or would not anfiver direftly according to the laws of this realm9 or /hould Jland wilfully or of malice muU9^

(6)	/hould not be admitted to have or enjoy the privilege or benefit of his or their clergy or fanftuary, but Jhould be put from the fame.

IV.	And that in all other cafes of felony 9 other than such as be be-	(

fore mentioned, all and fingular person and persons which after the

firfi day of Mfarch then next following J.hould be arraignedy or found* guilty upon his or their arraignment, or Jhould, confefs the fameT or fiand mate in form afprefaidy or would not anfwer direblly in form a-bpvefaidy Jhould have and enjoy the privilege and benefit of his or their VoX. V.	B b clergy9

  Google

370	Anno quinto & fexto EdW.VL c.ij. £1552*

tkrgy> tmd the liberty and privilege of fanftmry, in Hie manner ami form as be or they might or Jhould have done before the xxiv. day of April in the firjl year of the reign of the /aid late King Henry the. Eighth, as in the said aft made in the fold firjl year, among other things, more plainly appeareth: (a) by reef on of which article and claufe contained in the said aft made in the find firjl year, the find statute made in the said xxv. year of the said late King, which did put such felons and burglarors from their clergy, that do fiub offence in one county, and after are taken with the goods ftolen in another county, and there indifted, arraigned and found guilty, was made void: by reafon whereof divers and many ptrfons, that Jithen the food firjl year have committed such robberies and burglaries in one county, end after have been taken with the meaner in another county, and there indifted* arraigned and found guilty, have had and enjoyed their clergy* which they could not have had in cafe the find aft made in the said xxv. year bad flood in force, to the great bolding and comfort of Thefet. of flub offenders: (3) for redref9 whereof from henceforth to be had, 25 H. 8. c. 3. be it enaded by the authority of this present parliament, That fliall ftand m the said ad made in the laid xxv. year touching the putting of fending a1 foe*1 offenders from their clergy, and every article, claufe or fen-# claufe com-	tence contained in the fame touching clergy, shall from hence*

prifed in the forth touching such offences from henceforth to be committed flat, of 1 Ed. 6. and done, ftand, remain and be in full ftrength and virtue, in Ct 1U	ftich manner and form as it did before the making of the faid

ad made in the laid first year of the reign of our laid foverciga ford the King that now is 3 any claufe, article or (entente com-prifed in the said ad made in the said first year, to the con* trary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XL

An act for the pumjhment of div&s hinds of treasons.

1 Mar. fiat. j. TT>Orafmuch as it ismoflneceffaiybotbfor common policy and duty of ‘ *'	X1 fubjefts above all things to prohibit, rejlrainand extinft altntnnnerof

Jhamefuljlanders which might grow, happen or arise to their fovereign lord the King's majejly, which when they be heard, feen or underflandei, cannot be but odibfe, and also abhorred of all thofie forts that be true and loving fubjefts, if in any point they may^ do or Jhall touch his Ma-. jefly, upon whom dependeth the whole unity and univerfal weal of this realm, without providing wherefore too great a [cope of unreafonaMe liberty Jhould be given to all cankered and traiterous heart j, and the King's loving fubjefts Jhould not declare unto their fovereign lord now? being j which unto them hath been and is mo ft entirely both beloved and efleemed, their undoubted Jinccrity atid truth;

II.	Beit therefore enaded by the aflent and coftfentef our fovereign lord the King, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, *nd the commons, of this present parliament aflembled, and by fhfc authority of the fame. That if any person or persons after the firlbday of June next coming, by open preaching, exprefs t words or fayings," do exprefly, diredly arid advifedly fet forth

and

  Google

*55*'! Anno quinto & fcxtoEpw.VI. c.ii.	37*

and affirm, that the King that now is, is an heretick, fchifma-tick, tyrant, infidel orufurper of the crown, or that any his heirs or fucceflors to whom the crown of this realm is limited by authority of parliament, holden in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Htnry the Eighth, being in lawful poflcffioo of the crown, is an heretick, fchifmatick, tyrant, infidel or ufurper of the crown, that then every such offender be* ing thereof duly convicted or attainted by the laws of this realm, their abettors, procurers and counfellors, and all and every their aiders and comforters, knowing the laid offences or any or them to be done, for his or their such first offence, shall lofe and forfeit to the King all his and their goods and chattels, and alfo	,

fhall have and fuffer imprifbnment of his and their bodies at the King’s will and pleafure. And if any person being once convicted or attainted of any of the laid offences, shall after his laid conviction or attainder eftfoons commit or perpetrate any of the offences before mentioned, in form aforesaid committed, and shall be thereof duly convicted or attainted by the laws of this realm, that then every such offender and offenders, their abettors, procurers and counfellors, and all and every their aiders and comforters, knowing the laid offences or any of them to be done, for his or their lecond offence or offences, shall lofe and forfeit to the King the whole ifiues and profits of all his and their lands, tenements and other hereditaments, benefices, prehands and other fpiritual promotions for term of the life of such offender or offenders, and shall also lofe and forfeit unto the King all his and their goods apd chattels, and also fuffer during his and their lives, perpetual imprifbnment of his and their bodies.

HI. Provided always, that such of the said fpiritual promotions as shall be charged with cure, be always by the King’s majeffy and his heirs and fucceflors, fufficiently fumifhed of a curate for the difcharge of the fame. And if any person being two times hereafter convicted or attainted of any of the fame offences in form aforesaid committed, shall after his fecond conviction or attainder, eftfoons commit or perpetrate again any of the said offences in form aforesaid, and be thereof duly convicted or attainted by the laws and statutes of this realm, that then every such third offence or offences shall be deemed and adjudged high treafbn,and the offender or offenders therein, their abettors,, Mar. fiat. £ procurers and counfellors, and all and every their aiders andc. i. comforters knowing the said offences or any of them to be done, being thereof convicted or attainted according to the laws and flatutes of this realm, shall be adjudged and deemed high traitors, and shall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all their

right, to the King as in cafes of high treafon.

IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons at any time after the laid first day of Junt

fibi	next

  LiOOQle

27*	AilnO quinto & feito E&W.VL C.ii*	[1552;

next coming, by writing, printing, painting, carving or graving, do diredly, exprefly and advifedly publiih, fet forth and affirm, that die King that now is, or any his heirs or fucceflors limited as is aforesaid, is an heretick, fchifmatick, tyrant, infidel or lifurper of the crown, that then every such offence and offences shall be deemed and adjudged high treafon, and the offender and offenders, their abettors, procurers and counfellors, and all ' and every their aiders and comforters, knowing the said offences or any of them to be done, being thereof convi&ed or attainted according to the laws and fiatutes of this realm, shall be deemed and adjudged high traitors and shall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all their goods and chattels, lands and tenements to the King, as in cafes of high treafon.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That if any person or persons after the laid first day of June next coming, rebellioufly do detain, keep or with-hold from our (aid fovefeign lord, his said heirs and fucceffors, any of his or their caftles, fortrefles, fortilefles or holds within this realm, or in any other the King’s dominions or marches, or rebellioufly keep, detain or with-hold from the said King’s highness, his said heirs or fucceflors, any of his or their (hips, ordnances, artillery or other munitions or fortifications of war, and do not obediently render and give up to our said fovereign lord, his said heirs or iucceflors, or to such persons as shall be deputed by them or any of them, such caftles, fortrefles, fortilefles, holds, (hips, ordnances, artillery or other munitions and fortifications of war, rebellioufly kept and detained, within fix days next after they ftiall be commanded by our (aid fovereign lord, his laid heirs or fucceflors, by open proclamation under the great feal, the fame proclamation to be made in such place and order,' fo as the party and parties to be charged by this a<ft may conveniently have notice or knowledge thereof: That then every such person or persons fo offending in any of the premifles after the said first day of June> their abettors, procurers and counfellors, and all and every their aiders and comforters, knowing the said offences or any of them to be done, being lawfully convicted of the re*

(	bellioufly keeping and detaining thereof, according to the laws

and statutes of this realm, shall be adjudged traitors, and shall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all their goods and # :	Chattels, lands and tenements unto the King, as in cafes of high

freafon-r

Before whom VI. And over that be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, treafona com- That if any of the King’s fubje&s, denizens or other, do com-tbe Mini1 ^ or	<Hlt	of the limits of this realm in any outward

fhall be tried. Parts, any of the offences which by this a<ft are made, or hereto-3t*t. 26 H. 8. fore now (landing in force have been made treafon, That then c. n.	fuch treafons, whatfoever they be, or wherefoever they (hould

35	*•	c*	a*	happen fo to be done or committed, shall be enquired and pro-

faned by the oaths of xii. good and lawful men, upon good and probable evidence and wrtnefs, in such (hire and county pf this

realm.

  v^ooQle

x552-3 Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c. i i, *

realm, and before such persons, as it lhall please the King, his said t heirs or fucceflors, to appoint by commi/fion under his great feal, in like manner and form as trealons committed within this realtfv have been ufed to be enquired of and prefented: (2) and that upon every indictment and prefentment founden and"made of .fuch treafons, and certified in the King’s bench, like procefs and other circumftance shall be there made and had againft .the offenders, as if the fame treafon fo prefented had been lawfully found to be done and committed within the limits of this realm.

VII.	And that all procefs of outlawry hereafter to be had Procefs ofout-

and made within this realm, againft any offenders in treafon ^rY ^’ard-'being refiant or inhabitant out of the limits of this realm, or	J*maa

in any the parts beyond the fea, at the time of the outlawry treafon, being pronounced againft them, shall be as good and effectual in the out of the law to all intents and purposes, as if any such offenders had realm, been refident and dwelling within this realm at the time of such 26 ' 8m c* ,3‘ procefs awarded and outlawry pronounced.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority The party

aforefaid, That if the party fo hereafter to be outlawed, shall outlawed within one year next after the said outlawry pronounced or °etfeth judgment given upon the said outlawry, yield himfelf unto the himfeif to the chief juftice of England for the time being, and offer to traverfe chief judice the indictment or appeal whereupon the said outlawry shall be °* England, pronounced 3s is aforesaid, That then he shall be received to 3	216*

the said traverfe, and being thereupon found not guilty by the j}yer 117/289, verdiCt of xij. men, he shall be clearly acquitted and difeharged 331.	9	9

of the said outlawry, and of all penalties and forfeitures by reafon Kex Arm-of the fame, in as large and ample manner and form as though xrin^Carf* no such outlawry had been made; any thing herein contained ^^Halc's fo the contrary ip any wife potwithftanding.	H.P. C. 29*.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Forfeiture by

That every offender or offenders being hereafter lawfully con- attainder of vidt of any manner of high treafon, by prefentment, confeflion,	e

yerdiCt or procefs of outlawry, according to the due courfe and Slft CCr custom of the laws of this realm, shall lofe and forfeit to the * Mod. 133, King’s highness, his heirs and fucceflors aforesaid, all such * Roll. 325, lands, tenements and hereditaments which any such offender H1*

or offenders shall have of any eftate of inheritance in his own right, in ufe or poffefiion, within this realm of England, or elfewhere within any of the King’s dominions, at the time of any such tteafons committed, or at any time after.

. X. And it is further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That Within what no person or persons shall in any wife be impeached for any of ftme the offences abovefaid, committed only by open preaching or words, unlefs the offender or offenders be thereof accufed ^ acculed. within three months next after the fame open preaching and words, and that the fame accufation or accufations be had, made and declared to one of the King’s council, or to one of the King’s justices of affife, or el lb to one of the-King’s justices of the peace, being of the quorum, or to two justices of the

B b 3	peace

/

fon is mif-prifion of treafon.

374	Anfto	quinto	& fexto Edw. VI. c. 12.

peace within the (hire where the fame offence or offences shall happen to be done or committed ; any thing contained in fchi* aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding. Concealment XI. Provided also, and be it declared and enafted by the au-of high trea- thority aforesaid, That concealment or keeping fecret ot any hi^h

l of treafon, and the

treafon, be deemed and taken only

offender therein to forfeit and luffer as in cafes of mifprifion of treafon, as heretofore hath been ufed; any thing above* mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

No person (hall	XII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority

°f aforesaid. That no person or persons, after the first day of upon the tefti- next coming, shall be indifted, arraigned, condemned, mony of two convifted or attainted for any of the treafons or offences afbre-lawful ac- faid, or for any other treafons that now be, or hereafter shall be, which shall hereafter be perpetrated, committed or done, f. a*.	’,2' tinlefs the fame offender or offenders be thereof accufed by two

1 & aPh. ScM. lawful accufers; (2) which said accufers at the time ot the c. 10.	arraignment of the party accufed, if they be then living, (hall

Br. Coron. be brought in person before the party fo accufed, and avow and Bexvilaleigh, roaintain that that they have to fay againft the said party, to » Jac. 1. apud prove him guilty ofthe treafons or offences contained in the bill of Winton. indiftment laid againft the party arraigned ; unlefs the said party The right of arraigned shall willingly without violence confefs the lame: ptnersiaved. faying to every person and persons, their heirs and fuc-ceffors, other than the offenders and their heirs* and such person and persons as claim to any their ufes, all such rights, titles, intereft, pofleffions, leafes, rents, reverfions, offices and other profits, which they or any of them shall have at the day of committing such treafons, or at any time after, in as large and ample manner as if this aft had never been had not made. The wife shall XHJ. Provided also, and be it enabled by the authority ^ hctrhd°hW?'	That	the	wife	or	wives	whofe	hufband	or	hu(bands

bandja at* U ~ hereafter shall be attainted of treafons fpecified in this aft, or tainted of of any other treafons whatfoever they be, shall in no wife be high treafon. received to afk, challenge, demand or have dower of any the It^nf61° ,2* ^anc^s’ tenements or hereditaments of any the person or persons J9 ,p ,cor* to be attainted of treafon as is aforesaid, during the said attainder in his force ; any thing before mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

, jfn act touching the declaration of a Jlatute made for the marriage of priejlsy and for the legitimation of their children. The marriage A LBEIT that at the feffion of this parliament holden by pro* ot£r^iritual rogation at Weftminfter the fourth day of November in the persons shall fecondyear of the reign of the King's majejly that now isy it was or-be adjudged dained and enabled by the authority of the fame parliament, That all and every law and laws pofitive, canons, conjlitutions and ordinances £ x\	before that made by the authority of man only, which then did proh/-

bit and forbid marriage to any eccufiajlical and fpiritual person or per-fonSy of what e/late, condition, or degree they then wtfe> or by

vyhat

  L^ooQle

375

155*0 Anno qubito 8 tfc«o EoW.VI. c.12.

what name er fumes foever they then mere tailed., which by Gets 4am might lawfully marry, and all and every article, and fmttnee concerning only the prohibition for the marriage of aforesaid, Jhtuld he utterly void and of- bone ejfefi (2) and that tail turner of forfeitures, pains, penalties, crimes or actions, which mere in the Jatd laws contained, or of the fame didfollow, concerning the prohibition for the marriage of the persons aforesaid,

4* dearly and utterly void, fruftrate and of tune effed, to aU intents, eon/trutiions and purptfes, as well concerning marriage afore that Time made by any cf the tcclefiajlical or fp persons aforesaid, at also such which thereafter	Jbould be duly and Unvfuuy had, celebrated

-and made betwixt the persons which by the laws of God might lawfully marry: (3) yetfinte the making of thefaid ad, divers evil dif-pofed persons perverfiy taking occafion of certain words and Jin fences in the fame ad comprifei, have and do untruly and very flandtroujly report ofpriefs matrimony,faying that the	is	but a per-

jnijfum of priefts matrimony, as ufury and other unlawful things he now	permitted,for the ef chewing of greater inconvenience and

evils, fo that thereby the lawful matrimony	in	the	opinion

ef many, and the children procreate and horn in lawful matrimony rather be of a greeter number of the‘King's	accounted

as	bajlards,than lawfully bom, to the great finder, peril and dif-

herifon of such children: (4) which untrue fianderous reproach of holy matrimony doth not only redound to Iht high dijbonour of Almighty God, but also to the King’s majefy's dijbonour, and bis high court of parliament, end the learned clergy of this realm, who have determined the fame to be moft lawful by the law of God in their

convocation, as well by their common. ajas by the fubfettption

of their hands: ([5) and that moft of all is to be lamented, through Juch uncomly railings of matrimony and Jlanderous reproaches of the clergy, the word of God is not heard with reverence, folltwed with diligence, the godly proceedings of the King’s not received with due obedience, and thereby the wealthy men of this realm difeouraged to nourijb and bring up their children in learning, fo as it is to be feared, left in place of good learning and knowledge Jball creep in ignorance, and for learned men, unlearned ambitious men and Jlatterers, to the ■great difpleafure of Almighty God, and to the peril of the whole ft alt of God’s true religion within this realm, if fpetdy remedy be not provided herein	:

II. Therefore it is enadbed by the King our fovereign lord, prielts chit-with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- dren shall be mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-‘ thority of the fame parliament. That the matrimony of all and ^e;r' auceftors every prieft and other eccleftaftical and fpiritual person and lands. . persons heretofore had, celebrated and made, and the matrimony of every prieft and other eccleftaftical and fpiritual perfon, which shall hereafter duly be had, celebrated and made,

(hall be adjudged, deemed and taken for true, juft and lawful matrimony, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes ; (2) and that all and every children and child bom in any such matrimony, ihall be deemed, judged, reputed and taken to all

B b 4	intents,	'

 

Google

37(5	. Anno quSnto & fexto EdW.VI. c.13.	[155**	'

intents, conftryftions and purposes, to be bom in lawftil matrimony/and to be legitimate and inheritable to lands, tenements and other hereditaments, from and by any of their 1 fathers, mothers and other anceftors, in like manner and form, I jto all intents, conftfuftioiis and purposes, as any other children i born in lawful matrimony betwixt any of the King’s lay-fub-Priefts shall be jefts be inheritable : (3) and that by the authority aforesaid, as tenant* by the well alland every prieft and other ecclefiaftical and fpiritual person theirw^es an<* Pcr^ons ^ shall be enabled to be tenants by the curtefy, endowable of	death	of	their wives, of such lands, tenements and other

their lands, hereditaments as their wives shall happen to be feifed of, of eftate in fee-finiple pr eftate in fee-tail general, during the fpoufals; (4) as also every wife of every such prieft and other ecclefiaftical per-foh, shall be enabled to claim, demand, have and enjoy dower of the lands, tenements and other hereditaments, whereof her hulband during the efyoufals between them was feifed, of eftate in fee-fimple or fee-tail general in his own right, in like manner and form* to all intents, conftruftions and purposes, as any other hulband or wife mayor might claim, demand, have or enjoy ; any law, ftatute, ordinance, canon, conftitu-tion, prefeription or cuftpm had, made, exercifed or ufed in Afking in the this realm, to the contrary ih any wife notwithstanding. church.	Ill,	Provided	alway.	That	this aft, nor any thing therein

contained, shall extend to give liberty to any person to marry Without aiking in the church, or without? the ceremonies ao* cording to the book of common prayer and adminiftration of the facraments, (2) nor shall make any such matrimony air ready, made, or hereafter to be made, good, which are pro-Divorce* hibited by the law of God for any other caufe. already made. IV. Provided alfo. That this aft, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to alter, change, revoke, repeal or otherwifetodifannul any decree, judgment or fentenceof divorce heretofore had or made, or to change or alter the pofleflion or inheritance of any lands or tenements already descended ; but that they and evenr of them shall remain, continue and be of such like force, effeft, ftrength and degree, to .all intents, con-ftruftions and purposes, as t^ey were before the making of this aft i this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. REP. 1 M* fijf* 2. r. 2. ar& wadeperpetml by I	X* el 25;/. 50.	*	'

CAP. XIII,

V H. 8. c. 6. An act for the declaration of an aft made in the xxxj. year of Palmer 383. King tiehry the Eighth, touching religious persons. Every religious person shall be inheritable to his anceftor only from the time of his deraignment. No religious person shall inherit by force of any former right grown before his dcraign-xnent.	.	-	............

CAP.

  ^.ooQle

4SS2 }	A®00	4^nto & fextd Edw.^I. c.14;	577

v CAP. XIV.

An off agairift regrators, foreftallers and tttgroffers.

v LBEIT dtbers good statutes heretofore have been mde again/} ' :	•

L forejlallers of merchandifes and visuals yet for that good lawt Who shall bej

114, is 1,

- „	~	^	who an ingrof-

a.foreflaUery regrator. or ingrojfer, the (aid Jiatutes have not taken fer $ and the 'good' ejfeft^ according to the minds of the makers thereof: (2) puniihmtntof Therefore be it enaffced and declared by the King our fovereign	'

lord, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the ’3% * ** cotnmons in this present parliament-aflembled, and by the au- * r." a. ft. 1. thority of the fame,' That whatfoever person or persons, that c. ». after the first day of May next coming shall buy or caufe to be Replied as to bought, any merchandife, victual or any other thing what-	-

foever, coming by land or by wapr toward any market or fair &c. Eli. to be fold in the fame, or coming toward any city, port, haven, c. 5. l ijl.. 3 creek , or road of this realm or Wales, from any parts beyond * “Jfo 3*7-the fea to be fold, (3) or make $ny bargain, contraft or prOpnife, pl 14g 1I3I# for the having oj buying of the fame or any part thereof lo \ inft.195.196. coming as is *aforefam, before the said merchandife, victuals nCo. 99. or other things, Hull be in the market, fair, city^ pdft, haven, 1 Roll. 11,194, creek or toad; ready-to be fold ; (4) or lhall make ahy motion J2r0ji,q%AOO, by word, letter, menage or otherwife, to.any-perfon*^ ojt per- stile 4*.* Tons, for the irihintipg of the price or dearer feJniig'pf - any Moor 595* khibg or thiri^$‘Jibov^mentioned, (5) or elfe diffwad^ mbYe;Or Pi^Xl®* ftir any person OT^rfon^ coming to the market orthd fair, to abftain or foVt^Sf to brink or convey any of the things above fe- 3l4‘

: hearfed, to JahyShsirktt, fair, city, port, haven, creek or road to a Leon. V9. 'be fold,; as l*s afprtfaid, (6} lhall be deemed, taken, and ad- Cojpberb, 3., judged a foreftalleiy ' * ,

‘ H. Further be it eqadted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That whatfoever perfoh or persons, that after the Taid first day of May lhall by any means regrate, obtain, or get . into his or their hands or pofferfion, in any fair or market, any Corn, wine,' filh, butter,1 cheefe, candles, tallow, Iheep, lambs, calves, fwine, pig^r, geefe, capons, hens, chickens, pigeons, conies, or other dead victual whatfoever, that lhall be brought lto any fair or market within this realm or Wales to be fold, and do fell the fame again in ahy fair or market holden or kept in the fame place, or in any other fair or market within four miles thereof, shall be accepted, reputed and taken for a regrator or regrators.

III.	And be it also enacted and declared by the authority Explained by atorefaid. That whatfoever person or persons, that after the *0^-1 -*•»». said first day of May lhall ingrofs or get into his or their hands, ^ by buying, contracting or promife-taking, other than by de- Bridging, 49. biifc, grant, or leafe of land or tithe, any com growing in the fields, or any other corn or grain, butter, cheefe, filh, or other dead victuals whatfoever, within the realm pf England, to the intent to fell the fame again, lhall be accepted, reputed and taken an unlawful ingrofler or ingroflers.

IV.	And

 

Google

TbepunUh-xnent of the offenders mforefaid for the first offence.

The punilh-jnent for the ftcondoffence.

The punifh-ment for the third Offence.

To what retailing or other a&s this statute doth not extend. Codbolt 144 pi. tfco. a Roll. 135.

Badger, &c. to he allowed bythetjuarter-fcffions, &c* by « Eliz.

6. ia.f.4.

Anno qiSnto & facto Etow.VL €.r^	[	l55**

IV.	And if any perfoti or petfons lhall at any time after the

faid first day of May offend in any of the things before incited, and being thereof duly cofiviCted and attainted by the laws, of this realm, or after the form hereafter mentioned* shall for his Or their first offence have or fuffer impriforunent for the fpace of two months without bail or mainprife, (a) and lhall also lofe and forfeit the value of the go6d$, cattle and victual fo by him or them bought or hid.	.	,

V.	And ifany person lawfully convi&ed or attainted of or for any of the offences abovefirid, be thereof eftfoons lawfully convicted or attainted, th^t then every person or persons fo offending shall have and fuffer for his or their said fecond offence^ im-prifonment by the fpace of one half year, without bail or main-prife, and shall lofe double the value of all the goods, cattle and victual fo by him bought or had, as is afotefaid.

VI.	And if any person oeing lawfully twice convicted or at-

tainted Q.f or for any of the said offences, lhall eftfoons offend the third time, ana be thereof lawfully convicted or attainted* that then every such pferfon for the said third offence lhall be fet on tiie pillory in the city, town or place, where he lhall then dwell and inhabit, and lofe and forfeit all the goods and cattle that he or they have to their owh ufe, and also be committed to brilon, there to remain during the King’s raajefty’s pleafure..	,	,

Vnl Provided alway, and it is enaCled and declared by die authority aforesaid. That the buying of any such barley, bigg or oats, as any person or persons (not foreftalling) lhall buy to convert into malt or oatmeal, in his, or their own houfc or houfes, and fo lhall be converted indeed, £2) or the buying of any such thing by any such filhmonger, batcher or poulterer, as concern his or their own faculty. Craft pr, myftery, {other-wife than by fpreftalling) which lhall fell the fame again upon reafonable prices by retail; (3) or the taking of any cattle, corn, grain, butter, cheefe,or any other tfiing above mentioned, referred without fraud or covin upon any leale for term of life or fives, year or years, heretofore made or hereafter to be made; (4) or the buying of any wine or other dead victual above mentioned, being apt and meet for man’s fuftenance, by hny innholder or other victualler, to fell the fame bv retail within his houfc, or to any of his neighbours for their fuftencnce, for reafonable prices; (5) or the buying of any dried or faked fi(h, herring or fprats (not foreftalled) and fold for reafonable prices; (6) or the buying of any com, fifli, butter or cheefe, by any such badger, lader, kidder pr carrier, as shall be affigned and allowed to that office or doing, by three justices of the peace of the county where the said badger, ladef, kidder or carrier lhall dwell, which lhall fell or deliver in open Fair or market, (7) or to any other victualler, or to any other person or persons for the provifion of his or their Jioufe or houfes, all such com, grain, butter and cheefe, as any such person lhall buy or caufe to be boilght, and that within one month next after he shall fo buy any such com, grain,

butter

  Google

379

1552J Arino quinto & fexto Edw. VI. C. 14.

tmtter or cheefif, fo that the fame shall be bought without fore-flailing f (8) or elfe that any common provifion made, or hereafter to be made, without any fraud or covin, by any person or per-Ions, of any of the things abovefaid, for any city, borough or town corporate, or for provifion of victualling or any (hip, caftle or fort ‘within the King’s dominions, without foreftalling, which shall be employed only to that ufe and purpose; (9) or the buying and providing of any of the victuals above mentioned, necef-la*y and retjuifite for the furniture and provifion of the inhabitants of Calais, Guifnes, and other the marches of the fame, t>r of the town of Berwick, Holy IJland, or the marches of England againft Scotland, which without fraud or covin shall be tranfported and conveyed as foon as wind and weather may ferve, to such of the places aforesaid for the which the fame shall be fo provided; (10) shall not be in any wife deemed^ adjudged or taken any offence contrary to this aft.

Vlft. And it is also further enafted by the authority afore- Changing of faid, That if ahy person or persons after the said first day of feed-corn. Mdy netft coming, having fufficient corn and grain for the pro- *Bro*mL i«s. yifion of his or their own houfe pr houfes, ana fowing of their

Sounds for one year, do buy any com in any fair or market, r the change of nis or their feed, and do not bring to the fame fair or market the fame day fo much corn as he shall fortune to buy for his feed, and fell the fame, if he can, as the price of corn then goeth in the said market or fair, That then every (uch person or persons fo buying com for feed, shall forfeit ana lofe the double value of the com fo bought.

IX.	Or if any person or persons after the said first day of No person May shall buy any manner of oxen, ronts, (leers, kine, heifers, may fell his Calves, (heep, lambs, goats or kids living, and fell the fame cattle withiin again alive, unlfcfs he or they do keep and feed the fame terhe bought by the fpace of five weeks in his or their own houfes, ground, them, ferm-grbund. or elfe in such ground or grounds where he or Carthew 465. they have the herbage of common of pafture by grant or x SaUc* 37»-prelcription. That then every person or persons fo buying and felling again, shall lofe the double value of the cattle or things fo bought and fold again : (2) the one moiety of all which forfeitures afore rehearfed shall be to the King, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, action of debt, or information ; in the which bill, plaint, action or information, no wager of law* efloin or protection shall be admitted.

X.	Be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The justices That the justices of the peace in every county within this realm of peace may or Wales, at their quarter-feflions, shall have full power and ^u(J^>rhe.ar Authority by virtue of this act to enquire, hear and determine offences^ *11 and every the defaults and offences perpetrated, committed aforesaid. or done, contrary to this aft, within the county where any such feflions shall be kept, by inquifition, prefentment, bill, or information before them exhibited, and by examination of two lawful witnefies, or by any of the fame ways or means,

by

  CjOOQle

3^0	Anno	quinto	&	fcxto EdwVI. c.14.	[1552.

by the difcretion of the faidv juftices, (2) and to make proceft thereupon, as though they were indicted before them by in-quifition, or by verdict of xij. men or more ; (3) and upon the conviftion of the offender by information or fuit of any other than the King, to make extracts of the one moiety of the forfeitures to be levied to the King’s ufe, as they ufe to do of other fines, ifiues and amerciaments grown in the feflions of peace, (4) and to award execution of the other moiety for the complainant or informer againft the offender, by fieri facias or capias, as the King’s j unices at Wejlminfter may do and ufe to do : (5) and if any such conviftion or attainder shall hereafter happen to be at the King’s fuit only, that then the whole forfeitures to be extracted and levied to the King’s ufe only.

But one pu- XI. And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid, nifhment for That whatfoever person shall at any time hereafter be punifh-©ne offence. ^ by virtue of this aft for any thing mentioned in this aft, that then the fame person shall not otherwife be vexed,' troubled, fued or put to any paiq or punifhment fi?r that .'filing wherefore he or they shall have been fo pujiifhejd.

Tranfporting XII. Provided always, and it is enafted by the authority corn, &c. from afprefgid, That it shall bp lawful to every person or persons 006 rht0 ^hich shall be affigned and allowed by three justices of the peace ficenceofthe the C0Pnty where he shall dwell thereunto, to buy (other-juitices. wife than by foreftaljing) com, grain or cattle to be transported or carried by water from any port or place within this realm or Wales, unto any other port or place within the faic} realm or dominions, if he or they shall without fraud or covin (hip .	or embark within threefcore *days next after he or they (hall

*rec°. hit Raft. bave b°ught the fame, or taken covenant or promife for the Pult. Kebk and buying thereof, and with such expedition and diligence as jHawkins have wind and weather will lerve, to carry and tranfport the fiime 1/, jorty days. tQ such port or piace as bis nr tfyeir pockets (ball declare, and there do difbark, unlade and fell jtfye fame, and do luring a true certificate thereof from one jultice qf the peace of {he county of, or mayor or bailiff* of the town corporate, whpre the fame shall be unladen, and also of the cpftomef of tne port • .where such unlading shall be, of the place ancj day where the said corn or cattle shall be dilharked, unladen and fold, to be directed unto the cuftomer and comptroller of the port where the fame were embarked ; any thing mentioned id thi§ aft to the contrary notwithstanding. tfvery man XIII. And over that, that at all t}mes hereafter, when wheat may engrofs shall be pommonly at the price of vj.s.viij. d. the quarter or corn being at undcr, (2) malt and barley at iij. s. jiijj. A. the quarter or under the e paces, oats or0ats pnalted, at the price of ij. s. tfye quarter or under,

(4)	peafe or beans at the price of iiij. s. the quarter or under, (5) and rye or mifteline at the price of v. s. the quarter or under $

(6)	(all which quarters shall be intended to be of London measure) (7) that then it shall be lawful to every person and persons (not foreftalling) to buy, engrofs and keep in his or theif 6	5	*	granaries

  Google

1552*] Anno quinto & fexto EdW.VI. c. r£.	58	c

granaries or houfes, such com of the kinds aforesaid, as without fraud or covin shall be bought at or under the prices afore expreffed; any thing in this adt to the contrary notwithdand-ing.

AlV. Provided always, and be it ena<$ed by the authority Within what aforesaid. That this adt, or any thing therein contained, ex-	'

tend not to charge any person or persons for any the offences be AicJ m above mentioned, unlefs he or they be fued for the fame within two years next after such offence done or committed.* This adt to endure until the end of the next parliament.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Regrating of aforesaid. That it shall be lawful to all and eveiy of the King’s majesty’s fubjedts now dwelling or inhabiting, or that hereafter 4 Mod. 10*. lhall dwell or inhabit, within one mile of the main fea, to buy

all manner of fifli, firelh or falted (not foreftalling the fame) and to fell the fame again at reafonable prices ; this adt or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XVI.	Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority Drovere of aforesaid. That it shall be lawful to all and every person ana

perfons, known for a common drover or drovers, bang licenced, buy and* authorized and allowed in writing by three justices of the peace, fell again, whereof one to be of the quorum* of the county or counties Drovers to be where the fame drover or drovers shall be mod abiding and flowed by^ dwelling, to buy cattle in any such (hires or counties where felons, by* drovers have been wont in times pad accudomably to buy cat- 5ei. c. 12.T.4. tie, at their free liberty and pleafure, and to (ell the fame as is aforesaid, at reasonable prices, in common fairs and markets didant from the place or places where he or they shall / buy the fame forty miles at the lead, fo that the fame cattle be not bought byway of foredalling; this adt or anything therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

XVII.	Provided always. That such licence of judices of the peace shall not endure above one year, unlefs the fame be yearly renewed by fo many judices as is aforesaid. Made perpetual by 13 £7. r. 25.

CAP. XV.

An ail againft regrators and ingroffers of tanned leather.

WHERE by the covetoufnefs of divers greedy persons, regrating By what per-and engrojjing all kinds of tanned leather into their hands, Tons and tor and felling the fame again at exceffive prices to fadlers, girdlets, cord- whatourpofes wainers and Jucb other artificers and handicraftsmen as make wares ^ay bebought of tanned leather, the King's loving fubjefts are inforced to buy the aiu{ cngroiled. Jaid wares at unreafimable prices \ (2) tor remedy and reforma- Cro.KL 530. tion whereof, be it enacted by the King our Sovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords lpiritual and temporal, and the commons in.this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fird day of May next coming, no person or persons, of what edate, degree or condition fbever he or they be, lhall buy or engrofs, or caufe to be

bought

  L^ooQle

382

Sadlers, may buy leather, &c*

Artificers may fell their

Anno quinto & facto EnW.VI. c. 15.’	\t55*.

bought or engrafted* any kind of tanned leather, to the intent In part repeal- to fell the fame again, (3) upon pain to forfeit the said leather ed by x M. lb bought or the juft price thereof $ the one moiety erf which feff. 3.C. 8. fit. forfeiture lhall be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to him or them that shall feilb or foe for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record by aftion of debt, bill,

!>laint, information or otherwife, wherein no wager of law, cf-bin, protection or injunction lhaU be admitted or allowed foe the defendant.

II. Provided always, and be it cnaCted by the authority afore* laid. That all fadlcrs, girdlcrs, cordwainers and all other artificers, such as make males, bougets, leather pots, tankards* barhides or any other wares of leather, shall or may buy all foch kind of tanned leather as is or lhall be neceflary for their occupying, to be wrought or made by them or by their fervants in or about their said wares; any thing before mentioned in this aft to the contrary notwithftanomg.

III. Provided alfo. That every girdler and other artificer before mentioned in this aft, may at his free will and pleafore wombs, ihreds fcQ their necks, wombs and (hreds of tanned leather, (fuch and necks. ^ t key or arly Gf them cannot occupy about the wares they ufe to make) to any person or persons, without incurring any forfeit, pain or penalty before expreflied in this aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enafted by the au* thority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful to or for every person or persons which now have or hereafter shall have the King’s majesty’s fpecial licence or licences to traniport, carry or con* vey over the fea- any kind of tanned leather, to buy for the furniture of their said licence or licences, in open fair or mar* ket, such and fo much tanned leather as he or they be or shall be licenced to tranfport, carry or convey: fo that the fame licence or licences be prefented and (hewed unto the chief officer or officers that now have or hereafter shall have the go* vemance of any city, town, fair or market where the laid leather or any part thereof shall be bought: (2) and fo that the said officer or officers feeing the fame licence to be good and perfect, do juflly and truly write upon the backfide of every such licence or licences, how much tanned leather he or they shall there have bought, and the certain day, time and place <rf buying the fame, that thereby it may manifeftly appear how and when any such licence or licences pe or shall be fatisfied; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

No person V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, fhaUtnuifport That after the said first day of May next coming, no person or flioes, boots, persons shall (hip or caufe to be (hipped (to the intefit to carry, tranfport or convey over the feas as merchandife to be fold or exchanged there) any (hoes, boots, bufleins, ftettups or flippers, (2) upon pain to forfeit all and every such (hoes, boots, bulkins, ftertups or flippers fo (hipped contrary to the true meaning of this aft, or the value of the fame; the one. moiety

of

Buying of fo much tanned leather as the

Ehath * to tranfport.

See.

By i3 & t4

Shoes, See. may be tranf-poctcd.

  Google

3*3

155*3 Ahno qifinto & fexto Euw.VI. c.i€. oi the said forfeiture to be to *be Xing our foverogo lord, and the other moiety to him or them that shall feife or foe for the time in any of thcKing’s raajefty’s courts of record* by aChou of debt* bill* plaint* information or otherwife, wherein no K wager of law, eflbtn, protection or injunction Hull be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That this act, ne any thing therein contained* than t/cata* Xnd not in any wife extend to be prejudicial or hurtful to any per- alfoby i Jac.t* fan or persons being the King's fobjoCtc, for tranfportang or c. ssTf. j>. carrying over the feas unto Calais or die marches of the fame,

and unto the IJU of Man, to much or as many of the afore-hid made wares (as boots* bulkins, ftertups and flippers heretofore recited) as shall be necefiary and convenient for the wearing and furniture of the King’s fubjeCts in them or any of them; any thing in this last aCt contained to the contrary hereof in any wile notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaCtcd by the . authority No cutter of aforesaid, That no (idler, girdlcr* cordwainer, nor other ar- leather in tificer, dwelling within the city of Loudon and the fiiburbs of ton<,0.n

the fame, which shall cut the Amo tanned leather as is afore- h^jfLlt ****** laid, to the intent to make wares thereof* (hail curry ordrels any of the aforesaid tanned leather in his or their own houfc or houies, or by his or their fervant or fervants, upon pain of forfeiture of all and every the said tanned leathor lb to be curried ; die one moiety of which forfeiture lhall be to our (overtime lord the King* and the other moiety to the party that will foe for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint* action, or information, wherein no wager of law* ef-foin, protection or injunction lhall be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

CAP. XVI.

jigainfi buying and felling	qf offices,

FOR tht avoiding of corruption which nay	happen	to	The penalty

be in the officers and mintjiers in thofe	coplaces or for buying or

wherein there is requifite to be bad the true adminijlration	fort office*.

or fervices of trujl; (a) and to the intent that persons worthy and j Bulftr. 91/ meet to be advanced to the place where juftice is to be	* or iltoll.iS7,,js.

anyfirvice of tru/l executed, Jbould hereafter be preferred to the	, *

end no other:	1	tw'	a*®‘

II.	Be it therefore enaCted by the King our fovereign lord, /At : (?. C. /3$ the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Of. ^	£

fame. That if any person or persons at any time hereafter bar- **	ff

gain or fell any office or offices* or deputation of any office or //f	&	-	/&6>a

offices, or any part or parcel of any of them, (2) or receive,^^>2-'J have or take any money, fee, reward, or any other profit^ .. diredtly or indirectly, (3) or take any promile, agreement,'*' covenant, bond, or any alfurance to receive or have any money,*-fee, reward or other profit, direCtly or indire&ly, for any ' office or offices, or for the deputation of any office or offices or

any

 

Google



Ahnoquinto & fixtoEiSw;Vl.

Hob. 75* 'any part of any of them; (4) of to the jntent that any perfaa Cro. Jac. *59* -Should have, exercife or enjoy any office or offices, ot the deputation of any office or offices or any part of any of them ;

(5)	which office or offices, orany part or pastel of them, Audi 1 in any wile touch or concern the adminiftnmonor execution of Caf. Temp, juftice, (6) or the receipt controlment or payment of any of the 'life. 140. King’s highhefs freafure, money, rent, revenue, account, aul-hage, auditorfhip or furveying of any of the King’s majesty’t honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, woods or hereditaments 5 (?) or any of the King’s majesty’s cuftoms, or any other acuniniftration or neceffary attendance to be had* done or executed in any of the King’s majesty’s custom houfe or houfes 5 (8) or the keeping of any of the King’s majesty’s

*	towns, caftles, or fortrefles, being ufed, occupied or appoint* ed for a place of ftrength and defence•, (9) or which shall concern or touch any clerkihip to be occupied in any manner of court of record, wherein juftice is to be miniftred; (10) that then all and every such person land persons that shall fo bargain or fell any of the said office or offices, deputation or deputa* tkrns, or that shall take any .money, fee, reward or profit, for any of the (aid office or offices, deputation or deputations of any of the (aid offices, or any part of any of them, pr that shall take any promife, covenant, b6nd or affurance for any money reward or profit, to be given for any of the said office or offices, deputation or deputations of any of tne laid office or offices, or any part of any of them, shall not only lofe and forfeit all his and their right, intereft and eftate which such person or persons jfhall then have, of, in or to any of the said office or offices, deputation or deputations, or any part of any of them, or of, in or to the gift or nomination of. any of the said office or offices, deputation or deputations, for the which office or offices* or for the deputation or deputations of which office or offices, or

‘	for any part of apy of them, any such perfop or persons shall fo

make any bargain or fale, or take or receive any fum of money, fee, reward or profit, or any promife covenant or affurance to have or receive any fee, reward, money or profit: (11) but also that all and every such person or persons, that shall give or pay any fum of money, reward or fee, or shall make any

*	promife, agreement, bond or affurance for any of the (aid offices, or for the deputation or deputations of any of the (aid office or offices, or any part of any of them, shall immediately

\ rby 4nd Upon the fame fee, monfey and reward given or paid, or upon, any ftich promife, covenant, bond or agreement had or made for any fee, fum of money or reward to be paid as * is aforesaid, be adjudged a difabled person in the law,' to all ' intents and purposes, to have, occupy or epjoy the said office or offices* deputation or deputations, or any ©art of any of them, for the which such person or persons (nail fo give or pay any fum of money, fee or reward, or make any promife, covenant, bond or other affurance, to give or pay any fum of money, fee or reward.

III.	And

 

>y Google

i55,2 •]	Ahno quinto & fexto Ed w. VI. c. 16.	385

III.	And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The bargain s all and every such bargains, (ales, promifles, bonds, agree- and aflurance* mente, covenants and aflurances as be before fpecified, shall ^ E,* be void, to and againft him and them by whom any such stiles. *9? bargain, fale, bond, promife, covenant or aflurance, shall be

had or made.

IV.	Provided always That this ad, Or any thing therein To what of-contained, shall not in any wife extend to any office or offices, ficcs this fta-whereof any person or persons is or shall be feifed of any eftate ^tend not of inheritance ; (2) nor to any office of parkerihip, or of the

keeping of any park, houfe, manor, garden, chafe or foreft, or to any of them ; any thing in this ad heretofore mentioned to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	Provided also, That if any person or persons do here- Ads done by after offend in any thing contrary to the tenor and effed of anoffiwrre-this ad, yet that notwithstanding all judgments given, and^0*^* a all other ad or ads executed or done by any such person or

perfons fo offending by authority or colour of the office or deputation which ought to l?e forfeited, or not occupied, or not enjoyed by the person fo offending as is aforesaid, after the said offence fo by such person committed or done, and before such person fo offending for the fame offence be removed from the exercife, adminiftration and occupation of the said office or deputation, shall be and remain good and fufficient in law to all intents, conftrudions and purposes, in such like manner and form as the fame (hould or ought to have remained and been if this adt had never been had or made.

VI.	Provided alfo. That this adl, or any thing therein con- A bargain for

tained, shall not in any wife extend to any bargain, fale, gift, an °®ce be-grant, nomination, bond, covenant, promife, agreement or	of March

aflurance, whatfoever it be, of or for any the office or offices, ^	9

deputation or deputations aforesaid, or any part of any of them

had, made, done, concluded or agreed before the first day of March next coming, but that the Came bargain, fale, gift, grant, nomination, bond, covenant, promife, agreement or aflurance had, made, done, concluded or agreed before the said first day of March,, shall always remain, continue and be in such force, ftrength and effedt, as if this adt had never been had or made; any thing before in this adt mentioned to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Offices glverr. aforesaid, That this adt, or any thing therein contained, (hall

by.thetwo

not in any wife extend or be prejudicial or hurtful to any of orjufiict^of the chief justices of the King’s courts commonly called the aflife.

King’s bench or common place, or to any of the justices of aflife that now be or hereafter shall be, but that they and every of them may do in every behalf, touching or concerning any office or offices to be given or granted by them or any of them, as they or any of them might have done before the making of this adt; any thing above mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Vql.V.	Cc	CAP.

  L^ooQle

3«6

Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c.i7,18. I1552*

CAP. XVII.

A continuance until the end of the next parliament of the statutes of 22 H. 8. c. 7. touching conveying out of this realm of horfes and mares; and of 21 H. 8.	12.	for	the true

making of cables, &c. and of 23 H. 8. c. 17. for the true winding of wool; and of 24. H. 8. o. againft the killing of wainlings, £sV. and of 23 H. 8. c. 3. for attaints; and of 33 H. 8. c. 2. concerning buying of fifh upon the fea, isc. and of 37 H. 8. c. 23. for fetting the price of wines; and of 35 H. 8. c. 17. for the prefervation of woods; and of 3 W 4 Ed. 6. c. againft unlawful hunting in park, foreft, chafe, &c.

CAP. XVIII.

An	aft for the repealing of an aft made in the fourth year

of King Henry the Seventh, againft the bringing in of wine and wood in ftrangers bottoms.

4H. 7. C. 10. repealed by

w HERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the fhsr-

.	,	*	*	teenth day of January in the fourth year of the reign of the

Gafc6in or* *' famoui prince of worthy memory, King Henry the Seventh after the Guyen wines, eonqueji, grandfather to our now mof gracious and natural fovereign

liven nuiva) - _ - J — . - J Q- J-- -- --- — ./■ O--------------   J--~~0' ~

or Tholoufe liege lord\ it was amongjl other things ordained, ejlablijhed and enabled, woad, may be <f }iap no manner of perfon, of what degree or condition that he were, this1realm by fiould convey or bring into this realm, Ireland, Wales, Calais, any other or the marches thereof, or Berwick, from the feaft of the Nativity Aips as well of St. John Baptift, that after that was in the year of our Lord as tnglilh. God one thousand four hundred and ninety, any manner wines grew-ing of the duchy of Guyen or Gafcoin, or woad called Tholoufe woad, but such as Jhould be conveyed, adventured and brought in /hip or /hips, whereof the said late King, or feme of his fubjefts of this realm of England, Ireland, Wales, Calais or Berwick, were owners, pojfejfors and proprietaries, and the rnafler under God, and the mariners of the fame /hip or /hips, Englifh, Irifh, Welfh or men ^Berwick, or men of Calais, or of the marches of the fame, for the more party, upon pain to forfeit the fame wines or woad fe brought contrary td the said aft, as in the said aft mote at large it doth and may appear:

The reafons II. The which aft was fuppofed to be made for the maintenance of making the of the navy of this realm, and also to the intent, and upon good hope statute of anj truft, to have l)ad the fame wines and woad at more eajy prices than before they had been, the experience whereof hath ever ftbtnce (and now of late mojl of all) appeared to the contrary, for that thefend wines and woads be daily fold at such excefive prices, as hath not before been feen within this realm, and the navy of the realm thereby never the better maintained :

III. In confideration whereof, be it enadled, ordained and of the flat, of eftablifhed by the King our fovereign lord, with the afient or ing bringing *he lords an(* commons in this present parliament aGembled, into this reahn and by the authority of the fame, That from the tirft day of

February

4. H. 7. c. 10. and the con* trary events thereof.

An alteration

 

Google

155*".] Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. €.19.'	387

February next coming after the feflion of this present parliament, of wine and unto the first day of Qftober then following, and fo yearly, and	.

from year to year, beginning at and between the first day of ^Ej#c February and the first day of Oftoper, it shall and may be lawful 5 to all and every person or persons being of the parts or countries in amity with our fovereign lord the King, to convey or bring into this realm, Ireland, Wales, Calais, or the marches of the fame, or Berwick, any manner of wines of the growing of the duchy of Guyen or Gafcoin, or of any other part of France, or Tholoufe woad, or any of them, in whatfoever (hip or (hips, crayer or crayers, boat or boats, or by any other mean, who-foever be or shall be thereof owner, polfeffor or proprietary, being of the parts or countries in amity of our said fovereign lord, or whofoever be thereof mafter, mariner or mariners in the fame, without any forfeiture or penalty thereof to be had ; the said ftatute, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An all touching the exchange of gold and filver.

W HERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the twenty- Th« penalty fifth year of the reign of King Edward the Third, it was f°r **?h*”p accorded. That it Jhould be Lawful for every man to exchange gold for	°r.

fiber, or fiber for gold, or for gold and fiver, fo that no man did 25Ed.3.ftat.5. ♦ hold the fame as exchanged, nor taie^ no profit for making ofc1*. < such exchange upGn pain of forfeiture of the money fo exchanged, ex- * H°ld a concept the King's exchangers, ivhich take profit of such exchange ac-mont*c an^ ' cording to an ordinance before that time made: (2) which Jlatute not-withfianding, divers covetous persons of their own authorities have of late taken upon them to make exchanges, as well of coined gold as of . coinedfiber, receiving and paying therefore more in value than hath been declared by the King's proclamation to be currant for within , this his re(ilm and other his dominions, to the great hindrance of the common wealth of this realm :

H. Be it therefore enabled by the King our fovereign lord. The penalty by the aflent of the lords and commons in this present parlia- for giving or ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if rec^lcvil^0^or any person or persons after the first day of April next coming ™orc exchange any coined gold, coined filver or money, giving, currant for, receiving or paying any more in value, benefit, profit or advantage for it, than tlie fame is or shall be declared by the King’s majesty’s proclamation to be currant for within this his Highnefs realm and other his dominions, that then all the said coined gold, filver and money fo exchanged, and eveiy part and parcel thereof, shall be forfeit, and the parties fo offending shall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year, and make fine at the King’s pleafure: (2) the one moiety of the said gold, filver or coin fo forfeited, to be to the King our fovereign lord, and the other moiety to be to the party that feifeth the lame, or will fue for it by bill, plaint, original a&ion of debt, information or otherwife, in any of the.

C c 2	King**

  Google

388	Anno	quinto	&	fexto EdW.VI. €.20-23.	[1552.

King’s courts of record ; in which fuit no efloin, protection or wager of law shall lie, be allowed or admitted.

CAP. XX.

The statute of 37 H. 8. c. 9. repealed. No person by any means shall lend or forbear any lum of money for any manner of ufury or increafe to b* received or hoped for above the Turn lent, upon pain to forfeit the fum lent, and the increafe, imprifonment and fine at the King’s pleafure.—Repealed by s	13	El.	c.	8.

CAP. XXI.

REP. No tinker, pedlar or petty chapman, shall wander about from the town where he dwelleth, or exercife the trade of tinker, but such as shall be licenced by two justices of the peace or more, under their hands and feals, upon pain of fourteen days imprifonment. Repealed by 1 Jac. x. c. 25.

C AP. XXII.

An act for the putting down of gig-mills.

None shall oc- TT'Orafmuch as true drapery of woolen cloths is to be commended as cupy anv gig- Jl well in foreign realms as in this realm ^England, and all ways wo k,n an(hi an^ means ufe&to contrary are to be efchewed and taken away : of woolen P (2) andforafmuck as in many parts of this realm is nrduly and lately cloths. devifedy erefted> builded and ufed certain mills called gig-mills, for the perching and burling of clothy by reafon whereof the true drapery of this realm is wonderfully impaired, and the cloth thereof deceitfully made, by reafon of the ujtng of the said gig-mills: (3) tor remedy whereof, be it enaCted by the King our fovereign lord, the lords ' fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present par-forulln”ofa bament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That gig-milfin no manner of person or persons, after the last day of May next working of coming, shall ufe or occupy any of the said gig-mills, for the woolen cloth, working of any woolen cloth or cloths made or to be made within this realm ; (4) upon pain of forfeiture for every cloth fo wrought in or by any of the said mills called gig-mills, v. li. The moiety of all and every such forfeiture and forfeitures, penalty and penalties, to be to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King and his heirs, and the other moiety to the ufe of him that shall fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts, be it by writ, bill, plaint or information, wherein the defendant (hail not be admitted to wage his law, nor any protection, efloin or injunction (halj be to him allowed.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for fluffing of feather-beds, boljlers, mattreffes and

cufhions.

What fluff	Tj*OR the avoiding of the great deceit ufed and praftifed in fluffing

(hall be putin X1 of feather-beds, boljlers, pillows, mattreffes, cufhions ana quilts; Mfcrs dH (2) be lt ena<^ed hy the authority of this present parliament, lows, quilts," That from and after the last day of June next coming no person mattreffes and or persons whatfoever shall make (to the intent to fell or offer to be culhions.	fold any feather-bed, bolder or pillo w, except the fame be (luffed

‘	.	with

  C,ooQle

389

1552.] Anno quinto & fexto Edw. VI.

with dry pulled feathers, or clean down only, without mingling -of fcalded feathers, fen-down, thiftle-down, land, lime, gravel, hair or any other unlawful or corrupt fluff; (3) upon pain of forfeiture of all such feather-beds, bolfters and pillows, and every of them fo offered to be fold, or the value thereof.

II.	And be it further enadled by the fame authority. That from and after the said day no perlon or persons shall make to the intent to fell, or offer or put to fale, any quilt, mattrefs or cufhions, which shall be fluffed with any other fluff than feathers, wool or flocks alone ; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of all and every such quilts, mattreffes or cufhions fo fold, or offered to be fold, or the value thereof;

III.	The moiety of all which forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceflors, and the. other moiety thereof to any such persons as will fue for the fame in any of the King’s courts of record, or in any other court; wherein no wager of law, efloin or protection shall be allowed for the defendant or defendants. 11 H. 7. c. 19.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for making of bats, dornecks and coverlets, in Norwich and in Norfolk.

WHERE the making of hats, dornecks and coverlets, have of who may late been begun to be prattifed within the city ^Norwich, make felts, in which city there be good and profitable ordinances and conftitutions *\ats» at, provided and ordained for the prefervatiofi and continuance of the good ^Norfolk? making of the fame hats, dornecks, and coverlets, by reafon whereof and in what the young and idle people of the said city, to a great number have been places there. and yet be well occupied, maintained, and Jet on work ; (2) end forafmuch as divers evil and covetous difpofed persons, exerciftng the myfteries of making hats, and weaving of coverlets and dornecks, within the said city, and not being brought up or exercifed in the said arts or myfteries, to the intent they might occupy and exercife the said my-Jleries out of the said city ^Norwich, where no such ordinances and conftitutions be made or provided, have withdrawn themfelves from the said city, into certain towns nigh about the fame city, where they do and may occupy and exercife the making of hats, weaving of coverlets and dornecks, deceitfully and infufficiently without controlment, to the utter decay as well of the said crafts and myfteries, as of the said city, if remedy be not therein provided:

II. It may therefore be enabled by the King’s majefly, with Whoonlymay the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, make hats, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the dornecks, fame, That no person by himfelf, or by his fervant or appren- Norfolk and tice, shall from and after the feafl of St. Afichael the archangel Norwich, next coming make or work any felt or thrummed hats, or weave or make any coverlets or dornecks, or occupy, ufe or exercife the myfteries or occupations of making of felts or thrummed hats, or weaving of dornecks and coverlets, or any of them, within the said city of Norwich, or within the county of Norfolk, wlefs he or they that shall fo make or work any luch felts qr

C c 3	hats.

  LjOOQle

Hats, dor-necks, coverlets, &c. shall be made only in a corporation or market town.

The inhabitants of Fulham in Norfolk.

Anno quinto & fexto Edw.VI. c.24.	[	1	£52.

hats, or fo occupy the occupation or myftery of making of felts or hats as aforesaid, within the said city or county, be licenced and admitted fo to do by the mayor, recorder, fteward, and two justices of peace of the said city, or by four of them, or that have been apprentice to the fame occupation and myftery of felts and hats making, by the fpace of feven years : (2) and in like cafe, unlcfs such person or persons that mall fo make or weave domecks, or fo occupy the occupation or myftery of domecks weaving within the said city or county, be licenced or admitted fo to do by the mayor, recorder, fteward and two i uftices of the peace of the said city, or by four of them, or that have been apprentice to the said myftery and occupation of domecks weaving by the term of feven years ; (3) and unlefs he or they that shall fo make and weave coverlets, or fo occupy the arts of myftery of coverlets weaving or making, be licenced and admitted fo to do by the mayor, recorder, fteward, and two justices of the peace of the said city, or by four of them, or that have been apprentice to the occupation and myftery of coverlets weaving or making, by the fpace or term of feven years.

III.	And be it also enafted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall from henceforth make any felts or hats, or weave or make any dornecks or coverlets as aforesaid, or occupy, exercife or ufe the occupation, arts or myfteries of making of hats or felts, or weaving or making of domecks or coverlets, or any of them as aforesaid, in any place out of the said city of Norwich, within the said county of Norfolk, but only in a corporate or market town ; (2) upon pain of forfeiting as well or the felts, hats, dornecks and coverlets, and every of them, which shall be made, wrought or woven contrary to the form, effeft, and tenor of this a (ft, or of any part or claufe thereof, as also x.s. for every half dozen of the said felts or hats, and of iij. s. iv.d. for every coverlet, and of vj.s. viij.d. for every fix yards of dorneck fo as is aforesaid to be made, woven or wrought contrary to this aft; (3) the one half of which forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other half thereof to the person or persons that shall or will feife the fame, or that will or shall fue for the fame, or for any part thereof, in the King’s court of the Guildhall within the said city of Norwich, or in any other of the King’s courts of record within this realm of England, by aftion of debt, detinue, plaint, bill, information, or otherwife; in which said aftion or aftions, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, no eflbin, wager of law, protection or foreign plea to the jurifdiftion of the court, shall be admitted or allowed.

IV.	Provided alway, That all and every such person and persons, as do now dwell or hereafter shall dwell and exercife the myftery of dornecks and coverlets making within the town of Pulham in the said county of Norfolk, shall and may occupy and exercife the making or dornecks and coverlets within the said town of Pulham, as they have heretofore ufed to do $ any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And

  Google

x552*I Anno quinto & fcxto Edw.VI. c. 25.	391

V.	And be it further ent&cd by the authority aforesaid, That Th* penalty if the mayor, recorder, fteward, or justices of peace of the said city for the time being, or any of them, shall take any fum of f£r admTtdng money or reward for admitting of any person to occupy or ufe one to occupy. *ny ot the arts or myfteries aforesaid, that for every such time, and every such cafe, the person fo offending shall lofe and forfeit five pounds, the one half of which forfeiture to be to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him or them that shall fue for the fame as is aforesaid.

CAP. XXV.

For keepers of aleboufes and tiplingboufes to be bound by re-

cognifance.

FOrafmuch as intolerable hurts and troubles to the common wealth Enforced by of	this realm doth	daily grow and increafe through fuch	^'ihaU fe’ll

enddiforders as are had and ufed m common aleboufes and other houfes ajc or beer called tiplinghoufes: (2) It is therefore enacted by the King our fo- without li-vereign lord, with the affent of the lords and commons in this cence, and present parliament affembled, ‘and by the authority of the fame, bound^h* re-That the justices of peace within every fhire, city, borough, co^nifance^" town-corporate, franchife or liberty within this realm, or two x Show. 398. of them at theleaft, (whereof one of them to be of the quorum)

(hall have full power and authority by virtue of this a<ft, within Juftices of every fhire, city, borough, town-corporate, franchife and liberty, R??®* rraay where they be justices of peace, to remove, difeharge and put commJnfcl-' away conimon felling of ale and beer in the said common ale- ling of ale and houfes and tiplinghoufes, in such town or towns and places, beer, where they fhil think meet and convenient: (3) and that none 1	109*

after the first day of May next coming fhafi be admitted or *	’14*“

fuffered to keep any common alehoufe or tiplinghoufe, but such as shall be thereunto admitted and allowed in the open fefiions of the peace, or elfe by two justices of the peace, whereof the one to be of the quorum ; (4) and that the said _ justices of the peace, or two of them, (whereof the one to wfth°furety by be of the quorum) shall take bond and furety from time to thofe which time by recognifance of such as shall be admitted and allowed do keep ale-hereafter to keep any common alehoufe or tiplinghoufe as well, b°ufcs* for and againft the ufing of unlawful games, as also for the ufing and maintenance of good order and rule to be had and ufed within the fame, as by their diferetion shall be thought qecef-fary and convenient; (5) for making of every which recogni- xij.d. for ma-fance, the party or parties that shall be fo bound lhall pay but king the retwelve pence.	cognifance.

II. J^nd said justices shall certify the fame recognifance at the next quartcr-feffions of the peace to be holden within the fame (hire, city, borough, town-corporate, franchife or liberty, at where such alehoufe or tiplinghoufe shall be ; (2) the fame re- next quartejr-cognifance there to remain of record before the justices of peace feflions. of that fhire, city, borough, town-corporate, franchife or liberty ; (3) upon pain of forfeiture to the King for every such recognifance taken and not certified, iij. li. vi. s. viii. d.

C c 4	III,	An4

  v^ooQle

392

Inquiry of thofe which have forfeited their rccogni-

The punifli-inent of thofe which contrary to the commandment of the justices do keep ale-houles. Altered by ^ Car. i.c. 3.

Palmerf 38S.

1 S*lk. 4$.

Certificate of the recogni-fance and offence at the quarter-fel-hons.

The fine of thofe which keep alehoufe without licence.

A ptovifo for towns where fair* be kept.

Anno quinto & fexto Edw. VI. c.25. f 1552.

III.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of peace of every (hire, city, borough, town-corporate, franchife and liberty, where such recognifance shall be taken, shall have power and authority by this aft, in their quar-ter-feffions of the peace, by prefentment, information, or other-wife by their diferetion, to enquire of all such persons as shall be admitted and allowed to keep any alehoufe or tiplinghoufe, and that be bound by recognifance as is abovefaid, if they or any of them have done any aft or afts whereby they or any of them have forfeited the fame recognifance: (2) and the said justices of every (hire, and places where they be juftices, shall upon every such prefentment or information award procefs againft every such person fo prefented or complained upon before them, to (hew why he should not forfeit his recognifance; (3) and shall have full power and authority by this aft* to hear and to determine the fame by all such ways and means a$ by their diferetion shall be thought good.

IV.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons, other than such as shall be hereafter admitted or allowed by the said juftices, shall after the said first day of May obftinately and upon his own authority, take upon him or them to keep a common alehoufe or tiplinghoufe, or shall contrary to the commandment of the said juftices, or two of them, ufe commonly felling of ale and beer: That then the said justices of peace, or two of them (whereof one to be of the quorum) shall ror every such offence commit every such person or persons lb offending to the common gaol within the said (hire, city, borough, town-corporate, franchife or liberty, there to remain without bail or mainprife by the fpace or three days; (2) and before his or their deliverance, the said justices shall take recognifance for him or them fo committed, with two fure-ties, that he or they shall not keep any common alehoufe, tiplinghoufe, or ufe commonly felling of ale or beer as by the diferetion of the said juftipes (nail feem convenient.

V.	And the said justices shall make certificate of every such recognifance and offence at the next quarter-feflions that shall be holden within the fame (hire, pity, borough, town-corporate, franchife or liberty, where the fame shall be committed or done; (2) which certificate shall be a fufficient conviftion in the Jaw of the fame offence, (3) And the said justices of peace, upon the said certificate made, shall in open feflions affefs the fine for every such offence at *x. $,

VI.	Provided alway. That in ftich towns and places where any fair or fairs shall be kept, that for the time only of the fame fair or fairs it shall be lawful for every person ana persons to ufe common felling of ale or beer in booths or other places there, for the relief of the King's fubjefts that shall repair to the fame, in such like manner and fort as hath been ufed or done in time parted ; this aft, or any thing therein contained to the contrary potwithftanding. it H. 7, c. 2. 4 Jac. 1. p. 4,

CAP.

  v^ooQle

393

*552-] Anno quinto & fexto Edw. VI. C.z6.

CAP. XXVI.

An aSi for writs of proclamation upon Exigend, to be rant,in the county palatine of Lancafter.

WHERE the county of Lancafter is, and of long time 'hath Writs upon been, one ancient county palatine of itfelf, in which county the exigends and King’s writ hath not, nor yet doth not run, fo that the writ of pro-damation awarded upon any Exigend again/} person or ptrfom inha- ra*t jn biting within the fame county, in any aflion wherein procefs of out- caller.

Jawry doth lie, according to the Jlatute made in the fixth year of the 6 H. 8. c. 4. reign of our late fovereign lord of famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, cannot be directed to the Jherijf of the said county palatine, but unto the Jheriff of the county next adjoining unto the said county palatine, fo that the party dwelling within the said county palatine, againjl wnom any such Exigend and proclamation hath been or Jball be awarded, hath not had, nor hereafter can have, any knowledge of the fame fuit or procefs, by reafon whereof many perforn inhabiting within the said county palatine, without knowledge have been outlawed, and hereafter be in like manner like to be outlawed, to their utter undoing, iffome fpeedy remedy be not the fooner provided:

II. Be it therefore, and for divers other good confiderations, a proclama-enafted, ordained and eftablifhed by the King our fovereign tion upon an lord, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the au- any thority of the fame, That if and whenfoever any writ ot Exigend, «frfon dwel-at any time after the first day of April next coming, shall be ling in the awarded at the fuit of the King, his heirs or fucceflors Kings county ot of this realm, or at the fuit or fuits of any other person or persons, Eanca ter* plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any aftion or fuit in any of the courts of our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors Kings of this realm, commonly called the Kings Bench and the Common Place, againft anynerfon or persons dwelling within the said county palatine 5 That then immediately upon the awarding of every such Exigend, thejuftice or justices before whom any such writ of Exigend upon such fuit or aftion shall be fued, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this aft, to award one writ of proclamation (according to the tenor and effeft of writs of proclamation awarded upon Exigends, and commonly direftedout of any of the said courts into London, or into any other fhires of this realm, againft any person or persons dwelling in other (hire or fhires of this realm where the King’s writs do run, according to the order and form of the said statute made in the fixth year of the reign of the said late King) to be direfted to the fheriff of the said county palatine of Lancafter, where it shall happen the said defendant, againft whom any such aftion shall be fued as is aforesaid, to be dwelling, and not to the fheriff of any other {hire next adjoining to the laid county palatine; any law, cuf-tom or usage heretofore ufed to the contrary notwithstanding:

(2) and that every such writ of proclamation fo to be hereafter awarded to the fheriff of the said county palatine, shall have the fame Tcjle and day of return as the Exigends, whereupon every such writ of proclamation shall be awarded. fhaJJ have,

III, And

 

Google

bench,and another in the common y pleas.

394	Anno quinto & fcxto Edw*VI. 026.	[1552.

The flier iff of HI. And that every such {heriff of the said county palatine of the county of Lancajier^ to whom any such writ or writs of proclamation shall make^procla-1 ^ direfted, shall make proclamations of the said writ and writs mation ac- of proclamation according to the tenor of the fame, and shall cording to the make true returns of the fame, in such court and courts, and tenor of his before such juftices, as the tenor of the fame writ and writs wnt*	of proclamation shall require and demand: (2) and that all

outlawries hereafter to be promulged or pronounced againft any person or persons, upon any such Exigend or Exigends awarded againft any person and persons dwelling in the said county palatine of Lancajier, and no writ of proclamations awarded in form abovefaia to the (heriff of the said county palatine of Lan-eajiex, where the party defendant shall be as is aforesaid dwelling, or not returned, to be clearly void of none effeft nor force in the law.

The (heriff of IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That Lancafter shall CVcry (heriff of the said county palatine for the time being shall ilfthe^^g’s^ kave i*1 every of the said courts of the King’s bench and of the common place, one fufficient deputy at the leaft, to receive all such writs of proclamations which shall be hereafter direfted to every such (heriff of the said county palatine, for whom the fame deputy or deputies shall be appointed, in like manner and form, and upon like pains, as by the former statutes and laws of this realm other (heriffs of other (hires or counties within this realm of England be bounden to have in either of the said courts 2 (2) and that all such writs of proclamations aforesaid shall be delivered unto every such deputy or deputies of record in the fame courts, and either of them ; (3) and also like fees shall be paid for making every such writ of proclamations, and for enrolling the fame of record, as is limited in the fame ftatutemade in the said fixth year of our laid late fovereign lord King Hinry the Eighth.

V.	Be it further enafted and eftablilhed by the authority aforesaid. That if any such writ or writs of proclamations hereafter to be direfted to any (heriff of the said county palatine 'of Lancajier, be delivered unto any of the (heriffs of the (aid county palatine for the time being, or to his or their deputy or deputies, in manner and form aforesaid, and the fame (heriff or (heriffs do not make true return of every such writ and writs of proclamations into such court and courts out of which the said writ or writs' of proclamations shall be awarded, that for every such default of non-return, every such (heriff for the time being shall lofe and forfeit five pounds ; the one half whereof shall be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other half thereof to any such person or persons as will fue for the fame in one aftion of debt to be grounded upon this a (ft; in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protect tion or wager of law shall be allowed or admitted.

VI.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hajl not in any wife extend or be prejudicial to the said county palatine of Lancajier for or concerning luch liberties, fran-chifes or privileges as belong to the fame, or to any ministers or

officers

* H. 8. c. 4-

The (heriffs forfeiture for not returning of a proclamation.

This statute shall not prejudice the liberties of the

' 

1553-3 Anno fcptimo Edw.VI. c.i.	395

officers of the fame county palatine, otherwife or in any other county of Lan. manner than by the true meaning of this is before provided caftcr* and declared; any thing in this a6t mentioned to the contrary notwit hftanding.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enafted and eftablilhed Procefs award, by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons dwell- '^rf^outfny ing within the laid county palatine, after the aforesaid first day {awed, dwel-of April, shall be outlawed in any such fuit or adlion as is afore- ling in the faid, that thfen all writs of fpecial Capias 'utlagat;iingle fold county Capias utlagatum, Non moleftandum, and all other procefs, tor Palatme-or againft any person or persons fo outlawed, shall and may from thenceforth be dire&ed from time to time to the chancellor of the duchy of Lancafter, who shall make like writs and procefs thereupon, and of like effed, fealed with the fea] of the said county palatine of Lancafter, to be directed to the fheriff of the said county palatine for the time being, as heretofore hath been ufed and accuftomed in such cafes, i Ed. 6. c. io.

Anno feptimo Edwardi Sexti.

ACTS made in the parliament y balden at Weftminfter the first day of March in the feventbyear of the reign of our moft redoubted fovereign lord Edward the Sixtby by the grace ofGody King of England, France, and Ireland, defender of thefaitby and oftbe church of England, and alfooj Ireland, in earth the fupreme beady and there continued to the diffolu-tion of the famcy being the last day of the said month of March, as followetb:

CAP. I.

An act for the true anfwering of the King's majesty's revenues.

I FORASMUCH as tpe King's majefiy's treafurers, and general Certain of-- and particular receivers and bailiffs of his honour s, caftleSy lord- ficersaccompt-JhipSy manors, lands and tenements, reverfeons, poffeffions and other his K^^lJilTbe hereditaments in England, Wales and Calice, ahd the marches of bound with the famey or elfwhere within the King's dominionsy have not fo juft- fureties for fyy fpeedily, neither duly made yearly payments of such fturn and their true fums of money as hath been by them and every of them received	^

the King's majefiy's revenues9 poffeffions and profits, into the King's P y n * majefiy's treaftury according to their duties, but yearly do detain and keep the fame to their own gain, profit and lucre, contrary to all right, truth and equity, and to the maniftejl injury, wrong ami hindrance of and to the King cur fovereign lord:

II. Be it therefore enaded by the King our fovereign lord, the Every officer lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present par- ^coiTTant to liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every iheK^ingfhair treafurer and general and particular receiver, colledor and bailiff, he hound and other mimfter accomptant, which now is charged or charge- f°r his true

able

  v^.ooQle

396	Anno	feptimo Edw.VI. c.u	[1553;

accompt and able with er for the receipt of any of the King’s majesty’s mo-payment. ney, rents or revenues whatfoever, not being bound with furety or fureties by obligation, recognifance or otherwife, to our late fovereign lord the King, or to our fovereign lord the King that now is, for or concerning their office or offices before the xx. day of December next coming, or at any time or times before the fame xx. day of December, if they or any of them be reafonably required, shall upon pain of forfeiture of his office be bound to’ the King’s majesty by fufficicnt writing obligatory in reafonable fum or fums of money : (2) The lame writ-, ing obligatory to be made with or upon condition, that the person which shall be lb bounden, his heirs, executors, admi-niftrators, deputy or deputies, or one of them, from time to time shall yield a perfect and true accompt of all fums of money, and other things that the fame treafurer and general and particular receiver, collector, bailiff or other minifter accompt-ant, (hall, mav, or reafonably might be charged with, concerning or by realon of his or their office or offices: (3) and also shall make payments of the fame films of money at such days and times, and in such manner and form, as hereafter in this ad is exprefied and declared.

Every officer III. And be it further enaCted, That all and every person and to the King persons hereafter to be named, alfigned or appointed to be trea-hcreafter^o ^urer or gencral or particular receiver, colledor or bailiff, or mi-b/named niter accomptant of our (aid fovereign lord the King, shall be-ihall be bound fore any their entry, executing, ufing or exercifing of his or with fureties their office or offices whereunto’he or they shall be fo nomi-for his true nated or appointed, together with furety or fureties, acknow-Myment.^ l®dge and make fufficient and lawful bond or bonds to the King’s majesty, in such court of record where the lame officer or officers is or shall be accomptable and chargeable, that they, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, afligns or deputies, shall truly accompt and pay all such fums of money as shall come to their hands, or (hall, may, or reafonably might be charged with concerning his or their office or offices to the King’s ufe, within the circuits of their feveral receipts aVid colledions,at such or like days and times, and in such manner and form as is abovefaid, to be contained in the conditions of every of the said bonds, upon pain of lofs and forfeiture of his or their office or offices, and of nis and their letters patents of the fame office or offices.

Receivers IV. Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That precepts unto every receiver of the King’s maiefty’s honours, manors, lands, m^rPaUment P°^®ons» rents revenues tor the time being, or his deputy of theur cd-Dt or deputies, shall yearly make his feveral precepts to all and fin-le&ions due gular the collectors, ministers and bailiffs accomptant within the to the King circuit of his office, charging and commanding them on the at Rafter. King’s majesty’s behalf, by the fame precept to appear before them perfonally, or by tneir fufficient deputy or deputies, for whom they will anfwer, within the county where the fame offi ces, bailiwicks, receipts or collections do lie, at a certain day and place in the fame precept to be limited, and to pay to the King’s majesty**

  LjOOQle

x553^ Anno fcpdmo Edw.VI. c.u	397

jetty's ufe such fums of money as they ought to do by reafon of any of their said offices, being due to our laid fovereign lord the King, at or before the feaft of Eafter* which they have or may by any lawful or due mean levy or receive within or by reafon of their said offices or collections: (2) and that the lame precepts fliall be feverally delivered to every of the said officers, mi-nifters and bailiffs accomptant, or to their deputy or deputie$f or elfe be left at their dwelling-houfe$, or at the manor, lord-(hip or place where their receipt or collection is or ought to be, twelve days at the lead before the day of appearance to them given ana prefixed in the fame precept or precepts*

V.	And if any of the said ministers, collectors or bailiffs ac- penalty comptant, upon or after any such precept or precepts at any whereanac-time hereafter made by any such receiver, and being delivered comptant ma-and left in form aforesaid, do make default at the fame day rfc*ault and place affigned and Appointed in and by the said precept or ^ parent?0 precepts, that then the fame collector, minifter or bailiff ac- p comptant fo making default, and not appearing as is aforesaid,

and being thereof duly and lawfully convicted in the court where the revenue is or lhall be anfwered, shall for the first offence lofe and forfeit to the King our fovereign lord his whole fee for that year wherein he shall fo make default, or the value thereof; (2; and for non-payment of the said money due and payable at or before the said feaft of Eafter unto our said fovereign lord the King, within or by reafon of his said office, collection or bailiwick, shall lofe and forfeit for the first offence of non-payment vi. d. of the pound, in the name of a pain, for every month after the said day of appearance, until the fame money shall be by him or his deputy paid t<y the hands of the said receiver, to the King’s majesty’s ufe,

VI.	And after the first default of appearance made by any The penalty of the said officers, and another like precept by the said re-forthefecond ceiver be made and delivered or left in form aforesaid, then the offence.

(aid officer or officers making again default, and being thereof lawfully convicted as is aforesaid, for the fecond default and

offence for non-appearance shall lofe and forfeit to the King our fovereign lord his office and fee: (2) and for the said fecond offence in the non-payment of the (aid money due and payable within and by reafon of his office, collection or bailiwick, at or before the said feaft of Eafter, shall lofe and forfeit xii. d. of every pound, in the name of a pain, for every month after the said lad day of appearance and default made as is aforesaid, until the fame money mall be by him or his deputy paid to the hands of ' the said receiver, to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King,

VII.	And further be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, The auditors That all and every auditor and auditors of our (aid fovereign precepts to lord the King, of his Majesty’s honours, manors, lands, pof- accomptant* feffions, rents and revenues, for the time being, or his or their fufficient deputy or deputies, shall have full power and au- collections due thority by virtue of this aCt yearly to make their precept or pre- at Michael-

cepts,

 

Google

The penalty where an ac-comptant ma-keth default of appearance or payment.

Anno feptimo Edw. VI. c. t\ 1553

cepts, to all ministers, collectors and bailiffs accomptant, commanding them on the behalf of our laid fovercign lord the King to appear and accompt before him or them perlbnally, or elie by their fufficient deputy or deputies, at a place certain within the county where the fame lands and pofleffions do lie, at the King’s majesty’s audit, to be holden there yearly between the feaft of St. Michael the archangel and the nativity of our Lord God, of and for all rents, revenues and profits due and payable within or by reafon of their said offices, collections or bailiwicks, at or before the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next before the fame audit, exprefling in the fame precept dr precepts the time and place when and where the lame ministers^ collectors and bailiffs accomptable, or their fufficient deputy or deputies, for whom they will anfwer, lhall appear: (2) the fameprecepts to be delivered to the fame ministers, collectors, bailiffs accomptant, or their deputy or deputies, or left at their dwelling-houfes, or at the manor, lordlhip or place, where the receipts or collections is or ought to be, twelve days at the leaft before the day of appearance to him or them prefixed in the fame precept or precept^. (3) And if any minifter, collector or bailiff accomptant do not appear before the said auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies at the laid audit, according to the said precept; or elfe if he do appear and •refufe to accompt for his laid receipt, collection or bailiwick, before the laid auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies ; that then the said minifter, collector or bailiff accomptant fo making default and not appearing, or fo refufing to accompt as is aforesaid, and being thereof duly and lawfully convicted in the court where the revenue is or shall be anfwerable, lhall for his first offence lofe and forfeit to our fovereign lord the King, his whole fee for that year wherein he lhall fo make default, or the value thereof: (4) and for the non-payment of the said money due and payable within his colleflion, office or bailiwick, at or before the fame feaft of St. Michael the archangel, shall lofe and forfeit to the King our fovereign lord, for his said first offence, fix pence of every pound in the name of a pain, for every month after the said day of appearance and default' made as is aforesaid, until he or his fufficient deputy or deputies lhall accompt before the said auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies, for his said collection, receipt or bailiwick, ana also pay into the hands of the laid receiver or receivers, all and every of such fum and fums of money as lhall be found juftly due by the said accomptant, before the said auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies, to the King’s majesty, upon the foot and determination of his accompt: (5)-and after the first default of appearance made before thje said auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies, by any of the said officers accomptant, being fo warned as is aforesaid, and after another like precept made and delivered or left in form aforesaid, That then the said officer or officers that fo lhall make again default of appearance, for the

 

Google

399

1553-] Anno fepthnoEow. VI. c.r.

faid fecond offence in making default in his appearance as is aforesaid, and toeing thereof duly and lawfully convifted in the court where the revenue of his laid office is or shall be anfwer-able, shall lofe and forfeit to the Xing our fovereign lord his laid office and fee.

VIII.	And for the fecond offence in non-payment of the said The penalty money due and payable with and by reafon or his receipt, col- ^e™^fecond' le&ion or bailiwick, at or before the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel, lhall lofe and forfeit to our fovereign the King, xij. d. of every pound in the name of a pain, for every month after the said last day of appearance and default made as is aforesaid, until he or his fufficient deputy or deputies shall accompt before the laid auditor or auditors, or his or their deputy or deputies, for the laid receipt, colle&ion or bailiwick, and also pay unto the hands of the said receiver or receivers, or his or their deputy or deputies, to the King’s ufe, all such Aims of money as shall be juftly found due by the said ac-comptant, upon the foot and ueteunination of his said accompt.

* IX. And further be it enabled by authority aforesaid. That Within what all and every receiver and receivers of the King’s majesty’s times the honours, manors, lands, poffeffions, rents or revenues, shall K!nS'* make ready and full payment yearly to the treafurer or general makYpay-receiver of the court wnere the said revenue is or shall be an- ment of the fwerable, or othe**wHe as he or they are or shall be appointed money by and afligned by fufficient warrant, of aU such fums or money them received, as he or they shall know to be due to crur fovereign lord the King, and can by any lawful or due mean obtain, get, have or receive, of the rents or revenues of our said fovereign lord the King* with or by reafon of their offices, being due at or before the feaft of Eafier, by the xx. day of June then next following at the furtheft; (a) and also shall make like payment yearly of all their like receipts of the rents and revenues of our said lovereign lord the King that shall be due at or before the feaft of St. Afichael the archangel, by the xx. day of January then next following at the furtheft, upon pain of lofe and forfeiture for every default at any of the said days, ij. d. of every pound, for every day that the said money fo by them or any of them shall be unpaid.

X% And also it is further enacted. That all and every the When the said receiver and receivers, or their deputy or deputies for King s re-Whom they will anfwer, shall enter into their accompt yearly ceivers ^all in the term of St. Hillary, and fully and clearly finifh the fame accomPt# accompt before the tenth day of March then next following, and make full and ready payment of the money that shall appear to be due upon the foot and determination of the fame accompt, before the xx day of the said month of March> upon pain of forfeiture to our laid fovereign lord the King, their offices and fees, and iv. d. of the pound for every day that they shall detain and with-hold the fame money, without making any payment thereof as is aforesaid.

XI.	And

  t^ooQle

The King’s ^ receivers, bailiffs, See. may diflrain for the arrearages of rent.

Amercing of flieriffs for nol returning of writs touching the levying of the King’s rents, See,

Thefe ac-comptants 9 upon warning shall accompt and make ready payment.

Within what time thefe accomptants

Anno feptimo Edw. VI. c. i:	[1553;

XI.	And further be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every receivers, collectors and bailiffs of any of .the King’s honours, manors, lands, tenements, rents or revenues, for lack of payment and levying of their said rents, iffues and revenues within their offices and charges, shall and may have power and authority from henceforth by virtue of this a<5t to diftrain for the fame, and to ufe and order the fame diftreffes in foch fort and form as any officer or officers of the King’s court of the exchequer, for levying and lack of payment of the King’s rents and revenues anfwerable in the fame court heretofore have lawfully done, and may lawfully ufe to do, delivering to the party diftrained the furplufage and overplus of the value of every such diftrefs, if any shall be, the King’s debts and duties being first paid, and the diftrainant anfwcred of reafonable cofts.

f XII. And that the head and chief officer or officers of every of the King’s courts of revenue, being of record, or that shall be of record, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this adt, to fet and aflefs reafonable fines and amerciaments upon any fheriff or fheriffs, for not returning, or mifretuming, of any writ to them directed and delivered out of any of the fame courts, touching or concerning the levying or anfwering of any of the said iffues, rents or revenues, or of any debt due to our said fovereign lord the King, in such fort, and after such manner and form as now is, or heretofore hath been lawfully ufed in the like and such other cafes, in the King’s highnels court of the exchequer.

XIII.	Be it also further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That all treafurers and chamberlains, and general receivers of any of the King’s grace’s courts of revenue for the time being, and all cuftomers and collectors of cuftoms, or certain or flailed fubfidies within any port haven or creek of this the King’s realm of Englatid, that now be or hereafter shall be, within ten days next after notice to him or them given from the King, or fix of his mod honourable privy council, in writing figned with their hands, shall by themfelves, or their fufficient deputy or deputies for whom they will anfwer, declare in writing what fums of money, then being due unto our said fovercipi lord the King, be at that time in his or their hands and cuftody, (2) and shall make ready and full payment of all the said fums, of money as then shall remain in his or their hands or cuftody, over ana above the ordinary payments and fums of money contained and exprefled in fufficient warrant or warranto retting or remaining in his or their office or offices, and being in their full force, ftrength and effect, and not lawfully countermanded nor revoked to their knowledge, to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, at such time and in such fort as he or they shall be commanded and appointed by fufficient warrant, upon pain of forfeiture of his or their office or offices.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the fame treafurers, chamberlains and general receivers,

by

2

  v^oosle

1553-] Anno feprimo Edw.VI. C. i. '	401

by themfelves, or by their deputy or deputies for whom toallyearly-thcy will anfwer, (hail yearly before the xx. day of June make accomPt* a perfect accompt of all fucn money or treafure as hath come to their hands to the King’s ufe, yearly, at or before the xx. day of March then next before the (aid xx. day of June, and £hall make a perfect and whole declaration in writing of the money remaining*in every of their hands, to the King’s ma-jefty, or to his privy council, yearly, before the last day of June then next following, and make payment of the fame at luch time and in such fort as he or they (nail be commanded or appointed by fufficient warrant, upon pain of forfeiture of his or their office or offices.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any treafurer, re- The penalty ceiver or minifter accomptant, or their deputy or deputies, ofanaccomp-do take or receive of any person or persons any lum or fums of ^ore tha^h}* money, or other profit of and for the payment of any fees, due for the annuities, penlions, duties or warrants, more or otherwise than payment of he or they may lawfully do by former laws and statutes therein penfion. provided; that then tne (aia treafurer, receiver and minifter to offending, shall forfeit and lofe for every peny or penyworth fo to be taken or received, vj. s. viij. d. to the party grieved, to be recovered in any of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint or action of debt, in which fuit no wager of law, effoin or protection shall be allowed. '

XVI.	And be it also enaCted, That if any auditor or au- The penalty ditors, or his or their deputy or deputies, which ought to take if the auditors the accompt of any treafurer, chamberlain, receiver or other [^eora^lay officer accomptable before him or them, do refufe or willingly j£Compt. protraCt and delay the taking of the fame accompt, in such wife as it cannot be nnifhed within the time or times limited and appointed by this aCt for the taking and finiftiing thereof, that then every auditor fo refufing or protracting ana delaying, as is aforefald, and being thereof duly and lawfully conviCt in the court where the revenue or charge of the fame accompt is or shall be anfwerable to the King, shall incur, forfeit and lofe such like pain, lofs and forfeiture, as the treafurer, chamber-lain, receiver or other officer abovefaid, shall and ought to do by this aCt, for not accounting of, and for their charges and office and offices: (2) and thereby the fame treafurer, chamberlain, receiver and other officer that should accompt, and shall be refufed, or shall be protraCled and delayed as is afore-. faid, shall be difeharged of any pain, lofs or forfeiture, for not accompting as is abovefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That the duplicate or copy The copy of of every accompt that shall be made by any treafurer or receiver, the accompt or by their deputy or deputies, in form aforesaid, within con- ^ al|^f de’h venient time after the finiftiing of the fame accompt, and at the a^mptLit.* reafonable requeft and cofts of such accomptant, shall be delivered to them or any of them, firbferibed with the hands of the auditor or auditors that shall take the fame accompt, or of his or their deputy or deputies for whom he or they will anfwer, upon

Vot. V.	Dd	pain

AnnafeptimoEdw.VI. c.2.	[*&$&

pain that the fame auditor or auditors shall lofe and 'forfeit to the King's majesty ten pound for every such default.

XVIII.	Provided alway, and be it enacted by the austerity afbrefaid, That this aft nor any thing therein contained shall m any wife extend to charge any archbilhops or bilhops of thjI realm, or of any other the King's majesty's dominions, or any of them, at any time hereafter to make any manner of bonds, or to make their accompt and payment of the tenths arifing and growing within any of their dioceffes, due or to be due to our said fovereign lord the King, otherwise or in any other manner and form than they or any of them heretofore have been charged, or accomptable and chargeable by the laws and statutes of this realm * any thing in this aft to the* contrary notwithstanding.

The revenues XIX. Provided always. That this aft, or anything thereof Calais. jn contained, shall not extend to caufe the rents, profits and revenues, rifing, and growing to the King's majesty within the town or marches o? Calais, to be anfwered or paid other-wife, or at any other days or times, than heretofore hath been ufed and accuftomed 3 any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Enrich officers XX. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority char	a^orc^a^>	That this aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall

thi$rj[^ute. y in any wife extend to touch or charge any (heriff, efcheator or collector of any difmes, quindtfmes, benevolences, contributions or fubfidies, (fubfidies of tonnage and poundage only except) but that they and every of them shall and may do and exercife their said feveral offices, and pay such (urns of money as they or any of them be, or hereafter shall be, charged withal by their said feveral offices, in such and like fort, manner and form, as they and every of them have ufually done, or should or ought to do, if this aft had never been had or made 3 this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An aft for the eftablifhing, uniting or dijfolving of certain courts newly erefted by the King that dead is.

The King's TI^HERE in the xxvij. year of the late King offamous memory, iSveCor°unite * Y ^ln* Henry eighth, father to the King's majesty that certain courts noft'*** there was ordained, made, eftablijhed andenafled by the autho-ereaed by the rity of parliament, a certain court', commonly called the' Court of the late King. augmentations of the revenues of the King’s crown: (2) and *» H S c 17 w^ere aV° *n XXXU* year °f the said late King, there was made 45. * ,c*45 ’ and* ere fled by authority of parliament tzvo feveral courts, the one 33H. tc.39. commonly called the Court of the firft-fruits and tenths, and the other the Court of the King’s wards : (3) and where also in the xxxiij. year of the said late King there was made, eftablijhed and ere fled, by authority of parliament, one court commonly called the Court of the general furveyors of the King’s lands: (4) and where there is one other court commonly tailed the Court of Ac duchy of Lancafter.

40a

Bilhops accompt and payment pf tenths.


*552*] Anno fepdmaEdw. VI. c.3,-4.'	40$

II.	After which said feveral courts fo erected as is aforesaid, the The courts of said late King did repeal and dijfolve, extinguijb and determine, as a.u£menta-well the said court of augmentation of the revenues of the King's crown, ^neraffur-as also the said court of general furveyors of the King's lands, (2} veyors were and the officers of thefaid late courts of the augmentations of the King's diuolved. crown, and general Jurveyors of the King's lands, did furrender. their

patents and offices into the said late King's hands;

III.	And after the said late King did by his letters patents ere£2 A freond One other court called the court of augmentation and revenues of the mentations^ King's crown, and did by the fame his letters patents conjlitute and ap- crc&cd. point divers officers and miniflers for the fupplying thereof, as by the

fame letters patents more plainly and at large it may and doth appear:

The diflolution of the first court of augmentation by letters patents only, doubted. The King's letters patents for the erection of the fecond court of augmentations shall be good. Tbe King may by his letters patents alter, change or diiTolve any of the courts aforesaid, and eredt any new. No orders in the patent for the levying of the King's debts shall be prejudicial to any. The officers of theie courts shall hear and determine caufes only where the King is a party. A faving of all mens offices in certain cafes. A Hiving of the annuities* fees, pendons, fcc.of others, x Mar. Stat. s. c. xo. i Eliz. c. 4.

CAP. III.

An suft for the confirmation of letters patents, notwithstanding 34 H. s. c.*i. the mifnaming of any thing contained in the lame. Confir- 35 H. 8. c. 14. mation of certain letters patents of bargain and fale made by *•	*

King //. 8. fince the 4th of February, anno 27 of his reign, and by K. Ed. 6. fince the 28th or January, anno 1 of his reign, notwithstanding his minority. A bill shall be figned and fealed by the patentee of thofe lands which the King lhall after grant to him by his bill figned. Bv what means the king shall be fatisfied for the overplus of lands by him	*

fold exchanged or given. A confirmation of patents, notwithstanding mifnaming, mifrehearfal, or other default made by King Ed. 6. Several inconveniencies enfuing to the King’s patentees by the statute of 34 H, 8. c. 21. and 1 Ed. 6. c. 8. A confirmation of the letters patents of King H. 8. and King Ed. 6. made and to be made during his life. A mean to fatisfy the King of the overplus of the lands fold, exchanged or given by him to others. Leafes of lands parcel of the duchy of Lancafler, made in reverfion, or whereof the old rent is not referved. What letters patents only this statute doth extend unto. A confirmation of the King’s letters patents, notwithstanding his non-age, or any statute made for tenures, rents or tenths.

CAP. IV.

An d£l that all patentees of collectorjhips of tenths be bound by recognifance.

WHERE the archbijhops and bi/hops of this realm ^England, Patentees of are bound to the King's majejly for the collecting and true collettorfliips payment of the difmes or tenths due to his Highnefs, for all and bel>oundfor fingular benefices and other ecclefiaflical promotions whatfoever, being their collec-within their feveral diocefes: For the collection whereof, divers of tors.

P d 2	the %^ H. 8. c.

Anno feptimo Edw.VI. c.4.'	[*553:

the predecejfors of the faidarchbijhops and bijbops have by their letters patents (confirmed with the chapter feal) given and granted to Jundry personsy without provifion offufficient bonds for the true collect ton and payment of the said difmes or tenths to our fovereign lordy or other-wife to dxfcharge the grantors of the said patent sy and their fucceffors^ whereby the King's majejly hath been greatly defrauded of his said duties, and many of the bishops fore troubledy to their great hindrance and utter undoing:

f. II- Be it therefore enaCted by our fovereign lord the King, Altered as to with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com-collectors of mons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the autho-sgTcVio. rity the fame, That all collectors of the said tenths, under 7 m ■ *	’	any archbiftiop or bifliop within this realm of jEngland, or other

the King’s dominions, having letters patents, or other writings of their said office of collectorfhip of the said tenths, shall before the feaft of the Nativity of St. John Baptijt next coming be bound by their fufficient writing obligatory or recognifance, in the cQurt of the firft-fruits and tenths, or in any other court where the King’s revenues of the tenth shall be anfwerable, in such (um or fums of money as shall be due and growing yearly to our fovereign lord the King within their said collection or office, to fave and keep the said archbifliops or bi(hops and jevery of them harmlefs, and without hurt or damage, againft the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and for all manner of accompts and payments of money, which they or any of them shall or may conveniently receive during the time of their feveral collections, and that may be lawfully demanded Qr re-*, quired of the said archbifliops or bifhops or any of them for or •	concerning	the said tenths, by reafon of the flatute of the firft-

fruits and tenths, or elfe their said letters patents and other writings to be utterly void and of none effeCt.

The tenths III. And for that the parfons, vicars and curates .within this realm, the Uft $for moft $art not a^e t0 Pay tent^s before that they Jhall May* °T have received the profits of their benefices, tvhich yearly groweth and re-neweth to them at the feajl o/'Eafter, which fcajl in many years fall-eth after the firfl day of April, which said firjl day of April is now the day that is Jlalkd and appointed to the faidarchbijhops and bijhops, to make payment to the King’ s majefiy of the said tenths: (2) Be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That the (aid archbifliops and bifliops, and every or them, shall from henceforth •make yearly payment of the said tenths unto our said fovereign Jord, his heirs and fucceffors, in the court of the firft-fruits and tenths, or clfe where if shall please the King’s majesty to appoint the payment of the fame, before or at the last day of May and Certificate of not otherwife : (j) and that the certificate of recufants made recufants by any of the said archbifliops or bifliops, or any of them, made in May. before or at the said last day or May yearly, shall be as good and effectual in the law, to all intents, conftruCtions and purposes, as though it had been made at the days and times heretofore lipiited and appointed by the statute made the xxvi. year of the reign of his moil noble father of famous memory, King Heny

.*553.]	Anno feptimo Edw.VI. c.5.	405

viij. for payments of tenths and firft-fruits; any law or statute heretofore had or made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That A fpiritual if any promotion fpiritual be now, or shall chance hereafter to promotion be or remain in such fort void, that no incumbent is ojr can be voi4 for conveniently provided for the fame. That then the said arch- ”an be pro- n bifhops and bilhops and every of them, shall and may certify vidcd. r yearly before the last day of May, the fame vacations fpecially

and according to the truth of the matter, into the said court of the firft-fruits and tenths, or in any other court where the King’s revenues of tenths shall be anfwerable ; (2) upon which certificate the (aid archbifhops and bi(hops and every of them,

(ball be difcharged towards and againft the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in like fort as they now be upon their certificate of the recufants; (3) and that then and from thenceforth it shall be lawful to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceiTors, to levy and take all the glebe lands, tithes, iflues or profits, of the faia benefice or fpiritual promotions fo efpecially cer- ' tified as is aforesaid, until his Grace, his heirs and fucceflors, may be fully anfwered, fatisfied and paid of the whole arrearages of the said tenths then due to his Majesty; (4) and the said archbifhops and bi(hops and every of them, to be from the time of the said efpecial certificate, clearly exonerated and dif-charged againft the King, his heirs and fucceflors, of the fame arrearages ; any law or statute heretofore had or made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That The patent of all and every grant, patent or writing whatsoever, that shall acolle&orfhail hereafter be made to any person or persons, by any archbifhop |on|er than or bifhop by themfelves, or elfe by any archbifhop or bifhop during the confirmed by chapter feal, within the realm of England or elfe- continuance of where within the King’s dominions, of the office of colledorihip the grantor ia of the tenths, growing or arifing yearly to be due unto our faidthc lcc* fovereign lord the King, within the diocefe and biftioprick of

any such grantor, by reafon of the statute of firft-fruits and tenths, shall (land, abide and endure in his or their force, ftrength and effed, no more nor longer time than the said grantor shall be and remain archbifhop or bifhop of the fame lee and bifhoprick whereof he was poflefled at the time of his said grant, any confirmation of his said grant, or any cuftom, ufage, law or statute at any time heretofore had, ufed or made to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. Repealed by2& 3\Pb.	Ma..

r. 4. and revived by 1 EL c. 4.

CAP. V.

The aft tojtyoidjbe exceflive prices of wine.

FO R the avoiding of many inconveniencies, much evil rule and

common refort of mifruled persons ufed and frequented in many ^ at*

At what rices wines be fold, whofe

D d 3

the

406	Anna feptimo Edw.VI. c.5..	[*555*

Repealed at the authority of this present parliament. That no person or per-to the price of fons whatfoever, inhabiting within any of the King’s majesty’s Tc!C» c/f! 41? dominions of England and fVaksy shall after the feaft of St. Mi-Stiles 340*, 381. chatl the archangel next coming, utter by retail by fmall mea-Bridgmanuj. fure, that is to fay, by gallon, or any other meafure of greater or lefler quantity, any wines called Ga/coin, Guyon or Frank wines, but after the rate of viij. d. the gallon at the moft, by any manner of means, colour, engine or craft: (3) nor any ■! Rochel wines at greater prices or valuation than after the rate of iv. d. the gallon at the moft ; (4) nor any other wine or wines at greaterprice or valuation than after the rate of xii. d. the gallon at the moft; (5) upon pain that every person doing the contrary shall forfeit for every such offence five pounds of lawful -money of England.

Who may . H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That hf^houfe* and ^ not ke k^^l t0 any person or persons within any the who not?’an<1 dominions aforesaid, except he or they (nail and may difpend in Repealed by lands, tenements, hereditaments orotheryearly profits certain, the 1 Jac. 1. c. 25. fum of one hundred marks of lawful money of England, or elfe be f* 43*	worth of his own proper goods and chattels one thousand marks,

or shall be the fon of a duke, marquefs, earl, vifeount or baron of this realm, to have and keep after the feaft of St. Aftchael tht archangel, in his houfe or cuftody, any piece or veflel of any Of the laid wines of Gafcoign, Guyon, French or Rochel wines, containing above the quantity of ten gallons, to the intent to fpend or drink the fame in his or their houfe or houfes, by any colour or means: (2) upon pain to forfeit for every such offence ten pounds of lawful money of England.

No wines shall HI- And also be it further enacted by the authority of this be fold by re- present parliament, That it (ball not be lawful to anv person tail but in ci- or persons within any of the said dominions, after the (aid feaft tlC8***^r?ugh#> of St. Michael, to keep any tavern, or to fell or utter by retail by Syerf xy***'	g^011	or	^s	or greater meafure, in any place, any of the faid

wine or wines within any of the said dominions, except it be in cities, towns corporate, boroughs, port-towns or market-towns, X0iPrrn0n * or *n t^ie towns °f Gravefend, Sittingbomy Tuxford, and Bagjhot; but by licence (2) uPon Pa*n t*iat evel7 Perf°n or persons that shall fo offend of the mayors, contrary to the form of this adt, shall lofe and forfeit for every &c.	day fo offending, the fum of ten pound of lawful money of

Perfons li- England: (3) nor that it shall be lawful to any perfonor per-feUwinehf ^ons’ a^tcr	Michael^	to keep any taverns

any town, See. or fell or utter by retail by the gallon or lefs or greater meafure, uCar. i.c. 15. in any city, borough or town corporate, any manner of wines, f* *•	but only such person and persons as shall be thereunto nominated,

appointed ana affigned by the head officers and the moft part of the common council, aldermen, burgeffes, jurats or commonalty for the time being, of such city, borough or town corporate where such person or persons shall tavern, fell or utter wine by retail as is aforesaid : (4) the said nomination and affignment to be made by writing under the common feal of such city, borough or town corporate as is aforesaid: (5) and the said nomination,

*553*]	Anno feptimo Edw. Vi. C. 5.	407

Appointment and alignment shall continue in their force, Or be changed, at the election and pleafure of the head officer or officers, and the moft part of the common council, aldermen* burgefles, jurats Or commonalty for the time being, of such city, borough or town corporate, by Writing, and under such No ^ common feal as is aforesaid: (6) nor that it shall be lawfal to shall fell wines any person or persons to keep any tavern, or to fell or utter any in any town wine by retail as is aforesaid, in any city, borough, port-town not corporate or market-town not corporate within tne realm of England or Wales, or in the said towns of Gravefendf, Sittingborn, Tuxford or juftjces Qf Bagjhot, but only such person or persons as thereunto (nail be peaoeof the afligned, nominated and appointed by all or the moft part of <hire. the justices of peace for the time being, of such (hire or county where such taverns, or felling of wine by retail shall be had or al*- r '** Jowed,as shall be present at the general feflions for the time being, to be holden within every of the said (hires or counties; (7) the laid affignment, nomination and appointment to be had and made in full feflion, by writing under the feveral feals of every of the said juftices, and to be continued, altered or changed in like form, and by like authority as is last aforesaid ; ($) upon pain that every person that shall after the said feaft fell or tetail any wine, being not thereunto licenced and authorifed as h aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every day that he shall fo of- Howman tlu fend, v, li. of lawful money of England: (9) nor that any per- verns^ay be* Ton or persons having authority by this prefertt a<ft to nominate licenced in one aflign or appoint what persons shall tavern, utter or fell wine by town, &c. retail as is aforesaid, shall nominate, aflign or appoint by his Or their writing, any more or greater number^taverns or wine-fellers by retail to fell or utter wine, or keep or continue any ta-Vern at one time in any one city, borough, town corporate, port-town or market-town, or in Gravefend, Sittingborn or Bagjhdt (all and every such city and town hereafter exprefly named only except) than two wine-fellers or taverns; (10) and it shall not be lawful to any person or persons having authority to nominate, aflign or appoint taverns or fellers of wine by retail by this a<ft, to nominate, aflign or appoint, by writing, any more ofr greater number of taverns, or wine-fellers in the city of London to fell or utter wine by retail, at any time above the number df forty taverns or wine-fellers; and in York eight, in Norwiih four,, in Wefiminjler three, in Briflol fix, in Lincoln three, in Kingfton upon Hull four, in Shrewsbury three, in Exeter four, in SalT[bury three, in Glocejler four, in Wejlchejler four, in Hereford Eajl three, in Worcejler three, in Southampton three, in Canterbury four, in Ipfunch three, in Winchejler three, in Oxford three, in Cambridge four, in Colchejter three, in Newca/lle upon Tine four taverns or wine-fellers; (11) upon pain that every person authorifed by this a<ft to nominate, aflign or appoint taverns or wine-fellers, to forfeit for every nomination, affignment or appointment by him made contrary to the form of this adf, v. li.

* IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That No man (hall

no person or persons whatfoever. from and after the said feaft Iela*1 wulc r	r	1	c	be fpent m

of hit boufc.

408

Who shall have the forfeiture. ixCar. 1.0.15.

Who may have wines to fpend in their houfes.

Which officers may enquire of the otfences aforesaid.

Anno feptimo Edw. VI, C. 5.	[1553.

of St. Michael shall fell or utter by retail any kind of wine or wines, to be drunk or fpent in his or their maniion houfe or houfes, or other place in his or their tenure or occupation, by any colour, craft, engine or mean ; (2) upon pain to forfeit for every such offence x.li. of lawful money of England: (3) The one half of all which forfeitures shall be to the King our fove-reign lord, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of the King’s courts of record, in which adtion or fuit no eflbin, wager of law or protection shall be allowed.

V.	Provided always. That it shall be lawful for all and every merchant and merchants adventuring for the fame at his or their own cofts and charges, to have and keep to fpend in his or their houfe or houfes, such wine or wines as he shall tranfport or caufe to be tranfported into this realm or any part thereof, not taking any money or other recompence for the fame that shall be fo fpent in his or their houfes : (2) and that it shall be lawful to every high fheriff of every county, mayor, bailiff and (heriff of every city and town corporate within this realm of England and other the said dominions for the time being, during his or their office of charge, and to every other person inhabiting or dwelling in any of the King’s majesty’s forts or towns fortified and kept for the wars, during his or their dwellings, in any such fort or town of war, to have wine in their houfes by the veffel, to fpend the fame in his or their houfes, without taking any money or other recompence for the fame fo fpent in his or their houles, or other place in their tenure or occupation; this adt, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That the justices of peace of every (hire or county, city and town-corporate in their feveral feflions, and the fteward in every leet, and the (heriff in his torn, and every efeheator, shall have full power and authority by this present adt, to enquire by the oaths of xij. lawful men, of all and every offence and offences perpetrated or done contrary to the form of this adt: (2) And that every enquiry and prefentment, taken and had by the oaths of xij. lawful men as is aforesaid, shall be of such force and effedt as if the fame were taken or had before the King in his majesty’s bench; (3) and that every of the pains, penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, to be due by force of this adt, for any offence to be committed or done by any person or persons, contrary to the form of this present adt, as shall be found by prefentment before the said justices of peace, efeheators, (heriffs or fteward, by verdidt of xij. men as is aforesaid, (4) and no bill, plaint, adtion or information thereof commenced in any of the King’s courts of record, shall be divided equally in two parts, whereof the one shall be to the King our fove-reign lord, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other to be to the poor people of the town or place where such prefentment shall be found.

*553-1 Anna fepdmo Eirrtr. VI. 0.6,7.	4°9

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Within what

thority aforesaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained,	be

fliall not extend to charge any person or persons with any pe- fuct^

nalty or forfeiture for and concerning any offence to be done contrail to the tenor of this aft, unlels he or they fo offendifig be fuea, indifted or prefented for the famfc, within one vear next after the fame offence be done and committed as is afore-faid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided always, That this aft, or anything therein None of the contained, shall not in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful to any HbcrtiesofOx-©f the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or to the chancellor b^^^Tbe or fcholars of the fame or their fucceffors or any of them, to impaired, impair'ertake away any of the liberties, privi/eges, franchises, jurifdiftions, powers and authorities to them or any of them appertaining or belonging: (2) But that they and every of them

and their fucceffors may have, hold, ufe and enjoy all their liberties, privileges, franchises, jurifdiftions, powers and authorities in such large and ample wife as though this aft had never been,had ne made; (3) fo always that there be not any more or greater number or taverns kept or maintained within any of the said towns of Oxford or Cambridge, than may be lawfully kept and maintained by the provifion, true meaning and intent of this ftatute; any thing in this provifo mentioned to the contrary notwithflanding.

CAP. VI.

The statute of 17 Ed. 4. c. 1. touching the tranfporting of gold and filver, continued for twenty years.

CAP. VII.

An ail for the ajfife of fuel.

'HERE the ajjife and meafure of talwood, billet, fagots what (ball be V V coals and other fuel, appointed and affifed by an ail of parlia- the aflife of punt made at Weftminfter the xxij. day of January in the xxxiv. p1*1 °* ^

W'

year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, is £ g# the fame ajjtfe that was kept in the time of King Edward the Fourth, c/3.	'

yuhich affije hath not been kept, nor could not conveniently be kept thefe 43 Eliz. ^ *4* threefcore years, nor at thefe days can be kept, by rcofon of the great 9 Ann-c-*5-fcarcity of woods that is happened fince the time of the said King Edward the Fourth : (2) And also by reafon of the greatnefs of the said a fife, the famefuel nor coals cannot be carried at thefe days without alteration of the carts wherein such fuel and coals are now carried \ by reafon whereof and for that in the said Jlatute the penalty^ which is the forfeiture of the said fuel or coals lacking the said ajfife contained m the said aft, dependeth upon the buyer there-of and not upon the feller, ne maker, marker or feller of the fame; by ref on whereof aivers' cities and countries are like prefently to lack fuel and coals, unlefs fpeedy remedy be fbortly had in this behalf;

II. For

4*0

The aflife of

talwood, billet, fagot and coals, to be ibid In London and Weftmin-fter, and the ' fuhurbs thereof,

The forfeiture for lacking,of the aflifes aforeCaid. Repealed as to the forfeiture by 43EI. c. 14. in which there are other pro-vifionsrclating hereto.

All other fta-tutes for aflife of fuel repealed. .

Arnio fepdmo Ebw.VT# c.%

II.	For redrds whereof, be it enacted by authority of this

f>rcfcnt parliament. That no person or persons shall fuftain any ofs, pain or penalty, for buying or felling of any talwood, bilkt or fagot, now cut and made, although the fame be not of the afljft contained in the said a<5t; any thing contained in tho fame adt notwithstanding. (2) And that all talwood, billet, fagot and eoals to be made and put to fale in the cities of don> Weftmu^tr^ or in the fuburbs of the fame, after the last day of September next coming, shall keep the aflifes he/nfter ex-preffed, that is to wit. That every fact of coals contain four bufhels of good and clean coals ; (3) and that every talfhide contain in length four foot befides the carfe; (4) and every talfhide named of one, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of the midft, fixteen inches about; (5) and every talfhide named of two, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of th$ midft, three and twenty inches about; (6) and that every talfhide named of three, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of the midft, eight and twenty inches about; (7) and every talfhide named of four, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of the midft, three and thirty inches about; (8) and every talfhide named of five, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of the midft, eight and thirty inches about: (9) and every billet to contain in lepgth three foot and four inches; ana every billet named a Angle, to contain feven inches and a half about; (10) and every billet named to be a caft, to contain ten inches about; (n) and every billet named,of two caft, to Contain fourteen inches about: (12) and every fagot bound, to contain in length three foot; (13) and the band of every such fagot to be of four and twenty inches about, befides the knot: (14) which aflifes are little lefs than the aflifes contained in the said former a<9, and also are much greater than any aflife that now ir, or of long time hath been commonly kept.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful from henceforth for every owner without danger of any forfeiture, to make billets of two cafts ; and that all billets of two cafts, from henceforth to be made and put to fale, shall be of the aflife herein comprifed or more, and shall be marked only within fix inches of the midft thereof: {2) and that every billet of one caft from henceforth to be made and put to fale, shall be only marked within four inches of the end thereof, (3) upon pain that every marker and every feller that shall make any such fuel or coals, and put the fame to fale, to forfeit for every (hide of talwood, billet, fagot or fack of coals from henceforth put to fale, lacking of the aflife aforesaid, iij. s. iv. d. (4) And that this present ftatujtc only, and no other statute of aflife of fuel or coals, shall from henceforth ftand in force ne take place.

IV.	And forafmuch as by the greedy appetite and covetouf-nefs of divers persons, fuel, coals and wood runneth many times through four or five feveral bands or more, before it

j$53*] ~ item©fepdmd Emr.VI. 6;?,^ *	4*15.

cometh to the hand* effoem foot foe thdr neceffity do ban dr retail the feme s '

V.	Be it- ftrfoen enafted, That from the ffcft day of Nonethallbup next coming, no person or personslhall buy any him wood,

coals or fuel, but only fuchvis mil bom or confume the feme, retail the (ame. of such perfon* in mail fell the feme again by-retail to fuoh &c. as shall bum’ or confume the feme, for their own occupying without fraud or covin, or wharfingers or bargemen; (2) upon pain to- forfeit the treble value of all such wood, coals and fuel, a» (hallbs otherwife bought for any lucre or gain :

(3).and that no person or perfon* shall alter any mark or afiife No of any of the feid fuel marked, or alfifedaccording to this ftatute, (hajfaJter any ii) pain of like- forfeiture as is aforefeid.; (4) die one half of mark ocaffile ah which forfeiture herein contained shall be to the King our-offuelmarked. fovereign lord, and. the other half to hjm or them that will foe for the lame by aftion of debt, bill; plaint or information, in apy of the King's courts of record, wherein- no eflbin, protection or wager of law to be allowed or admitted for foe defendants. -	...

VI.	Provided always, and“be it enacted. That no person Within**at of persons shall yield ne forfeit any penalty herein contained,

uhlefs. adtion or fuit be commenced for foe fame within one L whole year next after the offence thereof committed or done: The pin.'Si-(2) and that if any cutter or marker, as aforefeid, or other mrat of an that shall forfeit any fum herein contained, shall not be able to “vfnfer nc^a yield such forfeiture or fum as is aforefeid, that then foch per- forfeitures ™* fon thereof convidled by witneflies or otherwife, to be fet on a pillory in the next market town to the place where he shall To offend,' by a judice of the peace, or any other of the King’s officers, at eleven of the clock, upon the market-day, with a billet or fagot bounden to fome part of his body, and fo to be difeharged of the feid forfeiture.

VII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be law- proviiionfor ful to every person and persons to buy, fell, make and cut Calais, billets, for the only ferving of the town of Calais, and foe marches of the fame, fo that they contain in length thirty

inches at the lead, as hath been there mod accuftomed foe forty years last pad, without forfeiture of any penalty herein contained; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwifodanding.

,	cap. vni.

A continuance for five years of the datute of 22	4.	c.	5.

prohibiting the fulling of caps or bonnets in a mill. REP,

1 Jac. 1. e. 25. •

CAP. IX.

Every piece of cloth called white pinned (traits, ready drefled to put to fale, shall contain in length at the lead twelve yards, in * breadth one yard, in weight eleven pound and every piece of pinned (traits shall contain in length eleven yards, in breadth three quarters of a yard, and in weight eight pound

at

4**

Anno fcpdmo Edw.VT. C. 10-14; C*553-

afthe leaft. Hair, flocks and lambs wool maybe put into any of the said cloths made in Devon and Certrwal. 5 H. 8.

e.i. 6 H. 8.f. 8.' 5 A6Ed. 6. i. 6. REP. 27	1.18.

43 El. c. 10. 4 Jac. t. e. 2.

CAP. X.

The town of Gatefide shall be annexed to the town of Ntwtaftle9 and fevered from the bifhoprick of Durham. The inhabitants of Gatefide shall continue their common in the bifhoprick of Durham,and wood in Gatefide park, for their reparations. The liberties of thebifhopof Durham in New~ tafileand Gatefide shall continue. REP. 1 M. Sejfi 3. t. 3.

CAP. XL

A continuance until the lad day of the next parliament of thefe . fiatutes hereafter exprefied, viz. 22 H. 8.	7.	made for the

reftraint of carrying horfes and mares out of this realm. Anno 21 H. 8. t. 12. for the true making of cables, (Ac. Anno 23 H. 8. t. 17. for the true winding of wools. Anno 24 H. 8. t. g. remaining the killing of weanlings. Amo 22 H. 8. e.3. for attaints to be fued upon untrue verdi&s.

Anno33 H. 8. t.2. concerning buying of fifh upon the fea. Anno 35 H. 8. c. 17. made for the prefervation of,woods. Anno 3r H. 8. t.12. touching unlawful hunting	any park.

Anno 32 H. 8. c. n. touching wrongful taking or flaying of any deer within any park, Ac. Anno 2 A 2	c.	9,

for the true currying of leather. Anno 2	3	Ed. 6. t. 10,

for the true making of malt. Anno 2 A 2 Ed. 6. (. it. for the true making of leather, Anno 3	4 Ed. 6. t. 5.

for the punifhment of unlawful ailembhes. Anno 3^4 Ed- 6. t. 15. againfl fond and fantaftical prophecies. Anno 3	A4 Ed. 6.	t.ip. concerning the buying or rother beads.

Anno 3 A4 Ed. o. c.21. concerning the buying and felling of butter and cheefe. Anno $A 6 Ed. ft. c. 2. touching the pro-vifion and relief of the poor. Anno 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 14. againft regrators and foreflallers. EXP. 1 Eliz. e. 18.

CAP. XII.

A fubfidy and two fifteenths and tenths granted to the King by the temporality, to be paid in two years. EXP. Stat. 1 M. fief. 2. c. 17.

CAP. XIII.

A confirmation of fix shillings in the pound to be paid in three years, granted to the King by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

The King’s general and free pardon confirmed by parliament, except, At. EXP.

The End of the fifth Volume.

