THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

26th to the 30th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XXI.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Twenty Sixth to the Twenty Ninth Year of King George II. inclusive.

Anno 26 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for subscribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. To amend an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better recovery of the penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game, by enlarging the time within which suits and actions are to be brought by force of the said act.

Cap. 3. For continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. To oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarantine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Cap. 7. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 8. For opening the port of Exeter for the importation of wool, and woollen yarn, from Ireland.

Cap. 9. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery; and for regulating the said fishery according to the calendar now in use, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. For enlarging the time, and continuing the duties granted by several acts of parliament for repairs of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the county of York; and for making the said acts more effectual.

Cap. 11. For permitting the exportation of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, from any port in Ireland, to any port in Great Britain.

Cap. 12. To prevent wines imported into any of the out-ports of this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of London, or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty.

Cap. 13. For the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader in tobacco; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the portage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail.

Cap. 14. For the settling and ascertaining the fees to be taken by clerks to justices of the peace.

Cap. 15. For allowing interest upon certain debentures for the bounty granted on the exportation of corn.

Cap. 16. For reducing the number of directors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America; and for encouraging the fishery; and for regulating the election of the governors and directors of the said company.

Cap. 17. For the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 18. For enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas.

Cap. 19. For enforcing the laws against persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked goods; and for the relief of persons suffering losses thereby.

Cap. 20. For encouraging and improving the manufactory of linen in the highlands of Scotland.

Cap. 21. For encouraging the silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for securing the duties payable upon the importation of velvets, wrought silks, and silks mixed with other materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

Cap. 22. For the purchase of the Museum, or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian collection of manuscripts; and for providing one general repository for the better reception and more convenient use of the said collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for subscribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

Cap. 25. To render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude; and to enlarge the number of of for putting in execution the said act.

Cap. 26. To permit persons professing the Jewish religion, to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. To confirm certain acts and orders made by justices of the peace being of the quorum, notwithstanding any defect in not expressing the rein, that such justices of the peace are of the quorum.

Cap. 28. For the preventing of the inconveniencies and dangers that may arise from the present methods of digging gravel, sand, stone, chalk, and other materials, on the several commons and waste grounds within this kingdom, for the repair of the highways, and for other purposes.

Cap. 29. To explain, amend and continue, the provisions made by two acts of parliament of the nineteenth and twenty first years of his Majesty's reign, for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and to make provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful debts or claims upon the lands and hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, which, with other forfeited estates, are, by an act of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign, annexed to the crown unalienable.

Cap. 30. For the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

Cap. 31. For regulating the manner of licensing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting persons selling ale, and other liquors, without licence.

Cap. 32. For continuing several laws relating to the punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the drawback of the duties upon copper bars exported; and to the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth; and also for encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported; and for encouraging the trade of the sugar colonies in America; and for vacating the security for the duty on salt lost in any river, or in port, after shipped, and for enlarging the time for proving the loss of salt; and for relief of matters of ships with respect to the importation of soap and candles, contrary to an act made in the twenty third year of his Majesty's reign; and also for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon British-made sail cloth; and to impower the of of the treasury to direct the payment of the bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon four ships fitted out for the whale fishery, and lost in the Greenland seas, and also to Philip How, and others, upon two ships employed in the said fishery, notwithstanding some of the forms required by law in fitting out such ships were not complied with.

Cap. 33. For the better preventing of clandestine marriages.

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and continue several laws more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom; for the more effectual paying the expences of passing vagrants; for obviating doubts that may arise touching the keeping of prisoners until the prison of the marshalsea of the court of King's Bench shall be rebuilt or repaired; and for amending so much of the act of the twenty fourth of his present Majesty, for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in use, as relates to the time of electing publick officers of the city of Chester.

Cap. 35. For confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden, and several freeholders and occupiers of land within the said manor; and for explaining and amending three several acts of parliament of the sixth, fourteenth, and seventeenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for recovering and preserving the navigation of the said river Dee.

Cap. 36. For erecting several publick buildings in the city of Edinburgh, and to impower the trustees therein mentioned, to purchase lands for that purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the streets of the city, and certain avenues leading the reunto.

Cap. 37. For repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlesowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castlesowerby Pastures aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck in the said county.

Cap. 38. To enable the parishioners of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

Cap. 40. For repairing the roads from the city of Carlisle, to the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

Cap. 41. For continuing and making more effectual three acts of parliament, passed in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford; and also for repairing the road from the sign of the White Horse to the sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid.

Cap. 42. For repairing and widening the road from the west end of Seend Street, in the county of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the parish of Box, in the said county.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the churchyard of the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 44. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the town of Dysart, and liberties thereof, and all places adjacent, lying within three hundred yards of the boundaries of the said liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving the harbour of the said town.

Cap. 45. For building a new church within the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 46. For repairing the road from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county.

Cap. 47. For repairing and widening several roads leading from the market-house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick respectively.

Cap. 48. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said county.

Cap. 49. For repairing the road from the city of Carlisle, in the county of Cumberland, to the market and seaport town of Workington in the said county.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the county of Worcester, to the Hundred House; and from thence to Monkbridge, in the road to the town of Tenbury; and from the said Hundred House, to the said town of Tenbury in the said county.

Cap. 51. For repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basing-stone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surry, thro' Frimley and Farnham, in the same county; and from thence through Bentley, Holybourn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 52. For widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the town of Kirby in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirby in Kendal, thro' the town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said county of Westmorland.

Cap. 53. To continue and render more effectual three acts of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the third and twenty second years of the reign of the present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the county of Derby, thro' the town of Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from the School House in Didsbury, to the bridge in Wimslow, in the county of Chester; and for erecting a bridge over the river Mersey.

Cap. 54. For repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurst, in the county of Sussex, to the town and port of Hastings in the said county.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 56. For continuing and giving farther powers to the trustees for putting in execution two acts of parliament for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the said acts mentioned.

Cap. 57. For raising a sum of money by a county rate, for purchasing a proper prison for debtors in the county of Devon.

Cap. 58. For building a chapel on the common, in the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, and for vesting power in certain trustees for the regulation thereof.

Cap. 59. For repairing and widening the road from the west end of the town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

Cap. 61. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Ealand, to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 62. For repairing and widening the roads from Henshalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green through the town of Nether Knutford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the county of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwitch, in the said county of Chester.

Cap. 63. For repairing and widening the roads from a certain place in the town of Salford, to the towns of Warrington and Bolton, and thro' Wardley Lane, to the town of Wigan and to the Stocks in the township of Duxbury, and to a place called the Broad Oak, in Worseley, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 64. For repairing and widening the road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Arlington, and Pool, to Otley, in the west riding of the County of York.

Cap. 65. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road from Prescot, through Whiston, Rain-hill, Bold and Sankey, to the town of Warrington, and also the road from Saint Helen to Ashton in the said county palatine.

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from the West corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the city of New Sarum, to the parishes of Landford and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from the east end of Brough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmorland, by the end of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the said county.

Cap. 68. For amending, widening and repairing, the read leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 69. For repairing and widening the road from the Halfway House, in the parish of Lower Compton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard to the east end of the town of Axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads, round the said town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 70. For repairing and widening the roads from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the parish of Burford, in the county of Oxford, through the several parishes within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Preston, in the county of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

Cap. 71. For repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 72. For continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament for repairing the roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the county of Suffolk, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codenham Beacon, in the said county.

Cap. 73. To continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament, one passed in the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunchurch, to the bottom of Mereden Hill, in the county of Warwick, and for repairing the road from the bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 74. For amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

Cap. 75. For widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton, to the south wall of the church-yard of the town of Thirsk, and from, the south east end of the street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold, in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 76. For repairing and widening the road leading from Piper's Inn, in the parish of Ashcott, in the county of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury and Wells, to the direction or white post, in the great western road to the city of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the city of Bristol.

Cap. 77. To explain and make more effectual an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, For repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the county of York.

Cap. 78. To widen and repair the road from the guide post near the end of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the county of Oxford, to the house called the Sun Rising, at the top of Edge Hill in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 79. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town and parish of Preston Pans in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 80. To continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and other roads in the said acts mentioned in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 81. For repairing the roads from Livingstoun, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven.

Cap. 82. For repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town of Berwick.

Cap. 83. For repairing and widening the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the south West corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, and more effectually to repair the roads from Leeds to Hallifax, and Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, and for building a bridge over the river Wharf at Poole in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 84. For repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorne, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill, to the town of Northwich in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 85. For repairing the road from Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said county.

Cap. 86. For repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighley in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirby in Kendal in the county of Westmorland.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from the stones end near Shoreditch church, to the centre of the bridge in Old-Street road, and through Old-Street in the parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the west end of the said street, next the pavement in Goswell-Street.

Cap. 88. For repairing the road leading from Oundle in the county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston in the county of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the said county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane End, next the parish of Great Gidding in the said county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 89. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual, two acts of parliament, the one passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees in the county of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winstone, to Bernard Castle in the said county; and the other passed in the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by the said first mentioned act, and for the effectual amending of the said road.

Cap. 90. For repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

Cap. 91. For repairing the road from North Queen's Ferry, through the towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the town of Perth; and also the road from the hsaid Queen's Ferry, to the towns of Dunfermline, torryburn and Culross; and also the road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie.

Cap. 92. For repairing, attending, and widening the several roads leading from the Red Post in the parish of Fivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 93. For repairing and widening the several roads in the county of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleton through Carlops, until all the said roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh.

Cap. 94. To enable the owners of houses and lands in the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, and the inhabitants thereof, to repair the church and steeple belonging to the said parish.

Cap. 95. To explain and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

Cap. 96. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town of Paisley, and liberties thereof in the county of Renfrew, for improving the navigation of the river Cart, and for other purposes.

Cap. 97. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Westminster, and for cleansing the streets, and repairing the highways within the said parish.

Cap. 98. More effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

Cap. 99. For the better relief and employment of the poor, and for enlightening the streets, passages and open places within the city of Chichester, and several places adjoining thereto, and the close within the said city.

Cap. 100. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of East Greenwich in the county of Kent, and for repairing the highways, and cleaning the streets thereof.

Cap. 101. To enable James Mallors to open a street from the west side of King's Street in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the back part of the houses, gardens and yards, on the west side of Delahaye Street in the same parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Private Acts.

Anno 26 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffguard.

2. An act to enable John Peploe Birch, an infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the will of Samuel Birch esquire, deceased.

3. An act for enabling Abraham Carleton esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Cumberbatch.

4. An act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeester, James Rilliet, Anthony Bertrand, Frederick Teise, Francis Brouzet and George Grand.

5. An act to naturalize John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Alexander Fatio, William Du Bois, William Konink and Henry Klausing.

6. An act for naturalizing Jacob Faulk.

7. An act for naturalizing Beat Rodolph Victor Nerbel.

8. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of Henry late earl of Shelburne in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An act for settling a yearly relit on the rector of Pusey in the county of Berks, and his successors, in lieu of his tythes, and part of his glebe, and vesting the said tythes and glebe in John Allen Pusey esquire, and his heirs.

10. An act for sale of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Gloucester, devised by the will of Alice Gilbert, spinster, for raising money to discharge several debts and legacies, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of lands, to be settled to the uses of her will.

11. An act for sale of an undivided share of tythes in the isle of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his wife, and John Small their son, an infant, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of an estate in the county of Gloucester, to be settled to the same uses.

12. An act to enable Theodore William Inge esquire, to make building leases of part of his settled estate, situate in or near Birmingham in the county of Warwick.

13. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlas Moor in the county of York.

14. An act for dividing, inclosing, and reducing into severalty, the lands in the common fields, common grounds, pasture or feeding grounds, and all other the lands lying open in the parish of Quennington in the county of Gloucester.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable fields, meadows, and waste grounds in the hamlet of Hinton in the parish of Woodford cum Membris in the county of Northampton.

16. An act to naturalize John James Schweighouser, David Girard, Christian Von Hohendorff, John Lewis André and Andrew Sellon.

17. An act for naturalizing of John David Barbutt and Fortunatus Planta

18. An act to naturalize Mary Sybella Harrison.

19. An act for vesting the undivided twelfth part of Ann Jekyll, an infant, in the real estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll knight, deceased, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the purchasers thereof, under a decree of the court of Chancery.

20. An act for vesting one undivided fourth part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of York, late the estate of Robert Plompton esquire, deceased, in trustees, in trust to sell the same for the purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for vesting the estate of Edmund Moreton Pleydell esquire, in trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an agreement made previous to the marriage of Edmund Moreton Pleydell, the younger, esquire, with Ann his wife, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act to enable Evelyn Chadwicke esquire, and his wife, and their issue, to make building leases of part of his settled estate in the parishes of Saint James, Westminster, and Saint Martin in the fields.

23. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles for the sale of the manor, or reputed manor, and divers lands, tenements and hereditaments, at Kexby, in the county of York, late the estate of Charles Headlam esquire, deceased, and for vesting the undivided third part or share of Ann Headlam, spinster, an infant, of and in the said manor and premises, in trustees, in trust, to convey the same pursuant to the said articles, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for confirming an agreement between George Pitt esquire, and the rector of the church of Stratfieldsea in the county of Southampton, for exchange of lands in the said parish, and to enable George Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new parish church there; and for making roads to the said church.

25. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the prebendary of the prebend of Stillington, and Stephen Croft esquire, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of York.

26. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Ennever gentleman, with Mary Cornwell his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing, and reducing into severalty, the lands, common grounds, pastures, feeding grounds, and other the lands and grounds lying and being in the manor and parish of Eastlech-martin, otherwise Betherup in the county of Gloucester; and for making a recompence in compensation to the rector in lieu of his tythes and glebe lands.

28. An act for confirming and establishing an agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common and waste grounds in the manor of Loathley in the county of York.

29. An act for inclosing and dividing certain wastes and commons in the manor of Hexham in the county of Northumberland.

30. An act for enabling John Latchmere, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Fry.

31. An act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Redatz.

32. An act for sale of an estate at Bretherton in the county of Lancaster, pursuant to the will of John late earl of Ashburnham deceased, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for confirming and establishing a partition of several manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich baronet, Elizabeth Wilson and Mary Turton respectively, and a settlement made thereof, for the benefit of the several parties intitled to the several undivided shares thereof before such partition.

34. An act to impower the guardians of Frances Fitz Roy Scudamore, an infant, to make building leases of her estate in Southwark in the county of Surry.

35. An act for sale of the undivided moieties of divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffolk, the settled estate of Matthew Manning, doctor in physick, for raising money to discharge a mortgage debt affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus thereof in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

36. An act for vesting the parts or shares late belonging to Benjamin Brain, merchant, deceased, of and in one twenty-fourth part of the eastern division of the province of New Jersey in America, in trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act for vesting the advowson of Long Ditton in the county of Surrey, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of lands, to be settled to the same uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for vesting the estate late of William Rawstorn esquire, at Basseldon in the county of Berks, in trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of his will.

39. An act to enable John Craigie of Dumbarnie esquire, to sell lands in the county of Perth, and lay out the money arising thereby in the purchase of lands contiguous to other lands of the said John Craigie in the county of Fife, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

40. An act to impower William Hunt Grubbe esquire, to make leases of certain estates in the county of Wilts, and for vesting the monies arising by fines to be received for such leases, in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments, part of the settled estate of Valentine Knightley esquire, in the county of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knightley, and his heirs, and for settling other estates in the same county, of greater value, in lieu-thereof.

42. An act for confirming the will of Littleton Pointz Meynell esquire, deceased, and for making provision for Godfrey Meynell esquire, his eldest son and heir, and Judith Meynell his daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell esquire, his second son and devisee, to make a jointure during his minority, and for settling the estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the uses therein mentioned.

43. An act for raising money by sale of the estates late of Hugh Fowler of Robestone, in the county of Pembroke, esquire, deceased, to discharge the debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a partition of such estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold, for the purposes aforesaid.

44. An act to dissolve the marriage of Samuel Low, esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinfsn, and their sureties, a debt due to the crown for customs for tobacco.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the common called Felton Common, in the parish of Felton, in the county of Northumberland.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste ground, in the manor and parish of Hilmorton, in the county of Warwick.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, vicesimo sexto.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, in the twenty first year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the eleventh day of January, 1753, being the sixth session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for subscribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities therein mentioned.

Exp.

[Clause in 25 Geo. 2. c. 27. s 1. act of the last session for converting annuities into a joint stock.]

LXIII. AND whereas by an act made in the last session of parliament, (intituled, An act for converting the several annuities therein mentioned, into several joint stocks of annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the sinking fund; and also for consolidating the several other annuities therein mentioned into several joint stocks of annuities, transferrable at the South-Sea House) books were directed to be prepared for receiving the subscription or consent of such of the proprietors of several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as should subscribe the same into the joint stock of annuities, in the said act described, at any time between the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three and no longer: and whereas the greatest part of the said annuities hath been

2 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 2. [1753.

---

subscribed accordingly; and some of the proprietors of such part of the said annuities as remain unsubscribed, may be desirous that the time far such subscription Should be enlarged, which will also be of advantage to Books to be Pnblich > be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the kept open at governor and company of the bank of England, shall cause such the bank for books as have been prepared according to the directions of the receiving sub- said act, for receiving the subscription of the proprietors of the A^S*011810 5 annu*t, es 'nto the said joint stock of annuities, to be kept p , 753* open at- the bank of England for that purpose, in such manner as by the said act is directed, to the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty three indufive, being the time limited by the said act for the subscription of other annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum; and such proprietors of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as have not already subscribed the same into the said joint stock of annuities, their respective attornies, representatives or assigns, and all persons authorized by the said act to subscribe for them before the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, shall have power to make such subscription without fee or charge at any time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and such subscription shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made before the said fifth day of Jamtaty one thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

CAP. II.

An act to amend an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better recovery of the penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game, by enlarging the time within which suits and actions are to be brought by force of the said act.

[2 Geo. 1. c. 19. s. 2.]

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, intituled, An act for the better recovery of the penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game, it is provided, That all suits and actions to be brought by force of the said act % shall be brought before the end of the next term after the offence committed: and whereas the time allowed by the said act for the bringing of such suits and actions has been found very inconvenient, and in many cases is not sufficient for the commencing of prosecutions against offenders, whereby the intent of the said act hath been in some degree deseated; be it therefore enacted by the King's rnoit excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all suits and actions to be brought Suits for pecu- by virtue of the said act, for the recovery of any pecuniary pe-mary peiui- nalty or sum of money for offences, which after the twenty fifth ce/com mined^0* March one thousand seven hundred and fifty three shall

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 3. 3

be committed against any law now in being for the better pre- after5 servation of the game, shall and may be brought before the end of the second term after the offence committed; any thing in gfjj" jaw*the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. may be

brought before the end of the second term.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the purposes therein mentioned.

[ g Geo. 1. c. 5.]

MOST gracious sovereign, whereas by an act made in the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of six years; and for declaring that the duties on salt, which arise and are payable in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same charges thereon, as the same duties were liable to by the act of the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First) it was enacted, That from and after the determination-of the*

term of seven years, mentioned in an act of the fourteenth year of your Majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of seven years; and for allowing rock salt to be used in making salt from sea water at the salt works at Neath in the county of Glarmorgan) the fiveral and respective rates and duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, which by the said act of the fourteenth year of yout Majesty's reign were continued,

Should be further continued for and during the space of six years; and that the same Should be managed, raised, levied, collected, secured and paid in such manner and form, ' and by and under such powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, prcvisions, rejiriftions and regulations for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same, and with such allowances for prompt payment, and for wajle of salt carried coastwise, or to Ireland, and forfjh, beef and pork exported to parts beyond the fcas, and with such drawbacks or debentures on account of duties paid or secured to be paid for salt exported to parts beyond the seas, as were particularly mentioned in the acts recited in the said act of the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign \ and that the said acts therein recited, ar\d every article, rule, dause, matter and thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in force, and not otherwifi altered by that act, Should be and continue in full force and effect, for and during the said further term of six years, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly recited, expressed and enacted, in the body of that act; with a proviso therein contained, That the duties on salt, arising and payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Should be subject to the same or the like char- 5GJ0.1.C. 2* ges thereon, in the same manner as the same duties were liable or subject to by an act made in the fifth year of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled; An act for settling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to satisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other uses mentioned in the treaty of union; and to discharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland in the

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 3. C1753.

terms of the same treaty j and for obviating all future disputes, charges, and expences concerning those equivalents:,) and whereat it was by the said act made in the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign further enacted, That the money which Should from time to time arise at the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the rates or duties by the said act continued, Should from time to time, as the same Should arise at the said receipt (after all the orders of loan made forth by and in pursuance of the said act made in the fourteenth year of your Majesty's reign\ together with all the interest due thereupon, Should be fully satisfied and discharged, or money Juffcient Should be reserved for that purpose) be issued and applied at the said receipt for or towards the paying off and discharging all and every the principal furns contained in the orders of loan by the said act of the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign, dire sted to be made forth, and for satisfying the inter ef thereof, in such course, manner and form as are in the said act prescribed and appointed for that purpose, until all the principal and inter ef payable upon such orders Should be fully satisfied, or sufficient money Should be reserved in the exchequer for the full payment and satisfaction of the same, as in the said act is directed, and for no other use, intent or purpose tvhatsoever; and by the said act it was provided, That in case there Should be any surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said rates and duties thereby continued, after all the orders by the said act of the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign, directed to be made forth, and the inter ef thereofshould be fully satisfied and discharged, or money fuss-dent Should be reservedfor that purpose, such surplus or remainder of the said rates and duties Should from time to time be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and Should not be issued but by authority of parliament, and as Should be directed by any future act or acts of parliament in that behalf, as by the said act, relation being the reunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas all the orders of loan made forth in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of your Majesty's reign, together with all the interest due thereupon, have been fully satisfied and discharged: and whereas the principal Jfum of one million hath, in pursuance of the said act of the eighteenth year of your Majestys reign, been advanced and paid on the credit of the said rates and duties and orders of loan have been made forth to the several contributors, for the repayment thereof, with inter ejl after the rate ef three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum: and whereas part of the said orders of loan so made forth in pursuance of the last mentioned act, together with all the interest due thereupon, hath been already discharged and satisfied, and the residue thereof may, according to the course in the said act prescribed, be paid off and discharged before the expiration of the term of six years, for which the said rates and duties were by the said act of the eighteenth year of your Majestys reign further granted and continued: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, gratefully acknowledging your Majesty's tender care of the welfare of your people, in recommending to us from your throne, the continuance of our attention to the redudhonof the national debt, the improvement of the pub-Yick revenue, and augmenting the sinking fund, and being de-iirous to make further provision for those purposes, to the end 2 that

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 3.

that the nation may thereby acquire additional credit, power and security, have unanimously resolved to give and grant to your Majesty, your heirs and successors for ever, the said rates and duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, by the said lafi mentioned act of the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign, continued for the term of six years, subject nevertheless to be redeemed by parliament: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted The duties by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice uP°n and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in ^ite her-this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of therjngs> mads' same. That from and after the expiration of the term of six years, perpetual; for which the said rates and duties were continued by the said act of the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, the several and respective rates and duties upon salt, and upon red and white tQ fJie herrings, so by the said last mentioned act continued, shall be ru|es, See. of and are hereby granted and made payable unto his Majesty, his 18 Geo. ». c.*heirs and successors for ever, subjecfc nevertheless to redemption by parliament; and that the same shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, in such manner and form, and by and under such powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, restrictions and regulations, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same, and with such allowances for prompt payment, and for wade on salt carried coastwise, or to Ireland, and for fish, beef and pork exported to parts beyond the seas, and with such other allowances, and with such drawbacks or debentures, on account of duties paid or secured to be paid, for salt exported to parts beyond the teas, as are particularly mentioned in the acts recited in the said act of the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, or in any other act now in force, relating to the said several rates and duties; and that so much of the said act, and of the acts therein recited, and of every other act as is now in force, and as relates to the managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying of the said rates and duties, or the said allowances, drawbacks and debentures, shall be and remain in full force and effect for ever, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as if the same were particularly recited, expressed and enacted in the body of this act.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted and declared, Duties on fak

That the duties on salt arising and payable in that part of Greatin Scotland Britain called Scotland, are and shall be subject to the same or bthe

the like charges thereon, in the same manner as the same duties* Geo?*. c!*o. were liable or subject to by an act made in the fifth year of the 5

reign of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled, An act for settling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fatify publick debts in Scotland, and other uses mentioned in the treaty of union; and to discharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland, in the terms of the same treaty; and for obviating all future disputes, charges and expences concerning those equivalents) any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

After payment of principal and interest of the Joan on i8 Geo. 2.C'5.

these duties to be carried to she (inking

fc»d.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 4 — 6. [1753.

That after all the orders of loan made forth in purfbance of the said adfc of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, together with all interest due thereupon, shall be fully discharged and satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, all the monies which shall from time to time arise at the receipt of the exchequer, as well of or for the said rates and duties by the said act of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign continued, as of or*ifor the rates and duties by this act granted and made perpetual, shall be carried to and made part of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall and may be issued and applied in such manner, and to such uses and purposes as other rates, duties, revenues and incomes, composing the said fund, are or shall be directed by authority of parliament to be issued and applied, and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

EXP. At is, in the pound.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An act to oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarantine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

WHEREAS it is necessary that some proufion be made by* parliament, for obliging ships and persons coming from places infcded with or frequently Subject to the plague, to perform quarentine in such manner as hath been or shall be ordered by his Majesty, his heirs or successors 5 and for punishbtg offenders therein in a more expeditious manner than can be done by the ordinary methods of law \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and AH vefleis, commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the persons and same, That all ships and vessels arriving, and all persons, goods from teces^anc* merchancl'zes whatsoever, coming or imported into any f!om whence Port or P^ace within Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of the plague Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from any place from

may be whence his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the brought, fub. advice Of his or their privy council shall judge it probable that formq^ the infection may be brought, shall be obliged to make their

rentine in quarentine in such place and places, for such time and in fueli

such places as manner, as hath been or shall, from time to time, be directed shall be ap- his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by his or their order or

pomte } orders made in his or their privy council, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and that until such ships, vefleis, persons, goods and merchandizes shall hav$

1755.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6.

respectively performed, and be discharged from such quarentine, no such person, goods or merchandizes, or any of them, shall come or be brought on shore, or go or be put on board any other ship or veffeT, in any place within his Majesty's dominions, unless in such manner, and in such cases, and by such licence as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in council as aforesaid; and that all such ships and vessels, and the persons or goods coming or imported in, or going or being put on board the same, and all ships, vefleis, boats and persons receiving any goods or persons out of the same, shall be subject to such orders, rules and directions concerning quarentine, and the prevention of insection, as have been or mall be made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors in council, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the plague shall appear on board any ship, being ^|n

to the northward of cape Fintfttrrey the master, commander or to the'north-other person having charge thereof, shall immediately proceed ward ofr Cape to the harbour of New Grimsby in the islands of Sciffy, where Fin'fterre, to being arrived, he shall make known his case to some officer of Sar^urof the customs there, who shall immediately acquaint some custom- New Grimsby, house officer of some near port of England thereof, and the said and give no-custom-house officer shall with all possible speed fend up the in- tice of their telligence thereof to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of ^n/mitted state, that such measures may be taken for the comfort and sup- to the fecre-port of the crew of such ship so infected, and such precautions tary's office, ufied to prevent the spreading of the insection, as the case (hall&c* require; and the said ships shall remain at the said islands of Seilly, till his Majesty's pleasure be known; nor shall any of her crew go on shore; but in case the said master, commander or v other person having charge of the said ship so infected, shall not Vesselg not be able to make the said islands of Sally, pr shall be forced by able to maks stress of weather or otherwise to go up' either of the channels, he Seilly, to re-(hall not presume to enter with such ship into any port, but shall^remain in some open road, till he receives orders from his Ma-ders arrive." jesty, or his privy council, and shall take care to prevent any of his ship's company from going out of his ship, and to avoid all intercourse with other ships or persons; and the said master or any other person on board such ship as aforesaid, who shall be disobedient herein, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and o^dience suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and death!^*every such offence so made felony, shall and may be enquired of, heard and determined in the county where the offence shall be committed, or else in the county where the offender shall be apprehended.

III. And to the end that it may be better known whether any ship or vessel be actually infected with the plague, or whether such ship or vessel, or the mariners or cargo coming and imported in the same, are liable to any orders touching quaren- any tine; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That piacc dialt b# when any country or place is or shall be infected with the infected, or

B+ plague;

S Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6: [1753.

orders made, plague; or when any order or orders is, are or shall be node officers to go by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, concerning quarantine, Inter-an(* Prevention infection as aforefekl; as often as any

rogate the matter concerning the ship's cargo and voyage, health* &c.

ship or vessel shall attempt to enter into any port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or of the ides of Guernsey, J/rfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, the principal officer of his Majeay's customs in such port or place, or such person as shall be authorized to fee quarentine duly performed, shall go^ off, or cause some other person to be by him appointed for that purpose to go off to such ship or vessel; and such officer, or other person authorized to fee quarentine performed as aforesaid, or the person so by him appointed for that purpose, shall, at a convenient distance from such ship or vessel, demand of the commander, master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel; and such commander, master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such demand, give a true account of the following particulars; that is to say, the name.of such ship or vessel j the name of the commander or person having charge thereof; at what place or places the cargo was taken on board; what place or places the ship or vessel touched at in her voyage; whether such places, or any, and which of them were inte&ed with the plague; how long such ship or vessel had been in her passage; how many persons were on board when the said ship or vessel set fail; whether any and what persons, during that voyage on board such ship or vessel, had been or shall be then intedled with the plague; how many died in the voyage, and of what distemper; what ships or vessels he, or arty of his ship's company, with his privity went on board, or had any of their company come on board his ship or vessel in the voyage; and nun man oc to w^at P^ace ^Ps or ve^s belonged; and also the true onbTardj&c. contents of his lacting, to the best of his knowledge: and in case the vessel'to it shall appear upon such examination or otherwise, that any per-be obliged to son then on board such ship or vessel shall at the time of such perform qua- examination be actually infected with the plague, or that such feu me, ship j$ 0b>liged to perform quarentine, in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majesty's , {hips of war, or any of his Majesty's forts orgarrisons, and all other his Majesty's officers whom it may concern, upon notice thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and for any other person or persons whom they shall call to their aid and assistance, and they are hereby required to oblige such ship or vessel to go and repair to such place as hath been or shall be appointed for performance of quarentine, and to use alfneceflary means for that purpose, be it by firing of guns upon such ship or vessel, or any other kind of force or violence whatsoever; and If the vessel in case any such ship or vessel shall come from any place visited shall come with the plague, or have any person on board actually infected, fr.n'a*V Place and the commander, master or other person having charge of have the in- or ve^el> conceal the same, such commander,

section on master or other person haying charge of such ship or vessel, shall beard the be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuifer death as in cases of

If the infection shall be

1753.]Anno vicesimo forto Georgii II. c. 5. 9

felony without benefit of detgy; and fa case such commander, matter con-mafleror other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall JJtc upon such demand made as aforesaid, not make a true discovery oTfeiony jy ift any other of the particulars aforesaid, such commander maater or other peraon having charge of such ship or vessel, for e- and not mak-very such offence shall forfeit the futri of two hundred pounds, ing a true dif-one moiety thereof to the King his heirs and successors, and the covery in o-other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, by |lier particu-action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's to forfelt courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every matter, commander or other person having charge Matter of a of any ship nr veffd which shall be ordered to perform quarentine as aforesaid, shall, after his arrival at the place appointed for 1t"ne?UarCn- the performance of his quarentine, deliver on demand to the chief officer appointed to fee quarentine duly performed there, tQ dcj.iver to such bill of health, and manifest, as he (half have received from the officer the any British consul during his voyage, together with his log-book bill of health, and journal, under penalty of forfeiting five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and successors, the ^nfui with other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, by thC log'-book action of debt, bill, plaint or information* in any of his Majesty's and journal, courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the under penalty proper courts of the isles of Guernsey, Jersey > Alderney, Sark or of 500

Man respectively.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That &c. if any commander, matter or other person having charge of any qUjtting the ship or vessel liable to perform quarentine, having notice there- vessel tefore of, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any quarentine Teaman or passenger coming in such ship or vessel, to quit such pCifrr ship or vessel, by going on shore, or by going on board any o- cence^j*ther ship, boat or vessel before such quarentine shall be fully performed, unless fa such cases, and by such proper licence as

(hair be directed or permitted by such order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, and the prevention of in-section as aforesaid; or in case any commander, master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall not, with- or not going in convenient time after due notice given for that purpose by to place the proper officer, cause such ship or vessel, and the lading jt0

thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for such or c 500 ship, vessel and lading to perform quarentine respectively; then, and in every such case, every such commander, matter or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, for every such offence shall forfeit five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or and them who will sue for the same; and also if any person shall so vcireUo be* quit such ship or vessel by going on (bore, or by going on board obliged by any other ship or vessel, contrary to the true meaning of thisorcc to re-act, it shall and may be lawful for all persons whatsoever, by turn*

any

IO

and to suffer imprisonment, and forfeit zool.

Lazarets may be erected on common or private grounds, making satisfaction to the proprietors.

In case of difference, the same to be settled by a jury at the

2uarterfef-ons.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6. [1753.

any kind of force and violence, to compel such person to return on board such ship or vessel j and every such person so quitting such ship or vessel shall for every such offence suffer imprisonment for the space of six months, and shall also forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety to the King, his heirs and successors, the other moiety to him or them that will fuc for the same; the same respective penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or infoi^nation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey^ Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice and consent of parliament, shall direct houses or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of persons obliged to perform quarentine, or for the depositing, opening and airing of goods and merchandizes liable to perform quarentine as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to erect the same either in any waste grounds or commons, or where such waste grounds or commons are not sufficient, in the several grounds of any person or persons whatsoever, not being a house,

Sark, garden, orchard, yard or planted walk, or avenue to a ouse, paying such rate, relit or consideration for the same ta the persons interested therein respectively, according to their several interests in the same, as shall be agreed on between the persons so interested, their guardians or trustees, and any two persons to be appointed for that purpose by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under his or their sign manual; and in case of any difference concerning such rate, relit or consideration between the persons so interested, their guardians or trustees, and such persons so to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors as aforesaid, then and in such cases the said persons so to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may and are hereby authorized, thirty clear days before any general quarter session of the peace to be holden for the respective counties or divisions where such grounds shall respectively lie as aforesaid, to give or cause to be given, to the occupier or occupiers of such several grounds, or to be left at their last places of abode respectively, a notice in writing, describing the quantity of ground so directed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice and consent of parliament, for the purposes aforesaid, and purporting that the relit or consideration of such ground will be adjusted and settled by a jury at the said sessions; and the justices at their said sessions, upon proof to them made that such notices have been given, shall and are hereby authorized and required to charge the jury which shall attend at the said sessions, or (bme other jury of twelve honest and substantial men (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the sheriff of the county, without fee or reward) and cause to be sworn, well and truly on their oaths to assess the value of the ground comprized in the said notices, and the relit or consideration to be given for the

II

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6.

same to the respective owner or owners thereof, according to their respective interests therein; which oath the said justices are hereby required to administer to the said jury, and to which said jury the said persons to be appointed by his Majesty, his his heirs and successors, and the parties interested in such ground shall have their lawful challenges $ and the said jury being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, after proper evidence on oath given to them, shall by their verdict assess the relit or consideration to be given for such ground to the respective owner or owners thereof, according to their respective interests therein; which verdict of the said jury, and judgment of the said justices thereupon, shall be conclusive and finally bind all parties; and that from and after such verdict and judgment, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall and may hold and enjoy such ground for and during all such time and term as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such rate, relit, or other consideration, as shall be agreed upon, or assessed and adjudged as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers to o-That the proper officers authorized to put in execution such or- blige all per-ders made or to be made as aforesaid, shall, and they are here- fonsto com-by impowered and required to cause and compel all persons o- {jenT or- bJiged to perform quarentine as aforesaid, and all goods and merchandizes comprized within any such orders made or to be made as aforesaid, respectively to repair, or be conveyed to fotrje of the said houses or lazarets, or to such other places as shall be provided for the reception of such persons, goods or merchandizes, or for the opening and airing of such goods or merchandizes, according to such order or orders made or to be made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person obliged persons^to perform quarentine as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or ne- fating to per-gleet to repair, within convenient time after due notice for that form quiren-purpose given to him, her or them, by the proper officer, to thetine» house, lazaret, or other place, duly appointed for him, her or them, or having been placed in such house or lazaret, or other place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the same before quarentine fully performed; it shall and may be lawful to and officers may for the watchmen, and other persons appointed to fee quarcn- compel them tine performed, by such force as the case shall require, to com- by force# pel every such person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into such house, lazaret, or other place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid; and every such person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within convenient time after persons escap-such notice as aforesaid, into such house, lazaret, or other place ing, &c. guilty appointed for him or her as aforesaid; and also every person of felony, actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

IX. And whereas disobedience or refraffory behaviour in persons under quarentine may be attended with great danger and inconvenience;

becuce.

be obliged to continue there, and perform quarentine;

and if he escape, to be guilty of felony.

12 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 6. [1753.

be it further enacted by the authority afore&kl* That all persons liable to perform quarentine, whether in ships, lazarets, or elsewhere, shall be subjec1, during the said quarentine, to such orders as they shall receive from the proper officers authorized to fee it duly performed; and the said officers are hereby im-p owe fed and required to enforce all necessary obedience to their laid orders; and may, in case of necessity, call in others to their assistance; and all persons so called are hereby required to aSift accordingly.

Sound rf And^xt farther enacted, That if any person not in-

enteringa la-S whhhe plague, nor liable to perform quarentine, shall

xarct, &c. enter any house, lazaret, or other place so appointed aaafore-where the in- said, whilst any person or persons infected with the plague, or te&ion it, to being under quarentine, shall be therein; and shall return, or attempt to return from thence, unless in such cases, and by such licence, as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made or to be made as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, or other persons appointed to guard or secure such house, lazaret, or other place so appointed as aforesaid, by such force as the case shall require, to compel such person so returning or attempting to return, to repair into such house, lazaret, or other place so Appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform quarentine: and in case such person shall actually escape out of such house, lazaret, or other place where he or she shall be so placed for performance of quarentine, before he or she shall have fully performed tht same, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit ct clergy.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any officer or "duty °cers his Majesty's customs, or any other officer or officers, so forfeit his person or persons whatsoever, to whom it doth or shall appertain, to execute any order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, or the prevention of insection, and notified as aforesaid, or to fee the same put in execution, shall be guilty of any wilful breach or neglect of his or their duty in that behalf, every such officer and person so offending shall forfeit his office or employment in the customs, or any other office or employment, and shall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the same, or to take a new grant thereof, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall or will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, respectively; and if any such officer or person shall embezzle, or shall knowingly and willingly damage any goods performing quarentine under his direction, he shall be liable to pay treble damages, and full costs of suit.

XII. And whereas certain species of goods and merchandizes are more especially liable to retain infection> and may be brought from

office, and tool.

and if he embezzle any goods, to pay treble damages.

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6. i j

places infested into other countries, and from thence imported into his Mcjcjlfs dominions in ships not obliged to perform quarentine; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such goods and Goods spe-merchandizes as are or shall be particularly specified for that to be purpose, in any order or orders, made or to be made concerning, quarentine, and the prevention of infection as aforesaid, which mall be imported into any of his Majesty's dominions, from any foreign country or place, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, shall be subject and liable to such order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, and the prevention of infection as aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That after quarentine shall have been duly performed by any ship or vessel, person or on proo^ persons, obliged to perform quarentine, according to such order that the vef-or orders made as aforesaid, and this act, and upon proof to be fel hath per-made by the oaths of the master, or other person having charge formed qu*-of such ship or vessel, and of two of the persons belonging to r€ntmc* such ship or vessel, or upon proof to be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the customer, comptrolr ler or collector of the port where such quarentine shall be performed, or the next port thereunto, or before any of their deputies, or any justice of the peace living near to such port, or where such quarentine shall have been performed within any of the said ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Mm, before any two jurats or magistrates of any of the said isles respectively,

which persons arc hereby authorized and required to administer iichoath) that such ship or vessel, and all and every such person and persons respectively, have duly performed quarentine as aforesaid; and that the ship or vessel, and all and every such that the same person and persons, are free from infection; and after producing is free from a certificate to that purpose, signed by the chief officer who fu- infedbon; perintended the quarentine of the said ship, then and in the said ^are from^tho respective cases such customer, comptroller or collector, or any officer &c# of their deputies, together with the said justice of the peace, 'or such jurats or magistrates as aforesaid respectively, are hereby the jj- an(| required to give a certificate thereof; and thereupon such ship mcn tobedif-or vessel, and all and every such person and persons so having charged, performed quarentine, shall be liable to no further restraint or detention upon the same account, for which such ship or vessel, person or persons, shall have performed quarentine as aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the officer be- fee to b« fore whom such oath shall be made, and by whom such certifi- taken, cate shall be given, shall for such respective oath and certificate demand or take no fee or reward whatsoever.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all goods, wares and merchandizes, liable to quarentine as a- complied°with foresaid, shall be opened and aired in such place or places, and for the airing for such time, and in such manner, as shall be directed by his of goods; Majesty, his heirs or successors, by such order or orders to be on made as aforesaid; and after such orders shall have been duly com- fic^£aft<* plied with, and a certificate thereof given by the chief officer ap- pro°

J4

the goods to be dMcharged.

Officer demanding a fee for such oath or certificate, to forfeit iool.

Superintend-ant of the quarentine, or watchman, acting contrary to their duty.

r officer giving a false certificate, to suffer death.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6. [1753.

pointed to superintend the quarentine and airing of such goods, wares and merchandizes, and proof shall be made thereof, by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the customer, comptroller or collector of the port, lying next to such place or places where such goods, wares or merchandizes, shall have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or any of their deputies, or any justice of the peace living near the same, or before any two jurats or magistrates of the said isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, (who are hereby authorized and required to administer such oath) upon certificate and return of such proof by such customer, comptroller or collector, or any of their deputies, or such two jurats or magistrates as aforesaid, (who are hereby respectively required to make such certificate and return to the of appointed for the management of the customs of Great Britain or Ireland, or to the governor or commander in chief, being upon the place, in the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark ox Man respectively) such goods, wares and merchandizes, shall be forthwith discharged from any restraint or detention upon the same account, ty order of the said of, or any two of them, or of the said governor or commander in chief of any of the said isles as aforesaid respectively; for every of which oath, certificate and order, no fee or reward whatsoever shall be demanded or taken.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any officer or other person shall demand or take any fee or reward whatsoever for any such oath, order or certificate, to be administered or made in pursuance of this act, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, by action ot debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of Guernsey, Jet fey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, in which case treble colls shall be allowed to either party as in other cases.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or other person appointed to fee quarentine duly performed, or any person placed or appointed as a watchman upon any house, lazaret, ship or other place, for performance of quarentine in pursuance of this act, shall desert from their duty when employed on the said business of quarentine, or shall knowingly and willingly permit or suffer any person, ship, goods or merchandizes, to depart or be conveyed out of such house, lazaret, ship or other place respectively appointed for performance of quarentine, unless in such cases, and by such licence, as are or shall be directed or permitted by some order or orders made or to be made as aforesaid; or if any person directed as aforesaid to give a certificate of a ship's having duly performed her quarentine or airing, shall knowingly give a fal& certificate; then and in every of the said cases, every such officer

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 6.

and person so offending shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons con-That if any person or persons shall knowingly or wilfully concealing or ceal from the officers of quarentine, or shall clandestinely con- conveying Ict-vey any letters, goods, wares or merchandizes from any ship ters or g<x>d* under quai'entine, or liable to perform quarentine, by any such from any ship order to be made as aforesaid, or from any lazaret or other place under quaren-where goods shall be performing quarentine, every such person ^y'l^aret to so offending shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without iufer death', benefit of clergy.

XIX. And whereas it is notorious, that notwithstanding the many good laws made to prevent the clandestine importation of cvfomable and prohibited goods and merchandizes, a pernicious trade of that kind is fill carried on, for the mof part in open boats or vessels of small burthen, which privately and in the night put into creeks and secret places on the coast, thereby escaping the observation of the officers of the customs, which practices may prove highly detrimental to the safety of these kingdoms during a time of insection; for prevention thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That During the m-when any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the iiles of Guernsey, fc&»°n in the Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or France, Spain, Portugal or mentione7m the Low Countries, shall beinfe&ed with the plague, it shall and (ma|i vessels may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give securi-by his or their proclamation to prohibit and restrain all small Vi not to touch boats and vessels, under the burthen of twenty tons, from failing or passing out of any port or place of Great Britain or Ireland, mentioned in or the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any a proclawv of them, until security be first given by the master of every such hon. boat or vessel respectively, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the customs, or the chief magistrate of the port or place from whence such boat or vessel shall fail, by bond taken to the King, his heirs or successors, with sufficient sureties, in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition that if such boat or vessel shall not go to, or toiich at any country, port or place to be mentioned for that purpose in such proclamation; and if the master or other person having charge of such boat or vessel, and all and every mariner and mariners, passenger and passengers going in such boat or vessel shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other ship or vessel at sea, and if such master or other person having charge of such boat or vessel shall not permit or suffer any person or persons to come on board such boat or vessel at sea from any other ship or vessel, and shall not, during the time aforesaid, receive any goods and merchandizes whatsoever out of any other ship or vessel, then such bond shall be void, or to such effect; for the making of which vessels failing bond no fee or reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case without such any boat or vessel for which such security shall be required by security to be such proclamation, shall set fail or pass out of any port or place for'cited of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any of them reflectively, before such security be given as aforesaid, every such boat or vessel so failing or parting out of any port or place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with her tackle, apparel and furniture, shall be forfeited to the King; his hi-rs ?.nd successors, and shall and may be seized, sued for, and recovered in his Majesty's court of exchequer at 1Westminster, -Edinburgh or Dublin % or in the proper courts of the ides of Gutrnfejy Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man respectively, to the Ofe of his Majesty, his ami the master heirs anc^ successors; and the matter of, and every mariner fail-and crew to ing in any such boat or vessel, being thereof lawfully convicted forfeitol. upon his or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, by one or more justice or justices of the peace where such offender shall be found (which oath such justice or justices of the peace are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offender shall be found; the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offend- er's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal or the hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; and for want of sufficient distress, every such offender shall by such justice or justices be committed to prison, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months; and in case any such offender shall be found in any of the said isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Many and shall be lawfully convicted or such offence in any action or suit to be founded on this act, in the proper court of any of the said isles where he shall be so found, such offender shall forfeit

Orders concerning quarentine to be read in dburchcs, See.

the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place whepe such offender shall be found; and in default of paying such penalty shall suffer imprisonment without bail or mainprize for the space of three months.

XX. And, to the end that all persons may know how to demean themselves in the premisses, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall make any order or orders concerning quarantine, and the prevention of insection, and notify the same by proclamation, or cause the same to hepublished in, the London Gazette, as aforesaid; such proclamation, or order or orders in council, as aforesaid, shall be-publickly read upon the next Sunday on which divine fetvice shall be performed after the receipt of the same, and the first Sunday in every month afterwards (during the time such orders shall continue in force) immediately after the prayers in all parish ehurches, and other places set apart for divinfc worship, within such epunties and places as shall be specified for that purpose in such proclamation or orders respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall -be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this present

1755.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 7, 84 17

act, the defendant or defendants in such action or fiiit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, bnd the special mat- General issue. ter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fane was done inpurfcance and by the authority of the said act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants (had have appeared; or if judgment shall have been given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and Tireble costs. hive the like remedy for the same, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Limitation of attainder of felony, by virtue of this act, (frail extend to work attainder of any corruption of blood or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, g^ny on tluf lands, tenements or hereditaments.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Commence-aforesaid. That this act, and the several clauses and provisions ment of this therein contained, shall commence and take effect from and after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

CAP. VII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. VIII.

An act for opening the port of Exeter for the importation of wool, and woollen yarn, from Ireland.

WHEREAS the opening of the port of Exeter for the importation of woof and woollen yam from Ireland, will be of great utility and advantage to the woollen wanufactures in the city of Exeter, and also in the neighbourhood thereof by rendering the conveyance of those materials more easy, cheap and expeditious, and may also be a means of increasing the importation of wool, and woollen jam from Ireland, into this kingdom: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefern parliament atiembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June one thousand wool. See. seven hundred and fifty three, it shall and may be lawful for any may be im-period or persons to import into the port of Exeter, any woo), ported from or woollen or bay-yam, wool-fells, shortlings, tnortlings, wool- J^of* flocks, and worsted-yarn, from Ireland; any act or acts of par- Ejfew j ° liament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Under the rs-said. That all such importations of wool, and woollen or bay- gulations yarn, wool-fells, shortsings, martKngs, wool-docks, and worked-yam, from Ireland, into the (kid port of Exeter, shall be Vo*. XXI. C mads

i 8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 9. [ijijj:

made from such ports only, and uodfr the famercAriftionsaad regulations in all respests, as wool or wpoUcn-yarn is now by

law permitted to be imported into the several ports of Biddaford, Bantstaple, Mineheai, Bridgwater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Qhejlet, Lwerpoole, Laucofter and Great Yarmouth* or any of them, and in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said port of Exeter had been particularly named for the importation of by iqSc it W. the said goods, in an act made in the tenth and eleventh years of 3. c. xo. the reign of the late King William the Third, (intituled, An act to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the wool* len manufactures in the kingdom ^England) or in any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever.

CAP. IX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery; and for regulating the said fishery according to the calendar now in use, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

ai Geo. t.c.is*

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty thxrd year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery, after impotver* big his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by letters patent, under the great seal of Great Britain, to incorporate fitndry persons in tie said act named, and fetch other bodies and persons, as in the said act are mentioned, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The Society of the free British fishery, for the purpose of carrying on and improving the British white herring fisherus \ it is, amenjrjl other things, enacted, That for an encouragement to fitch perfoiti 2s fiall become substribers to the flock for carrying on the said pfhirits, that the sum of three pounds by the year for each hundred pounds, which shall be actually employed in the said fishery, and proportionally for any greater or lesser sum, shall be paid to the proprietors of the said flock, for and during the space of fourteen years from the atiteof their charter, out of the customs, by the receiver general of his Asti-jeflfs customs, by equal half yearly payments, provided that the said society shall employ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, 'atmft, in the said fisherits, within the space of eighteen months after the date offuchfubfcrspt'm; and it is by the said act further provided find enacted, That such sum as shall bona fide be contracted to be paid within six months, shall be deemed employed within the sense and meaning of the said act, in case so much money of the said company as shall bejiiffuient to answer the said contra fts respectivety, shall at the time'of making the same, be in the bank of England7 and whereas, pursuant to the powers by the said act gtven to his said Majesty, a society by the name rf The Society of the free British fishery, hath been incorporated by charter, bearing date the eleventh day of October one thousand

*75$3 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c.g,

tstjdfifiy, Md. a vtry considerable sum of mo -

oqd paid in towards tarrying on the purposes offj^fdidift^ and char tar: W whereas the said society, in the car-of#5? $ ^fkd fishery ^d within the term of eighteen

mpthiy qfter the date of such fubfiription, or bona fide contract to bljtitd within the term of six months, allowed after the expiration fif such eighteen months^ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds* and uptfbfrdsy and actually had in the bank ^England, before the expi-r&ftdn if the said eighteen months, money sufficient to answer allJuch constdft$; but in regard the said society had not in the bank of England, at the respective times of making such contracts, money sufficient to answer the said contracts respectively, a doubt bath arisen whether the said society are, by the words of the said act, intitled to the interest of three pounds per cent, allowed by the said act, for such sum so by them expended or employed in the said fishery: and whereas, omdhgft other qualifications by the said act made necessary for obtain-mgaticmte and authority for the Jatd society: buffies or vessels to pro-eied on the said fi/ben, oath is to be made by such persons, as in the said uft mentioned, that it is their firm purpose and determined refo-lutiek* that such buffies or vessels shall proceed either /^Braffey's Sound in Shetland, and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery there, on or before the eleventh day of June, and shall not Shoot or wet their nets before the thirteenth day of the said month of June, and shall continue fishing as in the said act dire sted, to the first day of October, or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyllshire, and beat the rendezvous of the saidfi/heries on or before the first day of September, and shall cpfitinuefishing to the thirty first day of December, unless they shall have hotter completed their loading of fish which said several nominal daps by the late alterat ion made by law, in the Jupputation of time, ip thife kingdoms, will* for tie time to come, fall eleven days earlitr in the year than was intended by the said act: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the buffies or vessels employed by the said society in the ftfd fisheriesy arc by the said act obliged to have on board at their return into port from the jaidfishery, the same member of bands as they arc by the fata aft required to have on board at the rendezvous of such vessels i and also whether such vessels are at liberty to put into port between the intervals of the two fisheries, which are called the Shetland and the Yarmouth fisheries in order to change thir nets, and ot^enfiift to prepare for^ the secondfishery: and whereas it is further enaaefi by the said recited act, That every buss or veffiel of the bur-th&ejf sevenly tons, and designed for the said fi/bsry, shall, on her proceeding to sea, have on board one fleet of fifty nets, each net to be thirty yards full upon the rope, and Jeyenjaiboms deep, and so in proportion for any vessels of a greater or lejfir tonnage, and be provided with one other fleet of fifty like nets, on board a jagger or tender to attend the said fishery, or left on shore in a proper place fcK the use of such huss or veffiel \ which nets have been found by experience to be much too deep for (he Yarmouth fishery; t^eraore /or the putting, an end to such doubts, and for the fui£j*er ?nd better regulating the said fisheries, be it enalU pd npd declared; and it is hereby enacted and declared by

he ady)|C(j1

the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the adyjjc^ and content of the lords spiritual and temporal andfominbn^ in this present parliament assembled, and by the authoruvof The society same, That the said society are, to all intents ^uid purposes* in-

intitled to \ 1. titled to have and receive the interest of three, pounds by the per cent, interest

on the sums employed by them.

formable to the calendar now in use.

year for each hundred pounds employed in the said fishety, ap& proportionally for any greater or letter. sura, foriuch time apid> term of years, anil payable in such manner* as the said (bcietyp. would have been intitled thereto, in case so much money of i^jo said society as would Fr.ve been sufficient to answer their uid> contrails respectively, had, at the time of making the fama* been in the bank of England \ any thing in the said act eontjup-ed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. i,

The oath with

II. And be it further enacted by the authority a£arp(^d^ respeato the That from henceforth the oath and oaths by the said act require m fjrtSereii cc*° ta^cn» Wlt^ respe& to the said (evcral npmin^T|W^ dezvous. See. thereby appointed, for the rendezvous of the said societys; forthefocie- fes or vcuels, and for the commencement and duration.of [the, ty'svcficlt, to said fisheries, shall be varied and made conformable to theto^ formable^11ctlc^ar now , n u^e 111 l^e^e kingdoms; that is to say* That the a oath to be made in order to the procuring a licence to proceed on the said fhhery, shall import that it is the firm purpose determined resolution of the persons making such oath, that the buss or vessel applying for licence and authority to proeeed^on the said fishery, shall proceed manned, furnished and accoutred* in such manner as by the said recited act is required, and , npt, otherwise altered by this present act, cither to Brajfefs Sou$4 Shetland, and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery ^hereT on or before the twenty second day of June» and shall not (Ju>qi wet their nets before the twenty fourth day of the said mqojth of Juney and shall continue fishing as in the said act is tioiied, and not otherwise altered by this present act, unlcfspne^ vented by loss of mads or other unavoidable accidents, tath* twelfth day of October, or shall proceed to Campbell Argyllshire % and be it the rendezvous of the said fisheries before the twelfth day of Sept ember, and shall continue not being prevented as aforesaid, to the eleventh day ofjauum^ uttlefs they shall have sooner completed their loading of and that the oath by the said act required to be made by the re*, spective matters of the said buttes or vessels at their return ifuo port for their discharge, with respect to their having conformal to the several days appointed by the said act for the rendezvo\is of such buttes or vessels, and for the commencement and d{|<-ration of the f^id fisheries, may and shall from henceforth bp varied and made conformable to the alterations made by this present act in respect of such several nominal days.

The society

III. And be it further enacted, and it is further enacted and th* ^*1r ^ec^arec^ by authority aforesaid, That the said society shall soY per ton, not tootled to have and receive the bounty of thirty shilling* iherethe vef P*r ton by the said act given or allowed to vessels employed in lei returns the said fisheries, in respect of such vessels as shall return into With fewer port

Anno vicesimo sexto, Georgii II. c. 9.. 21

port at the end of the said fishery with a Jess number of hands, hands than tftaWfcch tentHsinquired by the said act to have on board at ^J8 rc<luire^ oftbpsaid focietyVvefTels, unless it shall jbe on

i^Je^bBea^Wat1 fudi number hath been reduced by death, or thSb ffion i$ occasioned by sickness or desertion, with-

odrarw defWhi fraycl or collusion on the part of the said society - 'Between the that it shall dnd may be lawful for the said bufTes or vef- j^eries fcHJ between the intervals of the said Shetland and 27/rwwMthevefleUmay fiffieries, to put into any port of Great Britain or Ireland for the put into port* pthkbfeofhanging nets, and otherwise preparing for such Yar-tmth fiftefy^\ any tiding in the said act contained to the contrary tftefrfcbf "in aOT'vrile notwithstanding.

*!IVi' And it is farther enacted and declared by the authority Second fleet aforesaid/That it shall and may be lawful for the said fecona of nett maybe fli^'bTWets by the said act required to be on board a jaggeror any depth tehdtay or to be left on (bore for the use of the said fishery 5

sffb^faich to be of any depth not under five fathoms; and that the^tertmeate and oath by the said recited act required to be mride fctid 'taken, touching the depth of the fishing nets to be ufijd in the said mhery, may and shall be varied and ma le conformable to the alterations by this present act permitted to be frfttfe in respect to the depth of such second fleet of nets |, any tKlhg'in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any Wlf^notwithstanding.

nJV. And whereas by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of V&Vrte majesty King George the First, (intituled, An act for re- sGco. i. c. if. bBtfeflhg the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts, and fiir better securing the duties on salt) after directing that all fa r^» ^British salt to be used in the cuting of fish for exportation shall, drt being landed, and during the intervals of the fshing seasonS) be IdUheWin a warehouse under the lock and key of 'an officer for the du-tfirfyisalt, at welt as of the proprietor of such Jalt, it is etidsted,

T90i such officers flat!, on such proprietors complying with certain tAidmqqt in the said act mentioned, deliver intq (hf foie custody of fab ft Sprit for^of his agent, all the said salt for the curing offish taken Shrfyfg'shesaid fshing Jeafon; and that at the end of everyfshing season fab officer shall take a particular account of the quantities of foreign BmifaTfrfr respectively remaining in hand) which is to be imme-diatelfftcied dtp in such joint custody as aforesaid\ and the proprietors

vfdit) dr their agents, using such salt as aforesaid, are by the ftdirefted) as fan as poffime after the rn' r

jm dft Sire ft ed) as fan as poffime after the end of every fshing sea-ffaftfdeliver an account in writing into, the office for the duty on salt mtbt Jh'td aft mentioned^ containing the quantity of fjh exported, or enltfoffiani shipped to be exported, on which the said salt taken aivay after* its delive/y info the foie cuffiody of such proprietors) or their agents, ha'h been used or consumed, together with certificates by the proper officers of the several ports where the said fish ivere shipped for exportation) verifying the said account y and by the fad aft a penalty of twrfity ]hillings is laid on such proprietors of salt, or their agents, for wiry bujhd of fa'Ii so taken out) which fall not

in fbe manner therein before,

be accounted for or otherwise, a f in the fad aft men* C3'ficncd.

29 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

[1753.

tioried, & which shall not hi returned, er found remaining at the end of every fishing fiafin in the cellars or warebeuses, as in the find aft X Geo. j. c.$. mentioned i and by another oft made in the eighth year of tie reigreef his said late Majesty, (intituled, An act for taking off the duty upon all salt used in the curing red herrings, and laying a proportion able duty upon all red herrings emuumed at home only* and for ascertaining the custotts and excile payable foe the sugar houses ip Scotland; and for making an allowance for iaft loftviri any harbour or river of this realm; and for the better fedaftog' the duties on salt delivered in Scotland) a penalty of ten fliUbgt per bushel is laid upon dll persons who flail have received and tbm* file custody any quantity of foreign or BritUh fahr duty frod, fiaf curing of fish for foreign markets, that shall not deliver to the proper officers yearly, within three months after the expiration of eadt tei-Jpeltive year, such accounts of the salt received as aflrtfaii, and of the fish cured therewith and exported, as the said act of the fifth I of his said late Majesty defeats, together with fitch Certificate as afore*-fata, verifying the find account: and by another act made in the eighth I Geo. a. c.i>, yiar reign of his present Majesty, [intituled, An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and whim herrings, for the further term of four years $ and for giving.jforther time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrasts of clerks and apprentices) after he* citing the said two several acts of the fifth jand eighth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, it is amongst other things tndfUd, That after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, no foreign salt fall be delivered over front fmhjpfnt. cujloiy into such Jolt custody as a fore said, for curing fish for rxpartja*, tton, except such proprietor, cr his agent, do give security as in ah said a fl directed, to account for such foreign salt in the terhn cfy knd according to the true intent and meaning of the said acts of the fifth and eighth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, or to aufwer the several penalties in the said aids directed to be recovered fram tbk proprietors offending again/} the said acts, or either of thehsoiapd Whereas the society of the free British fishery have used great quantise ties of foreign salt in the curing of white herrings, great potto soft thhich hath been exported, or sent to, and sold at foreign markets^ and the said society, as proprietors of such salt, or their agents, Mwl from time to time, on delivering over such salt from such joint sufioZFy as aforesaid, into the foie custody of such agents, given fuchfea*tef> as by the said act of the eighth year of his present Majesty is airested, touching the accounting for such foreign salt; but in regard that a-consideraMe part of such fish hath been flipped off immediately, foam sea, from on board the respective vessels employed in taking and curing the same, without being first brought into port, in order to fiacre better fate at foreign markets, before the arrival of the like cornmodi-ties from other nations, the fata society, or their agents, have not been able fully to comply with the directions of the said acts, touching the accounting for fitch part of the find salt, as bath been employed in the curing of such part of the (did fifl, as hath been fit font away to so*> /reign markets immediately from Jea, there being no prevision in the prefect

15^530 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 9. 23

feat iawt btwi and its taint manner, and by whom, the shipping tf ftuh. ffi mmtdiatrfyfrcm fta for foreign wrifedt

ipberfay liefud.fittitji.tr their ggents\ who ha given such fiatfity-

as refere/asA, art ir wid itome Habit to bt find an their

tUmfiKd^ fig tiefederal penalties in/USef by the said alls rf the-fifik and eighth year: of his fa: d late Majesty j and the faciety

OMllyin.ihe fdrtd& proficuttanof the said fi/bery, be exptfed t» the*

famUcJifSddtyunhfe /me remedy be pro its respect thereof:

beaeitatefiwetfna&al and declared, and it is hereby enactedaad dfclaiod by the authority a fore said, That the quantity of such The quantity white borings as have already been lent, or which hereafter Vent to fififil fresent, by the skid society, or their agents, to foreign mar- foreign mar-boG^kn mediately fromfca, without being urst brought into port, keta, without foil Wascertainedand made appear by the oath of the society's £emS first flmtemtdodant of the said hfhery!, to be"made before one or more Erf.

d^Ms Majesty's juAices of the peace, or an officer for the duties cerrained by oiHstlt, who are hereby empowered and required to adtnintftep the oath of the-finne^ and a certificate or certificates wider the hands of thehe f°ciety'* focnataryand acoomptant of the said society, purporting, that k ' ^"nTthe apptard by letters or accounts from the corrofpondenu or agents certificate of qfrtheL said society, to whom such fish mentioned in such affida-their secretary vit'were oOn % ned, that such fish have come to the hands of and accorap-such.correspondents or agents, or otherwise that such fish havetant* been loft at lea.

vVL And it- is hereby further enacted and declared by the au- Such affidavit thorny aforesaid. That such affidavit and certificates shall be ad- and certificate mittedand taken to all intents and purposes, as evidence to ve-°.beadnut' rifipthequantity of such fish so already sent, or hereafter to b*te*fekt away immediately from Tea as aforesaid s any thing in the hud reared acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary, thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

tvVTL And whereas the place appointed by the said act for the reth* ddsau&us of the vefilr employed tn the feddffiiries^ on the first day of September has been in many cases very inconvenient \ be it there* Veffcb which flmenacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vessels built and^* ren^5z* flttadout in the mantier required by the said act, which shall ^blniiti^ ceaAnvou* at Kirkwall in the Orkney islands on or before the to the boun? tjwcHthday of September, and shall continue to be employed Ji* tie*.

Wring among the (hnals of herrings, as they move, to the eleventhday of fomar^ unless the loading of such vessels be &oacr eompieated, Audi (in case alt the other regulations and aondkions prescribed by the said act be observed and performed witk nefipeft to such vessels) be intitled to the bounties granted bp the said act, in the same manner as if such vessels had rety* dcavmifed at Campbell Town, in like manner, and at the time rokpnrad bjr the said act.

nVIII. Provided always*, That no fishing vessel employed in No vessel obli-the white herring fishery, shall be obliged to carry to the latter g«d to carry hflting more than one fleet of nets; any thing in the said act to ffrhing more thi contrary in any wise notwithstanding. than one fleet

" 'vft^w. j

of nets.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 10. [1753.

t&9w,

c. »9.

CAP. X.

An act for enlarging the time, and continuing the duties granted by several acts of parliament for repairs of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the county of York; and for making the said acts more effectual.

WHEREAS by an act of

eighth and ninth years of the reign of bit Kfidg

William the Third, intituled An act for the repair of the pict* of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the east riding of the of Tori, it was amengfi other things, mailed. the jirjl dap of May one thousand six hundred and ninety /even* et*d before and until the first day of May one thousisud /even

four, the duties therein mentioned Should bt paid for the rebtdhhug, repairing and amending the said piers j tou>it, one farthing for attap chaldron of coals, that during the said term be laden au theaed any ship, hoy, bark or other vessel, at or in the port ^Newcastle upon Tine, or at Sunderland, Blythe, Seatea-$luice, Culler-Coats* or any other port, harbour, or pact that was or was. reputed to be a member of the port of NevtcalUej to be paid Jo such persons and in fuco manner as by the said act; und.ky another act made and passed in year of the reign of'bit-late

i&o. i.f.M, entgefiyKing George the First, referring to the said former act, all

"Wr the duties thereby granted and made payable, and <lmfe, usn*ter

and thing therein contained were revived and enodej, and diraOad to be continued and paid for fourteen years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, until tbctuumty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty: jeeod whereas by one other act made in the fifth year of the reign of his « Geo. ».c.io.foidlate majesty King George the First, intitules. An act for enlarging the time granted by two acts of parliament for repairs erf the piers of Bridlington, alias; and for-tnalpng tips

said acts more effectual; it is thereby {amongst ether things} treacted, That the said act passed in the and ninth years , of jjee reign of his JaidlaU majesty King William Third, She

powers thereby given, for charting, raifpig, levying, eflllfdag and disposing of any sum or sums of money, for or towards repairing or rebuilding tin said. pien of Bridlington, alias Burltngton, jhotold from and after the twenty fourth dap of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, continue and be in full tenen

of twenty five years $ and, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and

thirty six years, the several additional rates and duties therein mentioned, foyer and besides the duty and duties granted and

aforesaid, or payable before the passing of the same act) be

fed, levied, coUeSfeiandpaid', for repairing and lengthening the said piers as and in manner therein and whereas by another ati

made, and passed in the seventh year of the reign of his said latfinfs-p Geo. i. c. George the First, intituled, An act for the betted preserving and keeping in repair the pta* of the town and port of

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. it*

Whitby in the county of York; apd for explaining and making more effectual the several k£U paired for lengthening and repair-MgAt^ictf^ofrSrMingKri, af&t Bbliogtcn, in the said county;

-in\tmnq/lvibtx ^bhtgexuafltd, fheirthe to&t£Ur and collefions, or the allegingand running said

tiesbythejeufofl, IfMf fifth year of -of his said hue majesty King George the First, impofeaand made payable at the said part

if Bridlington, alien Burlington, werf thefieby t»

tiirfcuyship or vessel'Within the said port of Bridlington, alias 'Btftlfcf^tdn -i ttrid take account of, and demand and receive the said

'fittiift, mid fW^orifayment to dishain for the same in manner therein riirisMUecti 'and that the trafiees appointed for putting in execution the fiid, r*tfied'eiflil at-any five or more of them, are thereby impowered wbpfHhtiforhperfiU as they shall think, with such annual salary tat^fthi find duty as they flail think fits not ten pounds a

fO0ffor the better govermng and managing the port or harbour of BrtdHhgtOft^ W^to^eBurlington, such manner as in the said OH fmettionedarii dsrelted: Ond whereas, although the money fWndbf duties gtunted by virtue of the said recited and other tortfdtrable sums of money, raised by a tax upon the lands with-

'bhthemnOr«/"Bridlington aforesaidhave' from time been

'iojimt-irnd applied he the repairing, rebuilding and enlarging the faU fursof Bridlington, alias Burlington ', same bits

mtbteiffefficient to juppott, maintain and keep the same in good or- > 'kertsnd repair; and by means of several violentforms, the same is in a decaying and ruinous condition, and in imminent danger its khg'Iejt and itfroyeds and there is now a msiderable debt due updH the credit of the said acts; and as the terms for which^feifr duties were granted by the former acts> will expire on the ttobtffoQrtb day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty five y MdW is bnpcffibte that the said purs can be effectually repaired and unless ihesaid duties he continued for a further term of fasttywetborttjp of parliament: to the end therefore that the said the port and harbour of Bridlington aforesaid, which Ms^been of fefeat-fefvJce to navigation, and of great use and be-the be maintained, Tupported and preserv*

it ptatfe your Majesty, that if may be enabled, l£c;

ty.3-^9- and s & 7 Geo. 1. continued far 55 year*, from ice. New Irufttej to be elected in the room of such m shall et or refule to act. Trustees impowered to set up a crane 011 the key of tfleb&rtKWr, and-to remove any foil, &c. to make the passage to the bar-boor toibnfodiou*. VefiH* belonging to Great Yarmouth excepted from the duties.

CAP. XI.

An act for permitting the exportation of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, from any port in Ireland, to any port in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the permitting of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, to be exported only from certain ports in Ireland to certain ports in England, is not of so great and advantage to the

26 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 12. [1753.

trade of this kingdom, as it would be if all the ports in Great Britain and Ireland were opened for that purpose; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Woot, and rity of the same, That from and after the fifth day of June in woollen or bay the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-export^ from three, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to anyport in export from any port in Ireland, any wool, or woollen or bay Ireland into yarn, wool-fells, shortlings, mortlings, wool-flocks and worftea yarn' to any Portn Great Britain; any act or acts of parlia- Urc tui am} jnent to t^c contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such exportations and importations of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, wool-fells, shortlings, mortlings, wool-flocks and worsted yarn, from any port in Ireland into any port vroder the re-n Great Britain, shall be made under the same reftrkftions and ftriaions en- regulations, and in the same manner in all respeAs, as wool or flW* woollen yarn is now by law permitted to be exported from Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kinfale, Cork, Drogheda, New Refs, Newry, Wexford, Wicklow, Sligoe, Limerick, Gallway and Dundalk, and imported into the several ports of Biddeford, Barnstaple, Minhead, Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Chester,

Liverpoole, Lancaster and Great Yarmouth, or any of them.

CAP. XII.

An act to prevent wines imported into any of the out-ports of this kingdom, being afterwards brought into of London, or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty.

WHEREAS the duties payable by law on imported firm foreign parts into any of the out-ports of ibis kingdom, art lefi than the duties parable on witu imported into the port of London: and whereas fiubwines os art fa any of the out*' ports, for which duties are paid there, and which are afterwards brought to the port of London by certificate, ore by law habit to the payment of so much more fnbfidy as is Short of the duty due in the part of London: and whereas great of wine have if late Petto

brought into London and places thereunto adjacent, by land without payment of the difference of the duties', and

in many cases wine is so brought into London without payment of any duties, to the great prejudice of the publick revenue, and the detriment of the fair merchants of this kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

No wine ex- That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one ceeding io thou find seven hundred and fifty-three, no wine of any fort ex-galions, im- ceeding the quantity of ten galions, which at any time shal| thewt-Mrts k*ve teenP©rt*d from foreign parti into any out-port of tbiq ^*ldngdom,

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. n. 27

kfogtoa,: Avail be brought, removed or canried from such out- to be brought rather from any other port or place whatsoever, either by to London, or I^ or by watoar, into theport of London, or the member*^ilM of the tfempf, or to apy place whatsoever within the distance of twen- royal ex-tyjjitafrpin tbftjRtfjttf/ Exchange of Landau, before the owner or change, with-proprietdr of such wins shall have paid unto the collector, or out paying the other proper officer of the customs nearest to the place from London July* whence fofb wine i* intended to be removed, the duties payable iaany of the out-port*, and also the difference of the rtipe&ive 4«tie« payable there; and in the port of London., on the importa-tiefchlE speh wine t and if any quantity of wine exceeding in Wine.exceed-bottles three dozen, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten galions, ing in bottles QMU »t one and the same time, and in one and the lame carri- 1 "en* °'jm age be brought, removed or carried, either by land or by wa- ^"bro^ht tar, into the post of London or the members thereof, or to any in the same whatsoever within twenty mile9 of the fakl Royal Exchange, carriage to tttboet a certificate from such collector or other proper officer L?"^on>or customs* expressing the quantity and quality ofmilesof the and certifying, that as well the duties payable upon exchange, the first importation of such wine at any of the out-ports, as without acer-tha^flfa^nce between the said duties, and those which are due

port of London, on the importation of such wine, have ortcltca» bctfMfoly paid and satisfied, or that the same was wine fold for Cilvaget, or that the same has been compounded for or condemned, such wine shall be forfeited and lost, together with the casks and vessels containing the same, and shall and may be feiaedby any officer or officers of the customs, and prosecuted i^uch manner as, any uncustomed wines maybe seized and prosecuted.

.'Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-If after pav-fordaid, That if after the removal of any such wines, and after ment of the payment of the duties payable thereon in any of the out-pons* duties, the aadidfo* of the difference of the respective duties payable there wines shall be on the*importation of such wines, and before the same shall be bmught into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to Jhey be ahy place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from brought into the Rofyl Exchange of London, such wine shall happen to be ftav- the port of cdypr to be loft, or peristi, the Commissioners of his Majesty's catenas, or any three of them, shall, (proof being made upon b^d^of oath to their satisfaction, that such wines have been so flaved, or the differen-bave.bofcn loft or perished as aforesaid) cause repayment to bece. nude to the owner or proprietor of such wine, of io much money at the difference of the duties payable for such wines in any out-port, and in the port of London shall amount to, such repayment to be made out of any of the duties or customs payable oa wines imported.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.c. i£. £ 17^3.

Cap. XIII.

An act for the more effectually preventing lie jratfJWK'meval of tobacco by land or water\ and for the east of the fair trader in tobactd \ and for afiertaining the ratesfsay-able for the portdge of certain letters \ and for 'dtderi£ing and explaining the laws relating to the file ofspirituous liquors by retail., M '{j j"°

WHEREAS the several provisions fir preventing the ftbUftk* lent removal of tobacco by land or watery contained mdndct made in the twenty fourth year of his present Mahfifs reign, itititit-14(7*0.£* c. 41. kd$ An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco, have commencement from the twenty ninth day ^September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one: notwithstanding which provisions, such tobacco as was imported' before that time* hath beep or may be removed by land or water, otherwise than by the said ak is directed, inasmuch as the same having been imported before that Unit, cannot be subjecJ to the regulations prescribed by the faii acti and whereas the continuance of this liberty may encourage tie importers or pojftfiors of uncufiomed tobaccoy to pretend that the same was impdrfed biforethe said twenty ninth'day <7/*September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and under that pretence, tobacco import Afihie that time, and tobacco falls Jlripped, and snuff manufactured there - from; may be removed otherwise than by the said act is directed, to the great prejudice both of the publick revenue and of the fair 'tradCT:: o and whereas it rhay reasonably be supposed, that all such tobacco is Was imported and Was flock in hand before that time, hdthUtkn Or might have been firice disposed of: now, for preventirigTrauds e-jjually injurious to the publick revenue and the fair trader*' be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and corn-raons in this present parliament assembled, and by the a&lrtt-No tobacco rity of the same. That from and after the first day of JunO'&nt imported be* thousand seven hundred and fifty three, no tobacco irTi^or to- into Great Britain before the said twenty ninth day of September bacco (talks one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and no tobacco (talks Gripped, or stripped, or snuff manufactured from tobacco so imported, 41&I1 re: be permitted to be removed by land or water, upon paitVtlvat wwaterfon tobacco, tobacco (talks or snuff*, so removed, (h^H be

penalty of for- forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, and after temire, &c. condemnation burnt and destroyed by such persons, and in fifth manner and form, and with such rewards for seizing the same, as by the said act is directed in relation to arty tobacco, tobacco fta&B or snuff, on the removal whereof certificates are by the said a £t required.

Tobacco, &c.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

removed in it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of the customs greater quan. or excise to seize and prosecute any tobacco, tobacco (talks or 2a alloyvs11* which shall be removed from one place to another in greater

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 13. 29

quantities than by the said act. arc flowed, and shall not be withoat acer attended with such certificates as by the said act are required; m^l

ah* liibifUbfihWtYi^'febaccc), toWiccolftifts or (huffhad tnbWn'retkoTed from , rhe. port ofimppr ration with a proper hadbem re-arid ^ntforduties. payable thereon had been paid or moved with a fcl^tt^fh^H be qppn; the claimer orclaimers of thq tobacco, certificate. tobacco. ffalks and (huff so seized, and not, upon the officer or l° , be 0, 1 the officers to fazing and prosecuting the same. c a, mer*

III. Provided always, That nothing in this or in the said act provif0for the

contained, shall extend to prohibit the exportation to parts be- exportation of yond the fcas of any' tobacco which hath been imported before tobacco im-djc, twenty ninth daiyof September one thousand seven hundred po, |^tb*fore and $k one, and shall be exported at any time before the twen- P*" ,sl'

ty qlftth day o f Stpttmberone thousand seven hundred and fifty

four, from any port where the same shall be on the first day of Ju4t one thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

IV. Provided a)so. That if on the back of any certificate to The inn from he, granted by virtue of the said act for removing or carrying whence any any tobacco, tobacco stalks or snuff by land, the inn from whence ^ried*to the hme shall be carried shall be described, such certificate shall be inserted in-bq as effectual to all intents and purposes as if the name of thostead of the pfripnby whom the lame shall be carried or conveyed were in- carrj1er'£ n*1"* ferted thereon; any thing in the said act to the contrary thereof

in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, That every certificate so be granted by vir* Certificate for tue of the said act, for removing or conveying tobacco, tobacco removing to-tUik % or fauff, so be carried by land or by water from one port bact° not ne' or jdapeto another, shall be and be deemed a proper certificate tain^ehn-" ^fftpufpose^ although in such certificate the name or names porter's name, of thf picrfon 'br persone by whom the said tobacco was imported, jot byfWhom the duties payable thereon were paid or feou*

Jbgfiot inserted therein, so as every other requisite directed

tyqfbf feid ad, in case of suchremovai, be observed, and tho u»ff\£.qr names of the importer or importers of such tobacco, be te^ipjtd and expressed in the bill or bills from, which foeb cer-

ufeafosare, ky the accustomed manner, prepared % such bill«f*,

delivered to the collector. or other chief officer>or q^erfj^ the port where the said tobacco shall have been iott ., i»

P9Rqdi, aoy thing in, live said act to the contrary thereof in any; -

#(j notwithstanding. k J

kJ^rovklpd also, That (he second purchaser of any entire s^c^d^iicv: , ofunmanufactured tobacco (haJi and may be rathkd chafer of m < a certificate, on the removal ofany such to*.bogiheadI of b*^tor£f. any flalka dipped, or any /huff or maoafe&used ^obawo11* ttfeapep -wde therefrom, by land or by w*ten, in like manner ipitied to a as certificates by the said act are directed to be granted to the certificate on first purchaser from the importer; and that in aII such certifi- l£e r*m0f*U cates so to be granted to such second purchaser of any entire hog- c'

(head or hogsheads of such tobacco, the name of the importer or importers, feller or fellers thereof, may.be omitted, provided that the feller to such second purchaser shall have delivered to

the

3*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c4^|f

eon btrmtvered % mthm the Smks of the head office of

bjfere 0fufth or justices of the peace; it is theroby mclaredftp^ tmafki^ j That the said penalty may be recovered) and euey person' rituous liquors without a licence within the limitt Of the fie* may be convicted before any ju/iia of thefopafor ty or liberty, where the offence shall be committed, as wm, afhffore the commissioners of excise; and that ftuh penalty Jhcil not in any case, either by the said commissioners or justice of the peace* be mitigated fir, reduced below the sum of five pounds: and whereat* notwithstandinsf v the last recited claufey it may be doubted whether the justices of tSt[ ( peace acting in the several places which are not within the limits of if >t under the immediate care> inspection and management of the said beoft, office of excise, may not mitigate or reduce the said penalties of te$, The penalties pounds below the sum of five pounds: now to obviate such doyht, ot to I. inflict- be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That tpe dtetfaft* "not^of ten pounds shall not in any case be mitigate^j

to be mitigat-or educed-below the sum of five pounds, either by the com-, cd below 5*i. missioners of excise, or the justices of peace, whether suchjuf- t tices aft within or without the limits of the said head offiqe of ', excise*

*4 Geo. t.cw|o. X. And whereat by one other clause in the find all of parliament?t \, made in the twenty fourth year of his present Majeflf s reignf it is enabled, That no licence for the Jelling by retail of spirituous liquor

shall be granted within the limits of the head office of excise in Ton -'don, but to such as shall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly \ value of ten pounds or upwards, and for.which they shall. accordingly be rated) and pay in the parish rates; and that no licence shall be of t'any avail to any person not so qualified, or for any longer time tbrfq] ' the person so lictnfed shall be qualified as aforesaidj but shall be qbjff lutely void: and whereas it is the true intent and meaning of the said x clause, that no licence for retailing spirituous liquors be granted with- j in the limits of the head office of excise in London, to any person but [ to fitch as are sufficient and of ability to occupy a tenement or tene-. mints of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards; and such rate and payment to the church and poor % is intended only as an additional*proof of such sufficiency: and whereas within the limits of the' head office of excise in London, there are several persons who keep ta-'veruS) victualling-houses) inns, c effie-houses or ale-houses, for which^they pay considerably more than ten pounds a year) but such persons are not rated, and do not pay accordingly to the church and poor'for the same, such taverns* v id nailing- houses, inns, coffiee-houses andf ale-boufeS) being situate in places where occupiers of houses or ten t- ments are not rated or rateable to the church and poor; be it ena&^d" Commission- by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty / ert, &c. with- fourth day of June onejhoufand seven hundred and fifty three, in the limits of jt shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's commissioners fice^aygrant exc*fc» tlK* their officers respectively, within the limits of the'licences to said head office of excise in London) to grant and deliver licences persons relit- for the retailing of spirituous liquors, pursuant to the directions ing houses of Of (be said several acts of parliament made in the sixteenth and jinm tbo"not tV^nxy fourth years of his present Majesty's , reign, or either of*»_ thexji

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c< tj. 33

ihtrtf/'ft/any pedkhsr jpetfohs frftMt* At limits of the said rated to tha hcjJ dUkt of excHr 1st London, applying for such licence or li^Poor* ceim^tfticS IhSrll at the time of his, her or their application fortnrlSufh*, fft) thy tenement situate m any place where the ocApkr* of hoofed or tenements are net rated or rateable to the chufen and poor, keep a tavern, vidhiaHing-house, inn, coffee^ hoofeor afe-house, for which hi* (We or they respectively shall* to thefttisfottion of tHfe said comtiiiffieners of excise, make it apjfcar that he, she or they, do really and bona fide pay the full yearly-relit or sum of twelve pounds or upwards, without any deduction or abatement whatsoever, although the person or perform so applying for such lidence or licences be not actually rated, and do not pay to the church and poor for the lame accordingly.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, Person# To 11*

That every person to be licensed for the retailing of spirituous censed, to* liquors, pursuant to this act, shall be subject to all other provt- jawiThi force fions of the several laws now in force, in any wise relating to the f

retailing of spirituous liquors, or to the licensing the retailers

thereof, and on breach of the said provisions, or any of them,

shall be subject and liable to the like penalties, forfeitures and punishments, in the same manner as other retailers of spirituous liquors now are; and all and every person and persons author rized to put the said laws in execution against the offenders adding contrary to them, or any of them, are hereby authorized and required to put the said laws and each of them in execute on, agiinft every person to be licensed as aforesaid who shall offend against the said laws, or any of them.

XII. And whereas in and by one other clause in the said act of i4G«o.a.c. 40, parliament made in the twenty fourth year of his Majesty's reign, it.is

enabled* That from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no person whatsoever, being a common brewer of ale or beer, or inn-keeper, disliller, or other feller of or dealer in any kind of spirituous liqvorY, or who is or are or shall be interested in any of the said trades or buftnesses, shall during such time as he or tbtf /boll he such common brewer, inn-keeper, disliller, or other feller of or dealer in spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades or bujine/fes, be capable or have any power to act, or shall be directlyaer indirectly concerned in afttng as a jujlict of the peace, in any mattet or thing whatsoever which shall any ways concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by any act or acts of parlia* meat in any wise relating to distillers or makers of low wines, spiritt or strong waters for sale, or to the duty or duties imposed upon low wines, fipirits or Jirong waters, or any other kind of spirituous liquors whatsoever, or to the granting licences to the retailers of spirituous liquors: and whereas notwithstanding the last recited clause, it is doubted whether common brewers of ale or beer, or inn-keepers, it/\ tiliers, or other fellers of or dealers in any kind of spirituous liquors, or who are or shall be interested in any of the said trades or buftnesses, being justices of the peace, may not grant licences to the retailers of beer or ale, which licence is one of the necessary reqwfues to iettiuo Voi.XXL D such

34 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. tj(i r*752*

such retailers to apfty J, jbr' a*licence to t

whereas it is reasonable that such perfins, cctidaljo malfters, being justices of the peace, Should be Refrained fromgrbdt-. a. iV //rr/tftt to retail beer and ale\ be it declared andemfretfBy

vera, iiln? authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tWehty keepers! distii- day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty thfe&r riO lers, visual- justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or Icr* or mal- deeper or distiller, or other feller of or dealer in ale or'aii^itp hfbfted from^ spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the fold traddtfl

granting li- businesses, or being a victualler or malfter, shall during fi&h cences for fell- time as he shall be such common brewer, inn-keeper, dttffi-in<r fer, victualler or mailer, or other feller of or dealer m' iK jJr

spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades dr to-finefies, be capable or have any power to grant any licfertcd1^-licences to any person or persons whatsoeve^, for felling ale,or any other liquors by retail 5 and in case kny such jiifti justices shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning fherfc6f> presume to grant any such licence, the same shall beaftdis hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, 1"

ing ale, &c. or spirituous liquors.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the settling and ascertaining the fees to be taken by clerks to justices of the peace.

WHEREAS some doubts have arisen touching the fees due io of justices of the peace: and whereas it would tend to tftP&e execution of the laws, and to the ease of the subject, that the 'jfePto be taken by the said clerks Should be ascertained; be it therefore exacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with^ftie advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the aut&o^ity Justices to set-of the same. That the justices of the peace throughout That tie a table of part of Great Britain called England, at their respective general fees to be tak- quarter sessions of the peace, to be held next after the Wtt^iy en by their fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fist^L

c cr $'Thast, and they are hereby required to make and settle a famdpf

the fees which shall be taken by clerks to justices of the peacV^Wh-in the county, city or other division, for which such respective general quarter-sessions shall be held j and such respective tabjfcs of fees, being approved by the justices of the peace at thdfrcjct succeeding general quarter-sessions of the peace for such couhfy, city or other division, with such alterations as such justices cff me to be ratified peace so assembled shall think proper, shall be laid before the by the judges judges at the next assizes, or at the great sessions for the^Witi-ofaflize. cipality of Wales, and counties palatine of Chester, Lancasterfnd Durham, for the respective county, city or other division \7 and the said judges are hereby authorized and required to riatify and confirm such respective tables of fees, in such manner and $>rm as the same shall be made, settled and approved of by the ftiid justices, or with such alterations, additions or abatements, as speh judges shall appear to be just and reasonable j and it

(ti all

1253.] i^o, vifpf}ma, fe3ceQ Georgii II. c. 14; $5

Wall au<jf majbe, lawful for, the said justices of peace, in their Justice* may

assembled^ from time to time to make*^*1*"ta*

fees to be taken, instead of the fees contain- esoMccsi

j^dlw the t^e wh^ch shall have been ratified and confirmed by

atlcI after the same shall have been approv-

1^(p]^c^pfhthc peace at the next succeeding general to be ratified

"; |n manner as. aforesaid, to lay such new t^blem the same

r^the judges at the next assizes, or at the great fef- manilcr*

re t jluW ffa principality of Wales and counties palatine of Chef-

'fywrfier apfd bvrhqm'* >vho are hereby empowered and au-

Y pted ^o ajpprpve, apd ratify the same in manner as aforesaid,

ey^thinkfu>, tyft nq table of fees to be made and settled by

retpe&ive justices of peace, shall be of any validity or

L^hatloever until, the same shall be ratified and confirmed

he said judges

he it, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty of id.

it at any tmfojfter space of three calendar months from the on clerks tak-

such table of foes shall be made and ratified as afore-inS other fees.

feii^ jtPy clerk or clerks to any justice or justices of the peace,

or stay person or persons acting as such, shall, under pretence

of any matter or thing done, transacted or performed by such

justice or justices in the execution of his or their office or offi-

4*V undone, tran&fted or performed by such person or persons

as clerk or clerks to such justice or justices, demand or receive

py cuhef or greater fee than shall have been ascertained, fati-

f>d confirmed in manner as aforesaid, such person shall for

(pch offence forfeit and pay twenty pounds to any person

foe for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or in-

WH; in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West*

p^herein HQ essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law,

ye t^jan one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

a, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* T w f -

jpt^ljhe tables of fees which shall be made and settled, and fecs to be dc-

and confirmed from time to time as aforesaid, shall bepofited with

yifith the clerk of the peace for the respective county, clerks of

qr ptl\ty division j and each of the said clerks of the Peacegnd c^les

fqiu/e jtfcue and exact written or printed copies of the said thereof to be

" fobe placed and to be kept constantly in a conspicuous placed in the

f$tie room or place where the general or quarter fefliorts room where

the sessions are

jfKjrp than oi>e imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

I\f.V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authq- Limitation of fity aforesaid. That all suits and actions which shall be brought actions. tt^mmeuced by virtue of this act, shall be brought before (h^iend of three months after the offence committed, and not

ni: -": >nu,

c. is.

5 Ann. c. 29.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C> 15- [rygj*

Cap. xv.

An act for allowing inttrefi upon certain debentures for ibe bounty granted on the exportation of corn.

WHEREAS ? made in the first ytqr of the reign of King William a til Queen Mary, intituled, An act for foe, encouraging the exportation of com, it is enabled* Thqt when malt or barley* Winchester measure, shall be at twenty four Jbil* lings per quarter* or under* rye at thirty two shillings per quarter* or under* wheat at forty eight shillings ptc quarter* or under* in any port of England or Wales, every merchant* or other person* who shall put on shipboard* in such manner as by the said act is* directed* any forts of the corn aforesaid* with intent to expert tjx same to parts beyond the seas* and shall bring a certificate in writing under his hand* containing the quantity and quality of the sens Jo, shipped* to the farmers* of* collsflors* or other, peifm appointed to colie ft the duties and rates arising by customs within any such port* shall* upon such proof of the said certificate* and agon giving such bond as by the said act is required* have and receive from such farmers* commissioners* coUeflors* or other persons* in any port respeflwely where the same corn shall be so shipped* for every quary. ter of barley or malt* ground or unground* two/hillings andfix pence*, for every quarter of rye* ground or unground* three shillings and fx: pence if or every quarter of wheat* gound or unground* five JbA- bugs \ of which films every such commissioner*farmer or etbff, person* is thereby authorized and required* upon demand by such superter* to make present payment accordingly: and whereas by a chmfc in an act made in the same fe/fion of parliament* intituled, An act for an additional duty of excise upon beer, ale and other liquoii* the benefit and advantage by the said first mentioned act given to $t exporters of com from any port in England or Wales, ./; also grantr ed in like manner to the exporters of corn from the town and Portof Berwick upon T weed: and whereas by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of £)ueen Anne, intituled, An act for eale ofher Mayfly's subjects in relation to the duties upon salt; and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flefti, oatmeal, and grain called beer, alias bigg, as are to be made upon the exportation of the like from Scotland; St iL among/! other things* enabled* That for all oatmeal* or grain calif J beer* alias bigg* which shall be exported from any port of England* Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyendth't seas* by any merchant or other person or persons wnatfiever* there shall be the like Praemium given upon the exportation thereof as is to given (by the articles of union) upon the exportation of oatmeal orbeer from Scotland; by which articles of union it is provided* That seeing by the laws of England there are rewards granted upon thj/ex-s portation of certain kinds of grain* wherein oats grinded or ungrinded are not expressed* from and after the union* when oats fiafi be. sold at fifteen shillings sterling per quarter* or under* there /bailie^ paid Pm shillings and six pence sterling for fvqry jpuprter fj

2 '*' meet

Ahn<?viedimo sexto Geonaii IT. c. 15. 37

meal exported in the terms of the law, whereby and so long as rewards art granted fir the exportation of other grain, and that the beer of

b£v*\the same rewards as barky: and whereas by another 5 Ann. c. 29. clause in the fold act made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, it is enabled, That every merchant, or other person, exporting maUPt made of iahtat; shall have and receive for every quarter of malt fftfide ]of ivheat, or idheatmalt, ground or unground, five shillings, tHikfiaid by the respective persons mentioned in the said act made in the^ffhyeat of the reign of King William Queen Mary, in* tkiefed, An iaft for the encouraging the exportation of corn: dhd vdBereas'by an act made in the third year of the reign of his pre-fenl^Ma/efiy, for better preventing frauds tn the malting of com fib- deportation, it is enabled, That toere shall be paid to the malflers and btaters if malt for exportation, for every twenty quarters of b&Tty'f or other eofn or grain, that shall be entered and made into mbit for exportation, an allowance of thirty quarters after the same flxxKbe dried and made into malt, and no mbre, upon the exportation tttihedf, according to the faii act made in the fir/l year of the reign of fang William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the en-cdtrtaging the exportation of corn; and in such cases where by the fhhfdft they are entitled to the same-, and Jo in proportion for a gfeater or lesser quantity, payable in such manner as by the said act madbln ther ihirdyear of his present Majesty's reign is directed: and vtihrOhr by a clause hr an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth year off he rtign of King William the Third, intituled, An for f gating a> aid to his Majesty for defraying the expence of his*][*5* itih^ gusfrds and ^arrifons, for one year, and for other necef-occasions; it ts, amongst other things, enabled. That if the cotnftbfc of the customs of any port wherein corn shall be exported,

Jhd& tibr hove fu/fkient m his hands to satisfy and pay such furtt or Jhktsdf money which are or shall be due to any exporter by virtue of bp f said act made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, arising out of the customs and duties out of which to be paid, upon demand, according to the intent of the said that then such collecter shall give to the person demanding such firm W Turns of money, without fee or reward, a certificate under htPparlobf what is due to such person for the corn exported from.fid/) fort, certifying to the commissioners of the customs at London, tjbhf he hath not monies in his hands sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being annexed to the debenture for the corn so exported, and btyjg firodvcea to his Majesty's commissioners of the customs at Lon-&oiu 'they the said of are thereby authorized and required, dd ahnand, by the person that shall bring the same, to cause the mo-dhfHhereby due to be paid in three months by the general receiver or cMlefof the customs, out of such monies as shall be in his hand, a-fwhg v cut of futb customs or duties in the said port of London as drichdrgeable with the payment of any money for the exportation of coftif according to the said act, without fee or reward, as in and by fl&jbiiftverdl acts above recited or mentioned, relation being the reunto Itwibirveishad, may morefully appear: and whereas by reason of the ghdf quantity of com which of late bath been exported, the revenue P 3.appli-,

Debenture*

remaining unsatisfied for 6 months to carry an interest of 3I. per jccipum*

Notice to be given when money is in hand to pay off the deben turesj

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. <^15. f

applicable to the payment of ike bounty on the etyprtdfiion thetfo/ffating charged also with other payments) hath eptpeen thfyand pay all fitch^ monies duo far corn expor4tedy 4$ H yirjiu hf the said act made in the twelfth and thirteen th year of tpe tsign, of King William the Thirii ora in manner therein, mentionefy, fgyabJi by the said general receiver orxajburof thecujloms features for such monies so payable do and may for thatzeajoti ri, vtain unsatisfied: now, for making a rea (enable cojnpeuf^o'ajfpr such delay of payment, and to the end that the owners ai>o tjfibfi of land, and the nation in general, may continue to pnioyihe benefit designed by the said bounty on the ^xpotfation Of be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ancf ]fr poral and commons in this present parliament assembled and the authority of the same, That if at any tint© from, and after twenty fifth day of March one thoulana fovea hundred and three, any debenture for the bounty on corn exported* so able by the said general receiver or cashier of the custoth^ ( remain unsatisfied more than six months next following the ^day when the same shall or may have been produced to the commissioners of the customs at London, according to the directions of the said act made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third, then and in such case, for the'forbearance of such money as, after the expiration of the &i<f»x months, shall be due on such debenture, interest after thef&c of three pounds per centum per annum shall be allowed to tf>e pB-prietor or proprietors thereof, his, her or their executors, aami-strators or assigns, such interest to be computed from the ertdpf the said six months until the money due an fitch debehture'together with such interect, shall be paid, or untfl mppey fufncl&t shall be reserved in the hands of the said general receiver or cashier of the customs for that purpose, and proper notice jl^ill be given thereof.

II. And to the and that proper notice may he given that ipo-ney, sufficient is reserved for that purpose, and that person^o whom any such principal or interest shall be due, may pot a$ail them lei ves of their neglect to demand the same; be JtfyMer enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when money fujfj£ftht shall be reserved in the hands of the said general received or cashier of the customs, for payment of the principal and Tfue-rest due on any such debentures, as after the expiration of she said six months shall remain unsatisfied, the said general reefer or cashier shall and may give notice in writing to be affixed on three or more doors of some publick place or places in the custom house London, and to be advertised in the London G'd$$te, that on a certain day to be limited in the said notice, ancf oh the four days next following such day (so as six days at the least intervene between the date of fudv notice, 2nd the day fos fimitfcd, and so as Sundays and holidays be not included in the pumper of such four days) he shall be ready to p*y and difehatge the principal and interest due on such debentures f after the expiratidri of

iAnno y^ceGmo sexto Georgii II. c. 15. 39

wlpclj ^vc days, ' payment of such principal and interest shall after whiefo nk w demihded pursuant to the said notice, all interest on suchtime '"terest de^rartsftiallceafeand determine..toceafe.

; Iff? 'Provided always, That the prittcipalmonies due on such Principal tob« <H$mtUres^ together With such interest p# shall be due thereup- paM notwith-os, before the expiration of the time limited in the said notice^ , ng' dialfat iriy time afterwards upon demand be paid to the proprietor or proprietors of such debentures, his, her or their execu-

f'admirrilirators crt assigns.

'. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- If there (had if at any time after the day prefixed by order of the*a"y , "nC* teodqmdiifliohers of the customs, for the payment of any such ne^in haad°* ftMtiirts so produced to them, and before the end of fix futticient to months next following the day on which the same shall have discharge the Wn so produced to them, the said general receiver or cashier ofde^entu.res* customs shall have money in his hands sufficient to satisfy g"vtn thereof «pie,; and the like notice shall by him be given in manner the interest re mentioned, that he is ready to make payment thereof; thereon to.t fto demand of such payment shall be made within the time cease»&c* fupitfd in such notice, then and in such case, no interest what-foeVtrftiall be allowed on such debentures; any thing in this act to the contrary thereof in act, wife notwithstanding. l tV., provided nevertheless, and be it declared and enacted by Principal and ..ffig. Authority aforesaid, That all debentures for corn exported, interest to be - able as is aforesaid by the general receiver or cashier of rite P"d incourse. pins, ' Recording to the intention of the said act made in the jfthand thirteenth year of the reign of King Wiltiam the X^xrc, together with the interest thereof, payable by virtue of mi* (If any such interest shall be due) shall be paid by the general receiver or cathier in course, respect being had to JlieS when such debentures shall have been produced to the commissioners of the customs, in manner before mentioned, without any other preference of one before another.

YL And be it further declared and enaifted by the authority D, aforesaid, That when any certificate under the hand of the col- fentraenttobe Jwpf.of the customs of any port, affixed to any debenture for indorsed 0 % wn exported from such port, certifying to the of certificate,nd.'or the customs at London, that he hath no monies in his hands* order for' ^njpeient to pay what is due for corn (o exported, shall be pro- j^d^Melfto juiced to the said of, they shall immediately in (itch to be Iign'd; ^jpjjiiner as hath been accustomed, cause an indorsement to be'made, on the back of the said debenture, of the day when the - 1

fjflpp was so produced; and shall as soon as conveniently may be,

4gn' their order to the said general receiver or cashier for payment thereof, and of such interest as shall grow due thereon by virtue of this act, if the principal shall not be paid before the tipje when the interest allowed by this act is directed to commence. '

m And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Payment to ^nsft'it shall and may be lawful for the said general receiver or be made with-ofiwty'Sf customs, and he is hereby authorized and re-out fM-

; bir!/'k' 0r'y': D4 ^uired1

Debenture*

tfignable.

4p Amo vioefitpo fcsto GboJi0U XL.-cw

wired, when he rtullk make payment of the principal mow*

due on any such debenture, ta pay alfi> without fee or reward the interest which ftufU be due thereon* by virtue of this/ad, out of such monies as shall be in his hands, arising outoffecffi f i customs or duties, as are chargeable with the payment of any

money for the exportation of corn; and the monies ft> paid by him, m obedience to this act, shall be accepted of in his aQouunt, as so much money paid to his Majesty, his heirs or facet* fors, and he shall be discharged therefrom accordingly.

VIII. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every person to whom any money shall he payable for com exported by virtue of any such debenture, sod his or her executors, administrators or assigns, by proper words of afljgnment to be indorsed upon such debenture, may assign and transfer his or her right and interest therein, to any other; which indorsement shall intitle such assignee or afiigoees, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee or assignees may inline manner afligo again, and so toties quotie^ at any time before payment thereof shall be made by the said general receiver or caflior of the customs as aforesaid.

IX. And whereat by the sixth article of the treaty of union, iijs provided that all parts of the united kingdom for ever, from and after ihe union, shall have the same allowances, encouragements and drawbacks, and be under the same prohibitions, restrictions and regulations of trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import and export; and that the allowances, encouragements and dratubckl, prohibitions, restrictions and regulations of trade, and the cujbmsand duties on import and export settled in England, when the uniotifom-mences, shall from and after the union, take plaa throughout tie

w whole united kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority-

is uot money foresaid. That if at any time, from and after the twenty fifth inband to pay day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, the the bounty on collector of the customs at any port in that of Great Britain cshU- $cot^nb from w^ich corn shall be exported, shall not, bawe: +ctrtiilcate to Efficient in hishandtofatisfy and pay such (uroor sums of money, 4* framed f which are or shall be due to any exporter, by virtue of the lawn now in being, arising out of the customs and duties, out of Which it ought to be paid, that then such colleAor shall give to the person demanding such sum or sums of money, without fee or reward, a certificate under his hand, of what is due to such v person for the corn exported from such port, certifying to the

of of the customs at Edinburgh, that he hath notndthedebenrmonies m his hand sufficient to pay the same; which certificate turcto be paid being annexed to the debenture for the corn so exported, and baby receiv- Jng produced to the commissioners of the customs at Edinburgh, er general in they the said of are hereby authorized and required, on demand by the person that shall bring the same, to cause the irjonies thereby due, to be paid in three months, by the general receiver or cashier of the customs in Scotland, out of such monies & shall be in his hand, arising out of such customs or duties, us' are

I months.

4*

<753-1*G* &t&n II. c.

'Cre^a^gfebte^Htfttte money for the exporta-

bftrft^ Without fee or reward/

33fc1Arid ft# it further^ cftaftedby the authority aforesaid, .-. T^tifaranytime from and after the twenty fifth d4y of remaining un-iM&rtb bnethouftfnd seven hwidred and fifty three, any debar- fatwfied for 6 tirir'for the bauntyfon comexported j so payable by the said ge- month* to of*v*!f*c*iMer ot cafftier of the customs in Scotland, shall remain "7I'JK waforisfied mode than six months next fallowing the day when*m crci*' the same shall or may have been produced to the commissioners of the customs at Edinburgh as aforesaid, then and in such case 1

4br>'ifcft forbearance or delay of payment of such money, as after tht; expiration of the said six months shall be due on such '<*betiCut£^ interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per temuw Ihtfl be aH6wed to the proprietor or proprietors thereof,

Iwai ^her of their executors, administrators or assigns, such in-

Ititftkabk computed from the end of the said six months, un-

-tfttht mbney due on such debenture, together with such interest, ftfaM be paidj or until money sufficient shall be reserved in

Hfteihandof the said general receiver orcafttierof the customs

in 'Scotland for that purpose; and like notice shall be given there- Notice to be

of in writing, to be affixed on one or more doors of same pa- given when

blfck place or places in the custom-house at Edinburgh, and to

hte advertised in the Edinburgh Currant, that the said general re- discharged,

ettver or caftuer is ready to pay and discharge the principal and and interest to

interest due on such debentures; after the expiration of which cease.

tbW limited in such notice, if payment of such principal and

ihtefeft shall not be demanded, pursuant to the said notice, all

itttdreft on stich debentures shall cease and determine.

tv Xf. Provided allb, That if at any time after the day prefix- jf there shall

by the order of the said of of the customs at i£- be at any time iiHmergh, for the payment of any such debenture so produced to thensafotwip-themy and before the end of six months next following the day »*£* hand* Which the same shall have been so produced to them, the said -^etteral receiver or cashier of the customs in Scotland shall haveaebcntur r*^tttohfcy in his hand faflkient to satisfy the same, and the like net- and notice he dfceftialtby him be given in manner before-mentioned, that he the i»r 4sr*eady to Make payment thereof, and no demand of suchtcpeft h>)qe§fr. ^payment shall be made within the time limited for stich notice,

(then and ift faeh tafe no interest whatsoever shall be allowed on '>fileh debentures.

Xf I. Provided also, That all debentures for corn exported, Debenture* in playable as aforesaid by the general receiver or cashier of the cu- Scotland to be (toms in Scotland, together with the interest thereof, by virtue of flite'act (if any such interest shall be due) shall be paid by the ceiver, amT* frrfcf general receiver or cashier in course, respetft being had to the withoutiui^ riimes when such debentures shall have been produced to the preferpacc. ^ommissioners of the customs at Edinburgh as aforesaid, without

3*by other preference of one before another, according to the todorfement to be made bn the back of the said debenture of the 2day when tlte same was so produced; and every such debentufe ^haUbe payable tb the person therein named, or to hrs or her^, t*

Anno vittGnK>£*o Gtorqji JJ. c, j

c&cytotfa adfnii>iftf^rs at iBpgns, byoru? or more ii^orfe-meats as aforefak).

CAP. XVI.

An act for reducing the number of directors of the corpora* tkm of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of merica; and for encouraging the fishery; and for regs^ dating the election of the governors and director* of the said company.

WHEREAS and by the charter of incorporation granted in pursuance of an an of the ninth year of her late majesty Queen Anne to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, bearing date the eighth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven9 it is amongst other things directed, That for the good government of the feud company, there Should be for ever a court of directors, 'to confijl of one governor, one sub-governor and one deputy-governor9 and thirty directors, and that the majority of the said court of directors, whereof the governor, sub-governor or deputy-governor (ek-apt as in the said charter is excepted) to be always one, shoula be deemed a court of directors; and that from and after the election, by the said charter directed to be made between the twenty fifth flap of December and the sixth dap of February one thousand seven bundled and seventun, of and for such governors and directors, furb election Should from thenceforth be made every third year between the twenty fifth day of December and the sixth day of February, for ever: and whereas the said company at a general court holden on the fifft day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, came to a rtfolution that proper application Should be made to parliament in the name of the said company, that from and after the expiration of the three years for which the present governors and directors art chosen, the court of directors of the said company might confijl of one governor, one Tub-governor, one deputy-governor, and eighteen < directors only, and that the majority of such court of directors, whereof gtbe_ governor, sub-govemer or deputy-governor [except as in the said company's charter is excepted) to be always one, might from thenceforth he deemed a court of directors \ and that from thenceforth also the election of governors and directors might be annually, between the twenty fifth day of December and the sixth day of February \ and theft the first election of governors and eighteen directors might be between the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and the sixth day of February then next following; apd whereas the said governor and company, by their petition under their common feat, have prayed that they may be enabled, by authority of parliament, to carry the aforesaid reflation of their general court into execution; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, upon the humble petition and request of the fiud governor

Arina' vi&simo fextd GfcdRGir II. o. 17. 4$

ok' foftifrKny1, thaKit ih«y enacted, fend be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advicdand consent of the lords foiritual and temporal and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the samp,

a and after the expiration of the three years for which The number governors and directors are chosen, the court of of which the drj'bf the'laid company do and shall consist of one go- e*"* of di-tdfihbfj One'(ub-governor, one deputy-governor, and twenty "to tfiife dtrectorsenly I «and that the majority of such court of directors, whereof the governor. Tub-governor or deputy-gover-nor f except as in the charter of the said company is excepted) to be mvays one, shall from thenceforth be deemed and be a court dTdirectors.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-.

iforesaid, That at the next general election of directors, genenddec-_ twenty one directors and no more, who were at the last preced- non1 of the - wg-general election of directors chosen'into the office of direct- former directors, may be again appointed or chosen into the office of direct- °" "y* re* ors; and that at and in every subsequent election no more than every fifteen who were at the last preceeding general election of direct- subsequent7 grs Chosen into the office of director, shall be again appointed one, no more fir chosen into the office of director; any by-law of the said go-{*" of , Vemor and company to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith- e

Coding. deftion.

in. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- salaries of the trity aforesaid, That the salaries of the governors and directors governors and , of (he said governor and company shall continue and be the same directors to fif tbpynow are; any by-law of the said governor and company 'ontmue*

- to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Cap. xvii.

An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon w -efems or lights in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the twentieth "'Vy'year if the reign of his present An acto Geo. s.c.j»

for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows s fetid'light*; and, for granting unto his Majesty other rates and duties apon houses, windows andlights; and for other uses and {Htipofes in the said act expressed: and whereas another ail of par- ji Geo. *.c.i<?» 'starhent was made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present vMadefy, intituled, An act for explaining, amending, and farther: Enforcing the execution of the said act of the twentieth of his present Majesty 5 by which several amendments and alterations of the of art find ait were made: and whereas those aits have not proved feitiial for raising and levying the duties upon windows or lights in vtb»panof Great Britain tailed Scotland, and it is therefore ne-Piffdry'that same further provisions be made for that be it

enabledby the King's most excellent majesty, by and J^rith the ftdvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal

anft

now.

4*

The of of the land-tax to nominate af« feflors for surveying the windows.

Notice of such nomination to begiventothe assessors,

who are to appear before the commissionert, and receive their instructions.

Assessors to leave a note of the survey and charge at eacfrbouJc.

Assessors to report their fur-veyandcharge to the commissioners of sup-

Mote of the

assessment to be lodged with the colie&or of the land-tax* who is to poU*a the.window-tax.

JbmoviceGmo sexto GfcoftOii IL CVtyA f i

and Commons in thkpfefefttpafliamentifltmbl^ '

ttorify of the same, Thatbe duties and rates by the fekf aft*'impo(w Upon windows or lights in that part or this ktrrgdofti/ calledScotland shall, ftom and after the fifteenth day of this ptefent year one thioufend seven hundred and fifty beT

rfcHed, levied and collected in manner herein after- me^kmed^'that is to fav, the commissioners of the land-tax whb fiaiVt beirti, ^appointed for levying the land-tax for the year onethooflnfd1 seven hundred and fifty three, and AkH <x>mihi(sioners as fthdl1 be appointed for levying the land-tax for the year one thodfeinif1 seven hundred and fifty four, and so in titne coming for all years thereafter, shall upon the first day of their meetings oh at'ny subsequent meeting, before the second day of August year! jy^ nominate and appoint one or more assessors for surveying; and numbering the windows or lights of all houses fub}e& to the' said duty within the several parishes belonging to or tying wmi- in the several counties Or boroughs wherein the feia comrrpf^t sioners for the said tax shall be named and comtoiflioiied to act; and the clerk to the said cotftmissioners of every (hife 6tP borough respectively, shall give notice to the assessors so to be1 named, of their being named assessors for the purpose aforesaid,] and that by a notein writing subscribed by the clerk to be de£; i livertdto them personally, or left at their dwdling-houses witJV-'in the space of ten days after their being nominated or appoihf- i ed as aforesaid; and the said assessors shall, upon such day as the A of shall appoint for that purpose, which day shall bc^ within one calendar month after their appointment, personally^ appear before the of of supply, or any quorufo of? them, at their ordinary place of meeting, and (hah be therd in-; stru&ed by the of as to what is their duty, aiidb What they are to execute, as to the way1 and manner of Wfvfcjr-15 ingand numbering of the windows or lights subjeeft to the dtiryv1 v

II. And be it further enacted, That the (kid afldfors (h^H^af1 the time of their forveying and numbering the said windori^ and lights, leave a note in writing with the occupied of house, or at the house itself, of the futvey he hath made, bdayi*1 ing the number of the windows or lights, and the amount of the duty frith which the said occupier is to be charged. 1 ' " J

III. And be it enacted, That the ftid assessors shall^epbrtf the farvey by them made, and the number of windows or tighVi'in each house, and duty with which the occupier of every racH? house is charged, to the of of fapply, upon such da^ -as the of shall appoint at the time they give thdr^ instruftiotts; which day shall be within twenty days after the/ day of giving the instructions to the said assessors. 'f

IV. And be it further enacted, That*note of these assessments shall forthwith be lodged by the clerk of the commission^ prs in the hands of the collector of the cess ot land-tax for the^ said county; and that the coHecftor of the ceft or land-tax the time being for each county and burglv within Scotland (halt*be and is hereby appointed; impowered and ttqdired to b* cM —

Jedlpr

i7$g-J ABQQ'ykrfirao fbcto Ge^oh II. c. 17* 4

hrdprof the duty imputed upon windows or lights; and the Sureties c$gpon$vs or furies for every such colk&or of theccfs or land* for Uu-d nl100 r be farther ipso facto bound by virtue of this act for the performance'di)p and faithful performance) by such coltedor, of all parts of of his office, '* thp dpjy office hereby committed ta him, in respect of

tfif juries 00 windows or lights* and that under the penalty of one Jmiwlped pounds sterling 5 and that every such coljedor of* ftaUlikjewife be iotitied to have-an allowance from the receiver general of the sum of three penceper pound of the mo- 3d. perpound Oey arising from the said window t$x. allowed him,

j y 4nd whereas bytccafwn of the death of persons chosen to be tel* lectors of the cess or bsndrtax in the several shires or boroughs in that patutf Great Britain called Scotland, or by other accidents* it may Happen that there shall be a vacancy of that office, and by consequence no seUefter of the said juty on windows or lights; be it therefore en-adjpf.ty the authority aforesaid, That as often as it shall hap- Vacancy of pcpJ^jt there is a vacancy in the office of collector of the cefa collector to be orj land-tax in any Shire or borough in Scotland, it shall and may be, lawful for the barons of the court of exchequer in Scot* thccxdwqupr^ lapfryQt any two or more of them, upon the application of the,

liver general or surveyor general of the duties on windows or

£s* or either of them, to nominate and appoint a periha to spate as collector of the duty on windows or lights, within epunty or borough, during the vacancy of the office of ool«

[or p( the ccfs or land-tax within such county or borough;

: the person or persons so to be appointed by the said barons j^ye all; apd every the powers and duties concerning cho "fig* collecting and paying over the said duty on windows or ts*, that the colle<ifor of thecefs or land-ux, and of the taid dufju wqutd have had by virtue of this act; and shall also her to receive from mch Shire or borough, for and during th£Jtipie of his service* the like salary or allowance as was give* left coUcdor of the land-tax, for such Shire or borough; ap$lf thatover and above the allowance of three pence in the^ / ppijmd jof the duties on windows or lights that shall be colledsd 1

hylfthp during the time of his acting in such office*

Apd be* it enacted* That the occupiers of each hou(e* Occuh1mt^G: the Windows or lights whereof are to be charged with the said P*y.<hity duty^ shalj^y themselves, or others for their behoof pay in the haiHeary-dji^ with wlpch tlvey are charged, on or before the twenty

tay of September* yearly, for the half year betwixt Whit- 4

(and Martinmas day j and on or before the twenty fifth*1

Iffi jfdareb, yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas f and provision In } ^vtfundfty, to the collector of the cess personally, or at his of- case of appeal, fice by him held (or receiving the land tax, unless such occupier (hell enter an appeal agaurst the assessment made9in which c*fe fwyp appeal shall be difeufied before payment in manner herein y dtreded, and , (h?U be made only within fen days after dif-jngordifmiiling such appeal, in the manner herein after* pro*

and that, every such occupier, shall, in case of his not °a nohpayv; 'Fajfing.il) thedtyW i^i|h; wbwlvlw is <; h?rgedf to thp

': z zan

Hy.-to.it

- ', i ,; i

4ft

Dudes and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Apprai/ement and sale of goods distrained.

If there shall be no puchaser the distress to be lodged with the sheriff de-

Eute, and to e ibid by trim, if not redeemed within days j

Anno vkefvneicxto GeorojiII. <±17*

of the cess, upon theday upon which, hc, i*. hereby MpoimoJ tpt pay the feane, or within three days thereafter, foifoittreble th^ valueand extent of the duty with which he (lands charged*: ,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the duties ty, the ad imposed, and bloewife all. penalties, triple values, and Sotcfen tures inclined by virtue of this act, shall be, recovered at the Ant of the respective coUe&ors, by di draining or poynding^ac^piding. to the forms of the laws of Stotkmd, upon warrants to be grat^n ed and subscribed by any two of the coauniflianers of Aippix, by the sheriff, or depute sheriff, of the county from whom Aten warrant shall be requited, and they are hereby re(pe*5Hvdy toj quired to grant the same under the penalty, of ten pounds sterling, ttties ptttirs, upon certificate made to them, or either of them, by the collector of the cefe, thatiuch penalties or fotv feitures are incurred, and such duties reding, and not duly paid* which warrants shall be. executed by the constables. ordhenff/Jf-ficers of the county; and the goods oreffc&a so poynded or dty drained shall be valued and appraisedbyany two persons, to be appointed by the sheriff officer or condable to value and appraise such goods, which two persons shall be. obliged to value tqp same, under the penalty of forty shillings derliag, for each ne»-gleA orrefufal j and which valuation shall be made upon th/e ground, or at the house where the same were poynded and di-stramed, and may and shall be sold and disposed of at the valuer by the officer or condable who does poynd or didrain the same; and the value to be applied in the fird place, to the satisfaction and.payment of the duty, triple value or penalty, owing, by toe person whose goods are (b poynded; and in the second place, to the payment for the trouble of the officer or condable poyqa-i«g, at the rate of two shillings/rr pound of the duty, triple value or penalty, for which the goods shall be poynded or didrained, unless the owner, from whom the same were poynded or distrained, shall redeem the same by payment of the appraised value within the space of four days after the poynding and valuation, to the officer who poynded the same) and in case ai)y surplus shall remain of the price or value after payment of the duty due or penalty incurred, and after payment of what is allowed to be retained by the officer or condable in manner herein directed, futh surplus shall be returned to the owner from, whpqi the goods were didrained; and in case no purchaser or buyer do appear at the said sale, that the said goods or effects so poynded or didrained shall be consigned and lodged in the hands of the sheriff depute of the county, or his fubditute, and if not redeemed by the owner within the space of four days after theeon-signment in the hands of the said sheriff, that the same shall be rouped, fold and disposed of by order of the sheriff, in such manner and at such time and place, as lie shall, appoint, he always being liable to the payment of the duty, triple value, or of the penalty or penalties incurred, to the colIeAor of the ce$, and to the officer or condable who shall have poynded the same, for their trouble and expence as above dated, in case the jralue

of

i!?Y3*T Anno vicesimo iextri O&QRcm II. c. i j* 4

6f fofbWf shall aihoimt t^tlid e^tem of the dutyand

aflt^ inctrrrcd, the fees due to iheofficer orconstable

and (htffhd'm'the third phceintitledtO' orie (hiding/Urpound*. per pound W^roVali^the'gddds to dispose&of, for his own pairis tfnd T

t^jbW^ tfter pfofei'ence and allowance of the duty or penalties*

i^riTWhat apjfotttted to j^e paid to the officer or constable filf4 their and that-there shall Jikewtfe be allowed to tho

otB&f btf tirtfeWd so pbyhdiilg, theotpence of preferring or foSudfoftring the gdods or cattle so poynded, during the four Arjri allowed to the owhet to redeem them, and the expence of ifie fife; and in like foamier the expence shall be allowed to the w^rdferVin^'arid maintaining the goods or cattle di«

Stained, during the few days that the owner is allowed to re*

fedriy^er copfignment in his hands, as also the expence of the

t^HI.: ]And be it further enacted, That the officer or confttble The duties VWdHfttelfdltyofe: 6f such goods or cattle so poynded, distrained and penalties &dloltf.K(hall be bound to pay in the fartis arising from the file, $ the Pfale tov iti^fcffr^exfondvfo the duties or penalties for which the lame the collector ^r^yiideiyto theeollfcftor of the cess or land-tax* within of the land-teri days after receipt of the price, allowing always what is abovetax* iso Wed for his own pains and expense $ and that in like man-the goods or cattle distrained shall be disposed of by the ftforiff, as before directed, he shall, within four days after re-tSfittof the price, be obliged pay in the same to the collector Wtht ctfs, after deduction of what is appointed to be paid, to Wfe officer or conftaHe who made the poynding 5 and rafter de-^uftirin of what is above allowed to be Trained by him for his mjm^>ahis and expence; and shall remain liable to thecoileftor wHheefcft unfit payment, and subject to be poynded and di-jfyfatil therefortifi the same manner as is above provided with jtfe^iid so any personliable to duties or penalties in virtueiof

And be it enacted, That every fudh collector of the cess collector to

f^frd-tax, and duties on windows or lights, shall pay over to pay over the ttceiver general at Edinburgh, all such monies as he shall same to the rfe received iri respect of the duties or penalties aforesaid* in receiver gene-ihMmer, and upon the days of payment following; that is to fal ha" yc*r' lift. The duties or penalties arising half-yearly betwixt IVbib- y* and Martikms, on or before the twenty fifth day of Dt- jmbfriti such year; and the duties and penalties arising between ^maftirtmas and on or before the twenty fourth day

immediately following.

And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the power Perfbmag-j8f the persons fiable and assessed for the duties aforesaid* in case grieved by «foy shall conceive themselves to be injured by the assessment and act!^j?nt 1 #r 'oiar^e mrfde upon them by the* forveyor or aflefibr; or to foe toTbe \torveyor or colfoftor, if he shall judge foe crown to be leased by corofuffioneif - We ^ffeflment or charge made, to appeal to the commissioners of supply. ^Wfoppfy.

Provided always, That every occupier of a house who shall

48 Anno vicesimo fano Gxa&eii Ifc ansi [1755.

Occupier to shall conceive himfetf to be aggrieved by the aJfefipeat or chafe* givea note of nude upon him for his windows or lights, (hah, wtthfcttbw totfiecollec-P°5C °*htteen days after the note in of hri charge be*

for within 15 delivered to him, or left at his howse by the aftfibr <tf famyor, days after the by himfeIf, or same other person ailing on his behalf^ debVer* C dh* or cau^ to^delivered, ' to the collector of the cefo at hit efioe, vered to nim. a note; n writing of tfoe wrong or grievance of Whkkfuah person complains, and thereof he (hah be minded'to fak Collector to redress by appeal; and such collector is hereby rtqeirodtaiMdcw make entry of an entry in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, of all such notices, such notices given to him, from time to time, and to lay the same before the said of at their first meeting; and every such collector is farther hereby required* upon demand made for that purposeby the assessor&, or surveyors, t*give them inspection and leave to take a copy of all such notices of appeals^ that they may attend the meeting of the said ccuuniffidners, prepared to answer the same in support of their change.

Appellant not

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the party gfeing prosecuting, such notice of an appeal or complaint shall negfo&to mfift there-

and give a copy to the surveyors.

CommiflSon-

5 tnen and in tnar cate such complaint or appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the charge or assessment therein referred to shall stand in full force*

\»vuimrn___

XIII. And be it eroded, That the of flnH hold

wTto'boId'ge- general meeting for discussing of appeals upon the first Tntfdaf neral meet- yearly, and another upon the first tfiay of Mata

inn for ap. yearly, and upon such other days as the said commissionersshall^ from time to time appoint for that purpose: and in case either

tantdif- thef-rv eyor, or the person so appealing or complaining, shall be and declare themselves dissatisfied with the determination made by the said com mi Stoners upon such appeal, it stalload ma take the* to an<* ^or of them so dissatisfied respec-

mefit of the tivdy, to proceed and take the benefit of the provision madem provision in such case in the said act of the twenty first year of his Majesty?* the act of reign... u

ai Geo. i.c.io.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the assessors to be appointed from time to time by the said commissioners, shall perform the duty committed to them by making their afieft-inents, and bringing in their certificates, as by the said former acts is directed, then and in that case the surveyors and inspectors appointed or to be appointed in the manner directed by tipf said act of the twentieth of his Majesty, shall proceed accordie to the powers thereby given them, to examine and super*and whereany such assessments; and as often as they shall find any person 00 under- cupier of ahouse to have been under-rated, give notice in writ* notice to Se*n6 negk& OT failure to the occupier of such house, arid

occupier and also to the collector hereby appointed; and such additiomd collector, See. charge may and shall be paid, recovered, or the justice thereof tried and difeufled in the manner, and according to the rules herein mentioned; and in case at any time the said comnrif-

fionen

satisfied with their determination,

Surveyors to supervise the attefftnents.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. r& 49.

U099t Aati acgkd.l» zpfotat a£c&ntj m in case the afessors: Common- , < byrthafl appointed fluU faU or«egJe<& to make the inlpc&ion, teQrta a? '

in the certificate* required of them, that then andjn^S?, .; fi^dicafcJt (haliand may be bwfaltoaad for the said surveyori©rsnegle£Un*, i of&myort taaiikr a certificate in writing under their respec-h«>r duty, tiyeJteda ofettary dwelling-house inhabited, or charged by the^7eyor^; said oft* of she twentieth and twenty first years of his Majesty's cmificare of re % fll, witfath the limits of those pari files or places in which they the duties, fcviraHy act, end of the numher of windows or lights in each

htttfa, with the names of the several occupiers of each respectitHl dwelling-hen fe, and of the sums of money which they ought tctipay. by. virtue of the said acts, and to deliver or leave a notenote ot^the irtwrrting with/ the occupier of every house that shall have been d°^at he " bynSbena resp^divdy surveyed, or at the house itself* of such occupier*, 'j

ftualcy* hearing the number of the windows or lights, and the house, extend of the duty with which the occupier of such house is charged, and shall alfodeliver such certificates as aforesaid to the and to deliver rem&ivecoUe&ors of the rates and duties upon windows orth*certificates ligHtei£ereby appointed; whereupon the rcfjpedive oc«ipiei's^rll: jj*' 1 shall,^ndie iAanoer, at the times, and under the penaltiesabovfc.|d [cv^ and

mentioned, pay or deliver their respective duties to such collec^pav over the todr imdio case of the failure or neglect of them to make fucah^ntie*. payments as aforesaid, such collector shall, according to the cer-> tincates delivered to him by the surveyar, call for, recover-and; brifigjfn the respective duties and penalties dueand incurred by, -«no>

tbr-pccfont so proving deficient; and being recovered. p*y invei? r; JJ thdjaitfe to the receiver general at Edinburgh, at the timerabdk im*

intthdamumer above directed.

sKVb Provided always, That in case the occupier of anyhowfewhej^ tfc.V, , ? cohering hicnfdf to be aggrieved by such survey, shall eoner<harge o»all. M.v; argtghncoottce of his complaint or appeal as aforesaid, then and ^c°"tro<ye, t* t iniahat case the coUetfdr shall not proceed to recover by dtftrefs^'^made"0; fucbjfftrtdf the charge as shall be complained of, or controvert-till the appeal*edibytfbrh appellant, until the final difeuiion of the appeal, determined, ! eidtfriby'its being fallen from or prosecuted to a final decision, in manner above-mentioned.

o) nr^'.*

CAP. XVIII.

fit Merging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas.

WHEREAS King James the First by letters patent bearing*.date the fourteenth day ^/December in the third year of his f>Sd grant to several persons therein named, and to their fans, __ w Jjuh others as Should then after* be admitted or made freey that the Tjbpuld be one fellowship, and one body corporate and politick, by tb+m&t* of The governor and company of merchants of Eng* loaferading into tike Levant seas, and by the same name Should have pafrfirtl1successm j and did dire#, That all persons+jubjcRs of ibis ffff m€ri merchants, which then were, or after th* date of thefa&b^* Patent Should happen to ber under the Qgeof twenty

SO

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. i8# [1753.

six years, or net cut of his or their apprenticeships, Should be admitted into the freedom of toe said company, if be or they Should demand the same within one year next after he or they Should attain the age r of twenty six years, or within one year after the end of his or their apprenticeships, and Should offer and pay to the said governor and company for his or their admittance the sum of twenty five pounds; and did further dire ft, That all persons, subjects of this realm of England, being mere merchants, above the age of twenty six years, Should be admitted into the freedom of the said company, upon paying a fine of fifty pounds; and did also direct, That all and every the fons of such as were or Should be free of the said company, and also all their apprentices employed in that trade for the Jpace of three years or Upwards, within the limits of the said letters patent, Should after the end of their apprenticeships be admitted to the freedom of the said company, on payment of the sum of twenty Jbiltings only: and whereat King Charles the Second, by ms letters patent bearing date the fecund day of April in the thirteenth year of his reign, did ratify and confirm the said letters patent of King James the First; and did further dir eft. That no person residing within twenty miles of the city cf London Should be admitted into the freedom of the said company, or have any benefit of the privileges thereof, unless he he made free of the said city: and whereas the trade into the Levant seas has very much decreased, and the taking of less fines for the admission of persons into the freedom of the said company, and the not refraining of the freedom thereof to mere merchants, and to such persons as refuting within twenty miles of the city of London are free of the said city, and the securing to all persons admitted into the said company, the liberty of exporting at all times hereafter all forts of goods and merchandise (not prohibited by law to be exported) to any port or place within the limits of the said letters patent, from what parts of Great Britain, and at what time, and in what quantity, and on board what ships (navigated according to law) they shall respectively think proper, and also of importing in the like manner from any port or place within the limits of the said letters patents raw silk, or any other goods or commodities purchased within the said limits, {not prohibited by law to be imported) are the most probable means of recovering and extending the said trade for the benefit of this nation \ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of AnyftiHJeftof the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June Great Britain onc thousand seven hundred and fifty four, every subject of mHBon^ and Great Britain desiring admission into the said company of mer-paying toL chants of England, trading into the Levant fas, commonly cal-to be made led or known by the name of The Turky company, shall, upon re-free of the w qutfi for that purpose made by himfelt, or any other person in pajur/ C°m" behalf, to the governor or deputy governor of the said cotao-pany for the time being, be admitted into the said company within the space of thirty days after such request shall be made, and shall have, use and enjoy all the liberties, privileges, jurisdictions,

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 18. 51

franchises, powers and authorities granted to the said company by the said letters patent, as largely, fully and amply^to all intents, constructions and purposes, as any member of the said company could, can or may have, use and enjoy the same* by virtue of the said letters'patent, such subjedi paying or tendering* or causing to be paid or tendered, for such his admission, tortheufeof the said company, the sum of twenty pounds, and no more; any thing in the said letters patent, ot either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Oath to be and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hun- taken on a<U dred and fifty four, the following oath in lieu of the oath here- mission-tofore taken by persons upon their admissions to their freedoms in the said company, shall betaken by every person upon his admission to his freedom, either before the governor or deputy governor of the said company, or before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, (who are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer the said oath) which justices are hereby required to certify under their hands and seals, that the said oath was taken by

on the day of before

two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in an$l for

us.

YOU swear to be good, faithful and true to our sovereign lord Thc olt^ King George, his heirs and successors \ you shall be obedient and assistent to the governor, his deputy and affflants of the company of merchants^England trading into the Levant seas, in all lawful matters; you shall truly hold and keep to your power (having no Angular regard to ycurfelf to the hurt and prejudice of the common weal of the said companyJ all Statutes, acts and ordinances, which have teen duly made, according to the grant of privileges granted to the said company, and confijlent with an act of parliament made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas; the secrets of the said company you shall not difcloje; and if you shall know any person or persons that intend any hurt, harm or prejudice to our aforesaid sovereign lord the King's majesty i his heirs or successors, or to the said company, or the privileges 0/the said company, you shall give knowledge thereof to the said governor, deputy or assistants, or to some of them; and you shall not colour of free any goods belonging to any one not free of the said company.

So help you God* III.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons, being free of the said company as aforesaid, separately or jointly to export, or causetpbe exported, from any port or place in Great Britain, to any port or place within the limits of the said letters patents, in any Briftjb or plantation built ships (navigated according to law)

E 2'at

Persons admitted may export goods to any port within the limits of the patent, paying the charges of the company.

51 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 18.*[1753.

at any time, and to any person or persons whomsoever, being freemen of the fbid company, or Ions or apprentices of freemen, (such freemen, fons or apprentices, being his MajestyV christian subjects) so long as such person or persons (hatt remain under, and submit to, the protection and direction of the Br/-tish ambassador and consuls respectively for the time being, any goods, wares or merchandizes whatsoever, not prohibited by law to be exported; and also to import, in like manner, iron* any port or place within the limits of the said letters patent, raw silk, of any other goods, wares or commodities, purchased within the said limits, (not prohibited by law to be imported) upon paying or securing the customs, and other duties payable for the lame, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by vhthe of any law now in force, or hereafter to be made; and upon paying such impositions or Turns of money as shall be assessed and charged upon all goods, wares or merchandizes, to be exported or imported as aforesaid, or upon any ships laden with the Tame, for defraying the necessary expences of the said company; any thing in the said letters patent, or either of them, or any ordinance, constitution or by-law of the said company, made or to be made, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Exportation

IV. Provided always, That the exportation of gold or filv^r, of gold and either in foreign coin or builion, shall remain subject to the by- laws of the said company made or to be made in that behalf. o° the compa- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ny. it shall and may be lawful for the said governor, or deputy tfo-

By-lawt shall vernor and company, in general court assembled, to make web be confirmed rules, ordinances or by laws, for the good government of the atafubCequent said company, as the major part of the members present at , such general court, gencrai court shall think necessary; but no such rule, ordinance or by-law, shall be valid, or of any force or effect whatsoeves, unless the same be confirmed at a subseguent general court, to be held at least one calendar month after the general courr at and if 7 free- which such rule, ordinance or by-law was made,; and If any men Audi seven or more of the freemen or the said company shall tfihtk think them- themselves aggrieved by any rule, ordinance or by-law, made cd, V meygmay or to be ma^e» i* shall be lawful for them to present an appeal appeal to the in writing against the same to the commissioners for trade and of plantations, who are hereby impowered andrequired, with all coti-for trade, &c. venient speed, to hear such appeal, and to approve or difepptove such rule, ordinance or by-law, and in such manner as ta or the major part of them present, shall appear fit and reafpiwW^ but such law

VI. Provided always, That such rule, ordinance or by-y^ to be in force shall be and continue in force till such appeal be so heard, and till the appeal such ruic> ordinance or by-law, be disapproved as aforesaid; etermine.^ut in cafc fucjj by-law, rule or ordinance, shall be disapproved on the hearing of such appeal as aforesaid, then such qile, or- dinance or by-law, shall, from and after such disapproya] oi^ly,

.. be deemed null and void to all intents and purpofqs whatsoever.

methneoiaProvided also, That in case any fiion appeal (half te le^imeo p-brought against any future rule, ordinance or by-law, to ]ie

made

*7530 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19 55

made by the said governor and company, such appeal shall be brought within twelve calendar months after Inch rule, ordinance or by-law, shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid; anq^ iny.such appeal shall be brought against: any rule, ordinance jQI\by-law of the said company now in force, such appeal dull be brought within twelve calendar months after the said t^entjriouith day of June one thousand fipven hundred and fifty four*/

Provided also, That the persons appealing against any^oticcofa fu<^ rule*ordinance or by-law, shall at the same time give no-^5/

tiec ^W^ning of such appeal, to the governor, deputy governor, given, or secretary of the said company for the time being.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no such rule, ordinance orgy iaws to be by-law* shall be of any greater or other force or validity than of no greater the same would or ought to have been, if no such appeal had force than if t£en given by this act. h«nP^LJ!t

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Notice of a vs^enfoeYer any general court of the said company shall be ap- general court pointed to be held for the making of any rule, ordinance or by- for making law, publick notice thereof shall be given in the London Gazette by-laws to be at least twenty days before the time appointed for the holding of ^Gazette fupb jeueral court. 1 azc c'

&IY Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all Pules for pre-rules, orders and regulations madp for preventing infetfion, venting infec-ft^allbe, and remain in full force and virtue as if this act had*in n^yer passed..rc

t XfiC, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' Goods liable Tiat, no, goods. or merchandizes liable to retain the infection of the

and coming from the Levant without a clean bill °^c^!°n9uhf

hp^hv shall be landed in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, oata <^eanbiil 01; , of of Guernsey, strfcy, Alderney, Sark or Jlfan, unless of health not to

it fhiJ appear to the satisfaction of his Majesty, his heirs or be landed, &c.

a. mm > a. a*a a.Inla/'a »lia

lprs> or of or their privy council, that the said goods J^ave ^pi^c^iudizes have been fufnciently opened and aired it) the ^cTn aired in IfKfjKtao(IMaltayjfnma^ Vwke, Messina, Legbcrny Qenoa and Tome foreign or O^e of theip. / Uzarets.

CAP. XIX.

Mf&tnfarcing the taws against persons who shall ft cal j wMudn jhipwtecke4 goods; and for the relief of persons rft^ering bffts tkenebj.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the good and salutary laws now T V'in being against plundering and destroying vessels in distress, and agdiyUf taling awayJhipwreeked, loft orfiranded goods, many wicked tn-amuifi have been committed, to the disgrace of the nation, and to the grVevlus ddmage of mirchdnts and mariners of our oiun and other coun-trfes I fdt ferrtedythereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent % ^1e^y/by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpU and Commons in this present parliament aflern-authority of the same, That if any person or

54

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19. [1753.

persons con- fens shall plunder, (leal, take away or destroy any goods or mer-vits ed of plan- chandize, or other effects, from or belonging to any ship or vessel wrecked P" ^is Majesty's subjects, or others, which (halLbe in distress, or good*, See, which shall be wreeked, loft, stranded or cast on shore in any part of his Majesty's dominions, (whether any Jiving creature be on board such vessel or not) or any of the furniture, tackle, or of obstruc- apparel, provision, or part of such ship or vessel; or shall beat ting the escape or wound with intent to kill or destroy, or shall otherwise wil- from^mk °bftnidl the escape of any person endeavouring to save his or of putting* or her hfe from such ftftp or vessel, or the wreck thereof"; or if out false any person or persons shall put out any false light or lights with lights, to fuf- intention to bring any ship or vessel into danger; then such per-

without^cier- ^on or Persons offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, om ce - being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Where goods

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-of small value said. That when goods or effects of small value shall be stranded, ^hhout an6" or ca^ 011 ^orc» anc* he ft°len without circumstances circumstances cruelty, outrage or violence; then and in such cases it shall of cruelty, be lawful for any person or persons to prosecute for such offence the offender by way of indictment for petit larceny; and the offenders being may be mdidt- thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer such puniftunent as the larceny.Ctl ^awsn ca^es °* Pet^ larceny do enjoin or require.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

information of That it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's shipwrecked justices of the peace, upon information made before him or them goods being upon oath (which oath all justices arse hereby impowered to ad-eakd°toiflbe m^ni^er) °' any Part the cargo or effects whatsoever belong-searchVar-116 mgt0 any ft^P or vcffd loft or stranded upon or near the coasts aforesaid, being unlawfully carried or conveyed away, or concealed inanyhouse, out-house, barn or other place, or of some reasonable cause of suspicion thereof, to issue his or their warrant or warrants for the searching of such house, out-house, barn or other place, as in other cases of stolen goods: and if the same shall be found in such house, out-house, barn, or other place or places, or upon or in the custody or possession of aqy person or persons not legally authorized or intitled to keep and and the per- withhold the same; and the owner or occupier of such house, fons in whose out-house, barn or other place, or the person or persons upon custody the whom, or in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, found not shall not immediately, upon demand, deliver the same to the lawgiving* a satis- ful owner or owners thereof, or to such other person or persons as factory ac- shall be lawfully authorized to demand the same $ or shall not count, g; Ve a good account, to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices, how he, she or they came by, or became possessed to be commit- thereof; it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or ted for fix justices, upon proof of such refusal, and he and they is and are months, or hereby required to commit the said offender or offenders to the until payment common gaol for the space of six months, or until he, (he or Juc.Ie C V3' they shall have paid to such lawful owner or owners, or to the person of persons lawfully authorized to receive the same, treble the

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19. 55

value of the goods or things so by him her or them unlawfully detained.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods offered if any person or persons shall offer or Expose to sale any goods to sale, suspec-bt efredswhatsoever belonging to any ship or vessel loft, (band- ted bf e&or caff on shore as aforesaid, and unlawfully taken away, or cd, tobe ifeafemably suspected so to have been; then and in every such p*c^fe It shall be lawful for the person or persons to whom the fahie shall be To offered for sale, or any officer of the customsor exrife, or any constable, headborough or tythingman, or other peace officer, to Hop, take and seize the said goods and effects; notice to and that he or they shall, with all convenient speed, carry the: to*lame, or give notice of such seizure to someone or more of his*1

Majesty's justice or justices of the peace; and if the person or and the person persons who shall have offered the said goods or effects to sale, offefng the or some other person or persons on his, her or their behalf, same notmak-Shall not appear before the said justice within ten days next after such seizure, and make out, to the satisfaction of the said justice, p 1* the property of the said goods or effects to be in him, her or them, or in the person or persons by whom he, she or they, was or were employed to sell the same; then the said goods or the goods to effects shall, by oraer of the said justice, be forthwith delivered he rerurned to over to or for the use of the rightful owner or owners thereof, the owner> upon payment of a reasonable reward for such seizure (to be ascertained by the said justice) to the person who seized the same; and such justice shall and may commit the person or ancj of persons who shall so have offered or exposed the said goods or fender to be things to sale as aforesaid to the common gaol for the space of committed for six months, or until he, she or they, shall have paid to such A* n^nths»^lawful owner or owners, or to the person or persons lawfully oftrcWevaJue. authorized to receive the same, treble the value of the said goods or effects so by him, her or them unlawfully offered to file as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons who in tafe any person or persons not employed by the matter, ma- fcve, and riners or owners, or other persons lawfully authorized, in the salvage of any ship or vessel, or the cargo or provision thereof, jnt£ shall, in the absence of persons so employed or authorized, save for the benefit any such ship, vessel, goods or effects, and cause the same to be of the owners* carried, for the benefit of the owners or proprietors, into port, or to any near adjoining custom-house or other place of safe 1

custody, immediately giving notice thereof to some justice of the peace, qiagistrate, or custom-house or excise officer, or shall discover to any such magistrate or officer where any such goods or or who shall effects are wrongfully bought, fold or concealed, then such per- d, ^e such son or persons shall be intitled to a reasonable reward for fochg^* are con* services, to be paid by the matters or owners of such vessels or cealed, »ntitled goods, and to be adjusted in case of disagreement about the to the rewards quantum, in like manner as the salvage is to be adjusted and paid by virtue of the Statute made in the twelfth year of the reign of difogree ment her late majesty Queen Anne, intitled, An act for the preferring is to he ad-

£ 4. all adjusted ac-

56 "Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. ig.

[1753.

cording to i* all such ships and goodstbintof ivhichbaw happttoedtobt for ado Aim.lt.i. c.i 8, jhors^ erfr ended.upon thtcobjU of this kingdom^ or any other $f be* Maitftfs dominions, o* else hithemanrar herein after prefcnbtd* asthe case (hallrequire.^'«., U.

Where any iVf. And be it fu?ther. ensured by the« authority aforesaid, That for the better ascertaining the salvage tt> be paid in jiiww ed^ publick suance of this prefem ad*and the ad before-mentioned) and fat notice to be themore effectual puttrag the fl^e acts in execution, tive jbftioc given for a of the peace, mayor) bailiff, collector of the customs, orcfaasf meeting of the constable, who shall be nearest to the place where any ship; and magi-X€C8 g°°^s or effects shall be stranded or cast away* shall forthwith

ft rates, &c. give publick notice for a meeting to be held as soon asp&ffihlp

of the rtleriff or his deputy, the justices of the peace, mayors* who are to aid or other chief magistrates of towns corporate, coroners*and in saving the of of the land-tax, or any five or more of them, vessel and who are hereby required and impowered to give aid in the tx&-

goetU, See. cution of this and the said former act, and to employ proper

persons for the saving of ships in dtstress, and such ships, vessel* and to adjnft and effects, as shall be stranded or cast away; and also lo ck* the salvage; amine persons upon oath touching or concerning the some, or the salvage thereof, and to adjust the quantum of such fafrogo, and distribute the same among the persons concerned in fwcti salvage, in case of disagreement among the parties, or the said*. a day al- persons; and that every inch sheriff, justice or the peace, mayor, lowed foi their chief magistrate, coroner, lord of a manor, under-foeriff, or attendance, commissioner of the land-tax, attending and acting at such meeting, shall be paid four shillings a day for his expences iijfuch'attendance out of the goods and effects saved by their care or direction.

If the salvage

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-be not paid, thority aforesaid, That if the charges and rewards for salvage, t[je offi^r of directed to be paid by the said act of the twelfth year of the mayCraifetbe re*Sn of her said late majesty Queen Anne^ and by this prefetk same by a bill shall not be fully paid, or sufficient security given for the of fate of the same within forty days next after the said services performed, vessel or car- then and in such case it shall be lawful for the officer of the^at* flams concerned in such salvage, to borrow or raise so mbch which may be money as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay such charge? and redeemed, up- rewards, or any part thereof then remaining unpaid, or not fe-princm^and cure<^as afore^*d, by or upon one or more bill or bills of fele, mterect, under his hand and ieal, of the ship or vessel, or cargo saved, or such part thereof as shall be sufficient, redeemable nevertheless upon payment of the principal sum so borrowed, and intbreft for the same acter the rate of four pounds per antum ptor amt&b. Where oath 'VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall be made That if oath shall be made before any magistrate, lawfully im- of plunder crpoWered to take the same, of any such plunder or thefty and their, the examination in writing thereupon taken shall be delivered

to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding or division where-or of breaking in such fad shall be committed, or to his deputy; or if cash a ship, con- shall be made before any such magistrate of the breaking any tearytoi* lhig,

*75$.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19..57

ship, contrary to the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of Ann. ft.*.

the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne* and the exami* c*8-.and the

rlatiOaittiWEitingthcreupon taken (hah be delivered to such clerk SalT^ddU

of the peace, or his deputy; then such olerk of the peace shall vered to the

caltfette offender or offenders in any of the said cases to be forth* clerk of the

with prosecuted for the same, either in the county where the p!*£c'!, c l\*°

fast. (ha 11 be Committed, or in any county next adjoining; in offenderV

which adjoining county any indictment may be laid by any

other; pnrfecufor; and if the fast be committed in Wales*

theft the prosecution shall or may be carried on in the next and the char*

adjoining English county; and the necessary charges of suchgc#tobc Paid

prosecutions by the clerk of the peace shall be paid by the furerof the

treasurer of the county, riding or division where the fast shall be county.

committed, to such amount as the justices of the peace in their genettal or quarter sessions shall order and ascertain the same; and if inch clerk of the peace shall neglect or refuse to carry on

fuphi prosecution in due manner, he shall forfeit one hundred

pounds for every such offence, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or informa- le&ingto pro-

tien, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in fecute.for-

wrhich action no cfloin, protection, wager of law, or more than frits tool.

One imparlance shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the land tax, the deputy sheriff, the coroner, and the officers of excise in each county, riding and officers for division, shall be proper officers for putting in execution this putting this present act, and the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign a«d* Ann.

of her late majesty Quest) Anne, together with those therein ref- Cm !? r % '*j v a r ° in execution,

peftively named for that purpose.

X. And whereas by an act made in the third year of the reigk of hii late majesty King George the First* intituled, An act for the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of ships and vef- j Geo. *.c.i|i fels/rpm Dover* Deal* and the isle of Thanet* up the rivers of Thames and Medway* it is enacted* That the lord warden of the

of the cinque forts* two ancteni towns and their members, adjust and determine* within the Jpace of twelve hours, differences wkttb shall or may arise within the turifdiftron of the cinque ports relating tb the fahage of anchors and cables from which veffek shall or shay be forced by extremity of weather: now it is hereby enacted That the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, and the lieutenant of Dover Castle for the time being, ' and the deputy warden of the cinque ports for the time being; and the Officers for judge official and commissary of the court of admiiaJty of cinque ports, two ancient towns, and the members thereof, for in execution the time being* and all and every of them, and all and every within the li. other person and persons appointed or to be appointed by the berty of the lord warden of the cihque ports for the time being, pursuant to c>nquc the said act made in the third year of his late Majesty's reign, c*

shall be the persons to put in execution, within the liberty and

58 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19. [1755.

jurisdiction of the cinque ports, two ancient towns and their members, all the powers and authorities given and granted in and by this act, and in and by the before mentioned act of parliament made in the twelfth year of her said late majesty Queen Anne\ and also in and by the said act made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First; and also shall and may execute, perform and do, within the jurisdictions aforesaid, all the acts, matters and things contained in this and the before-mentioned Statutes, in like and as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as any justice or justices of peace, or any other person or persons, are by this and the said acts appointed or authorized to do in any other part of the kingdom.

Person* convicted of assaulting any magistrate or officer. &c. in the salvage of any vesselor goods, to be transported for 7 year*.

Justice in the absence of the sheriff may take a sufficient force to repress violence, &c.

Person* empowered to give orders, where any shall be assembled in case of a shipwreck, Uc.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any sheriff or his deputy, justice of the peace, mayor, or other magistrate, coroner, lord of a manor, commissioner of the land tax, chief constable or petty constable, or other peace officer, or any custom-house or excise officer, or other person lawfully authorized, shall be assaulted, beaten and wounded, for or on account of the exercise of his or their duty, in or concerning the salvage or preservation of any fhjp or vessel in distress, or of any ship or vessel, goods or effects, stranded, wreeked, or cast on shore, or lying under water, in any of his Majesty's dominions, then any person or persons so assaulting, beating and wounding, shall upon trial and conviction, by indictment at the assizes, or general gaol delivery, or at the general or quarter sessions for the couitly, riding or division, where such offence shall be committed, be transported for seven years to some of his Majesty's colonies in America, and shall be subject to such subsequent punishment, in case of return before that time, as Other persons under sentence of transportation are by the law subjected unto.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in case of need, and in the absence of the high sheriff, to take sufficient power of the county, to repress all unjust violence, and duly to enforce the execution of this act.

XIII. And to prevent confusion among persons assembled to save any ship, vessel, goods or effects, as aforesaid, either for want ot proper orders, or by contradictory orders; be it further enacted, That all persons so assembled shall conform in the first place to the orders of the matter or other officers or owners, or other persons employed by them; and for want of their pretence or directions, then in the next place to the orders of the persons authorized by this act, or the aforesaid act of Queen Anney in the like manner, in the following subordinatioa as any of the said persons shall happen to be present'; that is to say, in the first place, to the orders of any officer or officers of the customs; then of any officer or officers of the excise 5 then of the sheriff or his deputy; then of any justice or justices of the peace; then of the mayor or chief magistrate of any corporation;

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 19.

ration; then of the coroner, then of any of of

the land tax; then of any chief constable $ then of any petty

constable or other peace officers; and any person whatsoever

acting knowingly and wilfully contrary to such orders, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by warrant ^trary to

of one justice of the peace; and in case of non-payment the of- ordeMforfeit

fender shall be committed to the house of correction for any 5I.

time not exceeding three months.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That neither this act, nor any thing herein contained, shall anyway extend to deprive or prejudice his royal Majesty, his heirs or his of the successors, or any claiming under them, or any patentee or gran- crown, &c. tee of the crown, or any lord or lords of any manor or manors, reserved. or other person whomsoever, of or in relation to any right which they or any of them have or may have or lawfully claim to any wreck or wrecks, or any goods which are or shall be flot- famy jetfam or lagan, but that such respective rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, in every respect, as if this act had never been made.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer of the customs who shall act in the preserving of any ship or vessel in distress, or the cargo thereof, shall, as Examination soon as conveniently may be, cause or procure all persons be- 0A oath to be longing to the said ship or vessel, and others who can give any taken of the account thereof, or or the cargo thereof, to be examined upon ^P # na*c» oath before some justice of the peace, as to the name or descrip- owiwri^&c. tien of the said (nip or vessel, and the names of the matter,commander, or chief officer and owners thereof, and of the Owners of the said cargo, and of the ports or places from or to which the said ship or vessel was bound, and the occasion of the said ship's distress, which examination the said justices are hereby required to take down in writing, and they shall deliver a true copy thereof, together with a copy of the said account of the and a copy to goods, to the said officer of the customs, who shall forthwith betransmitted transmit the same to the secretary of the admiralty for the time to the secreta-being, who shall publish or cause to be published in the next7, °*.the ad* London Gazette, so much thereof as shall or may be necessary SJbhSed^ for the information of the persons interested or concerned therein, the Gazette.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the before-mentioned act of parliament made in the twelfth year of her said late majesty Queen Anne; and also an act made The a&i 1* \n the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George A"11*c*

the First, for inforcing and making perpetual the before-men- Jla#

tioned ad, and for infliding the punishment of death, on such to be in force as shall wilfully burn or destroy ships, shall in all things remain where not sain full force, lave only so far as the same are altered or changed t^Ted bytbii by this present act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall take place from the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Commence. fifty three. mentofthi*

15 Geo. c. 29.

60 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 2p# f753.

XVIII. Provided That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to that part of Great Britain Mot to extend called Scotland. to Scotland.

CAP. XX.

An act for encouraging and improving the ntanufaftotj of linen in the highlands of Scotland. V

WHEREAS by an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth year* of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on foreign cambrieks; and for allowing the reout a bounty upon a certain? species of British and Irish linens exported it was, amongst other things^ enabled^That out of the additional duty by the said act impdfedon foreign cambriehy there Should be given and paid in manner.> and upon the conditions therein mentioned, a bounty of one penny for every yard j^British and Irish linens made of hemp or flax of the value of six pence per yardy and not exceeding the value of twelve pence peryard; and of one halfpenny for every yard of such British and Irish linens under the value of six pence per yard which from and after the twenty fifth day of March, me thousand seven hundred and forty threey and within the term of seven yearly to commence from the said twenty fifth day of March, or at any time thereafter, before the end tf the then next session of parliament, Should be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, or Portugal, or which Should be exported to Spain, from and after the time that it Should be lawful to export such linen to that kingdom: and whereas by an act made in tje

lineps,

British or Irish linens, the payment of the said bounty is subject to certain regulations in the said act expressed*and whereas by another act made in the eighteenth year of thereigji.pfi his present Majesty, intitufedy An act for allowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of British and Irish linests, additional bounties were granted thereon, and the payment thereof and of the former bounties, was made subject to certain other regulations tn the said act expressed: and whereas by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for grantr ing to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, for thelervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of money for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in ibis feflfopf of parliament; and for applying a certainlum of money forde-fraying the charge of the allowances to fever&l officers andgen-tlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and three regjipsrtfft: ofhorse, lately reduced, for the year one thousand fev3n'hup- dred and forty seven 5 and for continuing the bounties of th^cx^ portation of British and Irishcoarfe linens; it was, aumgft'othfr things inaftedy That the bounties on the exportation of Britifty 4*/ Irish coarse linens Should continue to be paid under the regulations of \ the asti of the fifteenth, JixUenthy and eighteenth years of his Ma?

F 6 jefiys

18 Geo. i. t. 24.

18 Geo. 2.

C. 2J.

20 Geo. 2. c. 36.

6i

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 20-

jrfty's r/tgn; and that the same Should be paid out of such parts/ the old subsidy as is applicable to the payment of incidents: and whereas by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present* Gco*' Majesty* intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty the sum c* of one opllion oqt of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain sum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horse guards; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of British and Irt/h linens; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders or other orders* loft, burnt, or otherwise dellroyed; it was, amongst other things, enacted, That the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish coarse linens Should continue to be paid in like manner and under the like regulations, as directed by the acts of the fifteenth and JixteeHtb, and of the eighteenth years of his Majesty's reign, from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and, fifty, for and during the further.term of three y ear s, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and that the same,

Should be paid out of Jiub part of the old subsidy as is applicable to the payment of incidents: and whereas the manufacture of coarse linens* hath been increasedand improved in Great Britain and Ireland, it may reasonabfy be presumed that the manufacture of such linens may be carried on in places where the same hath been established\ and elsewhere, without the further continuance of any such bounty on the exportation thereof and whereas under the directions of the of end trufieos for improving fisheries and manufactures in Scotland, same progress hath been made in the manu factures of linens in the highlands of Scotland; for the better ciinlizing and improving whereof several previsions have been made in this present parliament manifestly conducive to the publick tranquility and welfare: and whereas the encouragement of the manufacture of coarse linens in those parts of the said highlands, wherein the manufacture of linens hath either not beta already established, or hath not already been advanced to any considerable degree of perfection, will be a further means of improving and civilizing the said highlands 5 and the success of any prerutfun for that purpose, will tend to the general good of the whole united kingdom, andcifoof Ireland; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliarrtent assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the expiration of the term for which the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish coarse linens by the said herein before-recited acts are granted, continued and made bounties on payable, the sum of three thousand pounds be paid yearly and exportation every year for the space of nine years, to the cashier of the said of British and commissioners and trustees for improving fisheries and manufacturel in Scotland, to be charged and chargeable upon, and pay- nwdVuln of

able

62 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 20. [1753.

3000I. to be able out of any the customs, duties, excises, or other revenues ^ears^u^of6n Scotland, introduced by virtue of the treaty of union, or to the^uties^n which the subjects of Scotland are or shall be liable; and to be Scotland, for applied by the said of and trustees for encouraging encouraging, and improving the manufacture of linens in the highlands of foaures^nu Scotland only, and only in those parts thereof, wherein the ma-nens iiftbe nufacture of linens hath either not been already introduced, or highlands. if the same hath been introduced, have not yet arrived to any considerable degree of perfection.

To what uses

II. Provided always, That no part of the said annual sum the said sum of three thousand pounds shall be applied by the said commifli- to heap- oners and trustees, for any other use or purpose whatsoever, plied. than for inftrU(^ing and exciting the inhabitants of that part of

Scotland, to raise, prepare and spin, flax and hemp to be used in the manufacture of coarse linen, and to weave yarn there spun into such linen, and for providing the said inhabitants with fit materials and utensils for those purposes, and for distributing rewards and prizes to the growers, preparers and spinners of such flax and hemp, and to the weavers and other manufacturers of such linen, in respect to the quantity or excellence of the flax or hemp so raised and prepared, and of the yarn so spun, wove, or otherwise manufactured; and for such other like uses, as by the said of and trustees shall be thought proper for promoting the true intent of this act.

No part to be

III. Provided also, That no part of the said annual sum of applied in en- three thousand pounds shall be applied by the said commission-couraging the and trustees for encouraging or improving within the limits

t*lc highlands, manufacture of sail cloth, or of any such linens as under the denomination of sail cloth are or may be intitled by law to any bounty on the exportation thereof.

How the said

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum is to be said annual sum of three thousand pounds shall be paid for the issued. purposes of this act, at such times, and by such warrants and orders, and in such manner, as the annual sum of two thousand

13 GEO. 1.C. 30

Commissioners yearly to make up accounts of the monies, and report their proceedings.

pounds, and the surplusfage of the duty on malt made in Scotland, are by an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign # of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled, An act for encouraging and promoting fisheries and other manufactures and /ar-provements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland) or by fetters patent under the great seal, appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the great seal thereof, directed to be paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of and trustees shall yearly and every Year, at the feast of the nativity of our Lord Christ, make up a faithful and exact account of the monies received and issued by their orders, together with a faithful and true report of their proceedings in the execution of the trust hereby reposed in them, and shall within the space of thirty days lay the said account and report before his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and shall also, within the like space of thirty days, lay true; copies of the said

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 21. 6$

account and report before the annual committee of the convention of the royal boroughs of Scotland, that they may perufeand examine the same, and lay before his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, such observations as they shall make thereon.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That At Christmas the said of and trustees shall, at the feast of the nativity of our Lord Christ in the year one thousand seven hun- for

dred and fifty three, propose and lay before his Majesty, his the applicati-heirs and successors, a plan or method for the application and on of the said distribution of the said sum of three thousand pounds hereby granted, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; # , elty*which plan or method being approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by writing under his or their sign manual, shall be in force and put into^execution, until the same shall be altered or varied in like manner and by like authority.

VII. Provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for and many the said of and trustees, in any other year, during other year the continuance of this act, at the said feast to propose and lay they"ay 1*7 before his Majesty, his heirs and successors, any other plan or fo/ SJefiis*11 method for the like purpose; which plan or method being in purpose, like manner approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his heirs

or successors, shall be in force and put into execution, until the same shall be in like manner altered or varied by like authority.

CAP. XXI.

An act for encouraging the silk manufactures of this kingdom and for securing the duties payable upon the importation of velvets, wrought ft Iks, and silks mixed with other materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the pdyment of the duties charged and made payable by divers acts of parliament, upon the importation of velvets, wrought ftlh, Ond silks mixed with other materials not manufactured in Great Britain, is frequently evaded by the subtil and fraudulent practices of evil-disposed persons, to the great discouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and the loss of his Majrfy s revenue: therefore for preventing such frauds and abuses for the fu-i ture, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all velvets, wrought silks, and silks Velvets, mixed with any other materials, (such velvets, wrought silks, jind silks mixed with any other materials, not being manufac- be fesUkxi be>-tured in Great Britain, and such wrought silks or silks mixed fore delivery as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be worn therein) which from the oof. shall be imported into this kingdom after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, shall, after the same have been entered at the custom-house, and be-^fore they ire ^charged by the officers, and delivered into the

64

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 21. Cx753

custody of the importer or his agent, be marked or feaJed at each end of every piece with such mark of seal, and by such officer or officers, as the respective of xff the customs in Great Britain shall direct and appoint for that purpose. Exporter of H* And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiutl, That the mid goods from and after the said twenty ninth day of September every per-to give notice son intending to export any such velvets, wrought silks or lilks th*^m>xcd with any other materials, as herein before are mentioned tomsf when an<* described, which shall have been imported into thisking-the same will dom after the said twenty ninth day of September, shall, before be packed up; such goods are shipped in order to be exported, give notice to the proper officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose by the respective of of the customs in Great Britain, when and where he will pack up the said goods in order to be exported, and the said of of the customs are hereby and the fcals impowfcred and required to cause such officer or officers to take are to be then care that such seals, (lamps or marks be taken off from every taken off. piece fQ intended to be exported, without fee or reward; and no person shall be intitled to the drawback allowed upon the exportation of such velvets, wrought silks or silks mixed as aforesaid, unless he shall have given such notice as herein before is directed, and until such seals, (lamps or marks shall be taken off by the proper officer or officers as aforesaid.

Velvets and

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wrought silks, from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand tithouMh seven hundred and fifty four, in case any velvets, wrought silks ou e or silks mixed with any other materials (such velvets, wrought silks or silks mixed with any other materials, not being manufactured in Great Britain, and such wrought silk or silks mixed as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be worn therein) shall be found in any (hop, warehouse or other place whatsoever upon land within this kingdom, not being marked or sealed as herein before directed upon both ends of every whole and intire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of such velvet, wrought silk or silk mixed as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and Audi and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and and be sold, secured in same or one of his Majesty's warehouses; and such One moiety to officer or officers is and are hereby indemnified for so doing;

and a|i such velvets, wrought silks or silks mixed as aforesaid, so seized and secured, shall after condemnation thereof in due course of law, be publickly sold to the bed bidder, and one moiety of the produce arising by the sale of such velvets, wrought silks or silks mixed as aforesaid, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the of-h'V*1*?1nficer or officers who shall seize and secure the same as aforesaid; ip w oecu -^person in whose cqstody or possession the goods so seized and secured shall be found, shall also for every such offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no velvets, wrought silks or silks mixed with any other materials

without the seals may be seized;

the crown, and the other tp theicizor;

tody, See. to tortcit aool.

The goods so seized not to

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 21. 65

rial^as aforesaid, which after the twenty ninth day of Septemberhe used in this cAiethsafand seven hundred and fifty four, shall be feizod and kingdom, fdiferad by virtue'of this act, or for any other cause of forfeit tur<y(hast be eonfdnted or uftd in this kingdom, but (hah be exported again/ and not. Ibid.otherwise than on condition to be expoftdd, and shall not be delivered out of the warehouse wherein the Ykmt shall hart? been secured, Until sufficient security be giveh that tilt same artd every part thereof shall be exported, and not landed again in any part of Great Britain.

V. And bfc it farther eriadted by the authority aforesaid, ThatPe^?n.scoa" if ctriy person or perftrftf fhfcll at any time forge or counterfeh^j^111* any stamp, mark or seal, to resemble.any fiamp, mark or seal which shall be ptbvMfed or used in pursuance of this acts, or shall forge or counterfeit the impression of any such fiamp, mark or seal upon imy goods required by this act to be damped, marked or sealed, or (halffelT or expose to sale any of the said goods with a counterfeit ftdmp, mark or seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all and every such offender or offenders, their aiders, Abettors and assistants, shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and (half to forfeit 500I. also be adjudged to stand on the pillory in some publick place and to be pil-for the space of two hours. ioried.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority a fore fe id. Pecuniary pe-That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, naltiei how to shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty'a* covered, courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at EdRntmrgb respectively, by action, bill, plaint or information, in the hame of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of One moiety to fotrie officer or officers of the customs; and that one moiety of the crown, the every such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his°*j?cr to the hetrr^nd-faccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer ^aUpr^ecute. or\5ffieeirs of the customs who shall inform and prosecute for tHMfeme.

H. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, officer neg-flmy officer or officers of the customs shall neglect or re- lecting to pro-ftte^*for the space 6f one month, to prosecute to effect any per- for on« fdifor 'persons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this a(^herh, erlbn inftjSed upon offenders against the same, that then it shall bemay lawful for any person or persons whomsoever to sue few, prose-rih^and recover the respective pecuniary penalties and torfei-ttJfatby this act inffidted, in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the officers of the customs; and one moi-erf of the said respfcdtive forfeitures, when recovered, shall in such case go artd be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs anA fyCcetlors, and the other moiety to the person or persons whftffial! sue or prosecute for the same respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a capias to That^ upon every action, bill, plaint or information entered and issue upon fil-fifea«aforesaid, for any pecuniary penalty imposed by this a!1 actio.a adfi^HTCapw# iu^he-Arft process shall and may issue, specifying^, atorma^*

66 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. [ 175

Defendant to the sum of the penalty sued forj and the defendant or defensive bail. dants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail or security by natural-born subjects, persons naturalized or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the courts out of which, such Capias shall issue at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution; and shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security by such persons as aforesaid in the said court, to answer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in case he, she or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their body or bodies to prison.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defen-r dant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general

enera ue. an<| give a<c^ an(j t^c special matter in evidence, at any

trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall, find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any vcrdid or de-Treble costs, murrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the lame as defendants hav&in other cases by law.

Proof where

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the goods if any velvets, wrought silks, or silks mixed as aforesaid, shall be "TV fe'ze<* by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and any doubt or on the cisdrn-C que^ion shall arise, where the said velvets, wrought silks, or silks cr. mixed as aforesaid, were manufactured, the proof shall lie upon

the owner or claimer thereof, and not upon the prosecutor, any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XXII.

An act for the purchase of the Museum, or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian collection of manuscripts; and for providing one general repository for the better reception and more convenient use of the said collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto.

[Will of Sir Hans Sloane.]

Whereas Sir Hans Sloane of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex Baronet, having, through the Course of many Years, with great Labour and Expence, gathered together whatever could be procured either in our own or foreign Countries, that was rare and curious, did, by a Codicil bearing Date the Twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and annexed to his last Will and Testament, after having expressed his Will and Desire that his Collection, in all its Branches, might be, if it were possible, kept and preserved together Whole and Intire, in his Manor House in the Parish of Chelsea, give, devise, and bequeath, to certain

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. 67

trustees therein named, all that his Collection or Museum, at, in, or about, his said Manor House, consisting of all his Library of Books, Drawings, Manuscripts, Prints, Medals, and Coins, ancient and modern, Seals, Cameas, and Intaglios, Precious Stones, Agates, Jaspers, Vessels of Agate and Jasper, Chrystals, Mathematical Instruments, Drawings, and Pictures, and all other Things in the said Collection or Museum, more particularly described and numbered, with short Histories or Accounts of them, with proper References in certain Catalogues by him made, containing Thirty-eight Volumes in Folio, and Eight Volumes in Quarto, (except such Pictures as are not marked with the Word Collection), to have and to hold to them and their Successors and Assigns for ever, for such Purposes, and with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, as in the said Codicil are expressed, willing and desiring thereby, that the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, should make their humble Application to His Majesty, or to Parliament, at the next Session after his Decease, as should be thought most proper, in order to pay the full and clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Executors, or the Survivors of them, within Twelve Months after his Decease, in Consideration of the said Collection or Museum; and also to obtain such sufficient and effectual Powers and Authorities for vesting in the said Trustees, all and every Part of his said Collection or Museum before-mentioned, in all its Branches; and also his said Capital Manor House, with such Gardens and Out-houses as should thereunto belong and be used by him at the Time of his Decease, and also the Water of or belonging to his Manor of Chelsea coming from Kensington; and also obtain a sufficient Fund or Provision for maintaining and taking Care of his said Collection and Premisses, and for repairing and supporting his said Manor House, Water-work, and Premisses; but in case Payment of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds should not be had and obtained, and made unto his Executors, or the

Survivors of them, within Twelve Months next after his Decease, and no such Act of Parliament should be obtained, for settling, preserving, establishing, maintaining, and continuing, his said Collection and Premisses, in such Manner as in his said Codicil is expressed, then, and not otherwise, his Will was, and he did in such Case thereby direct, That his said Executors, or the Survivors of them, should, for the like Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, sell and dispose of all and every Part of the said Collection and Museum, as before described, together with the Catalogues thereto belonging, for the Use of the several foreign Academies therein described, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and that in case the said offer should not be accepted by either of the said foreign Academies, his Executors, or the Survivors of them, should be at Liberty with all convenient Speed to sell and dispose of all and every Part of his said Museum or Collection, in the most speedy and advantageous Manner; and that the Monies arising by such Sale or Disposition should be considered as Part of his Personal Estate; and further his Will was, and he did thereby direct, That in case his said Collection should be sold or disposed of to either of the said foreign Academies, or in case of their Refusal, or Non-acceptance by his Executors, or the Survivors of them, that then his said Manor House and Garden, with the Appurtenances and the Water, should go and belong

68 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. [1753.

to such person or persons, and in such Manner, as he had given and devised the Rest of his Manors, Lands, and Tenements, at Chelsea, or elsewhere, as by the said Codicil, Relation being the reunto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas the said Sir Hans Sloane having, by several other Codicils of a subsequent Date, annexed to his said Will, added to the Number of the said Trustees, did, on or about the Eleventh Day of January One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, depart this Life: And whereas the said Trustees, or Seven or more of them, have, pursuant to The Will and Intention of the said Sir Hans Sloane, in this Session of Parliament, being the next Session after his Decease, made their Application for Payment of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, in consideration of the said Collection or Museum: And whereas the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, have consented

to the Removal of the said Museum or Collection from the Manor House at Chelsea, to any proper Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, if such Removal shall be judged most advantageous to the Publick, so as the said Collection be preserved intire without the least Diminution or Separation, and be kept for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, with free Access to view and peruse the same, at all stated and convenient Seasons agreeable to the Will and Intentions of the Testator, and under such Restrictions as the Parliament shall think fit: And whereas the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane is of much greater intrinsick Value than the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: And whereas all Arts and Sciences have a Connection with each other, and Discoveries in Natural Philosophy, and other Branches of speculative Knowledge, for the Advancement and Improvement whereof the said Museum or Collection was intended, do and may, in many Instances, give Help and Success to the most useful Experiments and Inventions; therefore to the End that the said Museum or Collection may be preserved and maintained, not only for the Inspection and Entertainment of the Learned and the Curious, but for the General Use and Benefit of the Publick; may it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[20,000l. to be paid to the executors of Sir Hans Sloane for his Museum, &c.]

That out of all or any of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the full and clear sum of Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be paid in Manner herein after mentioned to the Executors of Sir Hans Sloane, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, in full Satisfaction for the said Museum or Collection herein-before described, and for the Use of the said Manor House and Garden, with their Appurtenances, and of the said Water, until a more convenient Repository, more durable and more safe from Fire, and nearer to the chief Places of Publick Resort, shall be provided for the Reception of the said Museum or Collection, in Manner herein after mentioned.

[12 & 13 W. 3. c. 7.]

And whereas by an act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. 69

Westminster, called Cotton House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick, reciting, That Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington, in the County of Huntingdon, Baronet, did, at his own great Charge, and by the Assistance of the most learned Antiquaries of his Time, collect and purchase the most useful Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, in most Languages, of great Use and Service for the Knowledge and Preservation of our Constitution both in Church and State; and further reciting, That the said Library had been preserved with the utmost Care by Sir Thomas Cotton, Son of the said Sir Robert, and by Sir John Cotton, then living, Grandson of the said Sir Robert; and had been very much augmented by them, and lodged in a very proper Place in the said Sir John's ancient Mansion House at Westminster, for publick Use and Advantage; it was enacted, That the said Mansion House, with the Garden, and all other Appurtenances, and also the said Library, should be vested in Trustees in the said Act named, and their Successors, for ever, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and as for and concerning the said Library, and the Room wherein the same was or should be contained, together with a convenient Passage for resorting the reunto, upon this Trust and Confidence, that the said Trustees, and their Successors, should, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, as Occasion should require, inspect, consult, and take Care of the said Library, and other Particulars above-mentioned, and also make and appoint such Orders and Rules as they should think proper, for the reading and using the same, and for their better Preservation, and to the Intent and Purpose that the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, should nominate and appoint a good and sufficient Person, well read in Antiquities and Records, to have the immediate Care and Custody of the said Library:

[5 Ann. c. 30.]

And whereas by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing Her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster; reciting the said former Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; and also reciting, that since the making of the said Act, very little had been done in pursuance thereof, to make the said Library useful to the Publick, except what had been then lately done at Her Majesty's Charge, and that there was no Way or Passage to set it out, as the said Act did direct, nor could there be any Way or Passage to the same, but through the best Rooms of the House, which would render the House wholly useless to the Family; so that the Library could not be resorted unto, nor had any Orders or Rules been appointed for reading or using the same, and thereby the Publick was wholly deprived of the Benefit designed by the said Act; and that the Place wherein the said Library was then contained, was a narrow little Room, damp and improper for preserving the Books and Papers; and that Her Majesty, to the Intent so great a Treasure of Books and Manuscripts, so generously given for the publick Service, might not remain any longer useless, and in Danger of perishing for Want of due Care, and that it might be in Her Majesty's Power to make that most valuable Collection useful to Her own Subjects, and all learned Foreigners, had given Directions for treating with the said Sir John Cotton, for the Purchase of the said Cotton

70 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 21. [1753.

House and Garden; and that an Agreement had been made for the purchasing the Inheritance thereof for the Sum of four Thousand and five Hundred Pounds, which Her Majesty had directed to be paid on the investing the Inheritance of the Premises in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, which could not be done but by Act of Parliament, the said recited Act having directed it might not be sold or aliened; it was therefore enacted, That the said Capital Messuage called Cotton House, and the Garden and Buildings used and enjoyed with the same, with the Appurtenances, should be vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors: And it was thereby further enacted and declared, That a convenient Room should be built in or near Part of the said Ground thereby intended to be vested in Her Majesty, as Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, should, by Writing, under the Sign Manual, appoint; in which Room when built, all the said Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, as also all Coins, Medals, and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library contained, should be lodged and there remain to all Posterity; and that the said Room when built, should for ever be called and known by the Name of the Cottonian Library; and that from the Building thereof, the said Library should be managed and directed by the Trustees therein named, as Trustees to and for the Use of the Publick for ever: And whereas although the publick Faith hath been thus engaged to provide for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the Cottonian Library, a proper Repository for that purpose hath not yet been prepared; for the want of which, the said Library did, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, suffer by aFire,which consumed the House wherein the same was then placed, and what remains of the said Library still continues in the Room, to which upon the Occasion of the said Fire it was removed; and Persons desirous to view and consult the Treasure of Books and Manuscripts therein contained, cannot conveniently resort thereunto:

[Will of Arthur Edwards, esq;]

And whereas Arthur Edwards, late of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, being desirous to preserve for the publick Use the said Library, and to prevent the like Accident for the future, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, give, devise, and bequeath, unto the Trustees of the said Library, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds (if his Effects real and Personal, not before disposed of by that his Will and Testament, should, after the Decease of Mistress Elizabeth Milles, amount to so much) to erect in a proper Situation such a House as might be most likely to preserve that Library, as much as can be, from all Accidents; but if it should so happen, that before this Part of his Will could take Place, there should be erected such a proper Building for this Use, then he did give, devise, and bequeath, the aforesaid Sum of Seven thousand Pounds to the said Trustees, to be employed in purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, ancient Coins, Medals, and other Curiosities, as might be worthy to increase and enlarge, the said Library; and did also thereby give to the said Trustees of the said Library, to be placed in some By-room or Corner thereof, all his Books, and the Cases in which they were then placed, and also his Pictures in his said Last

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. 72.

Will and Testament described; which Books, Book Cases, and Pictures, he did desire and require might be delivered and given, as soon after his Decease as might be, to be placed in the said Library; and which, with the Approbation of the said Trustees, have been placed according to such Desire in the said Library; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The legacy of 7000l. on the decease of Elizabeth Milles, to be applied by the trustees appointed by this act.]

That when and as soon as the said Legacy of Seven thousand Pounds shall on the Decease of the said Elizabeth Milles become payable to the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, the same shall be paid to the Trustees by this Act appointed, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, or to such person or persons as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, shall be authorized to receive the same; to be applied by the said Trustees hereby appointed, either towards erecting or providing a proper Repository for the Cottonian Library; or if such Repository shall be erected or provided before the said Legacy shall become payable as aforesaid, towards purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, ancient Coins, Medals, and other Curiosities, as may be worthy to increase and enlarge the said Library; and that the Acquittance of any person or persons authorized by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting assembled to receive the said Legacy of Seven thousand Pounds, shall be, and be accepted as a sufficient Discharge to the Executors and Representatives of the said Testator, for the Payment of the said Legacy.

---

III. And whereas the right honourabk Henrietta Cavendish Holies, i0, ooool. to bs countess of Oxford and countess Mortimer, relitI of Edward earl paid to the of Oxford and earl Mortimer, and the mofi noble Margaret Caven- trustees of the dish dutthefs of Portland their only daughter, have expressed their t^ of Oxford approbation of a proposal for the purchase of the valuable collection for the Har-of manuscripts, colic fled by the said tars and by Robert earl of Ox- leian manu-ford and earl Mortimer his father, in cmsideration of the sum of scripts, ten thousand pounds, upon condition that the same shall be kept together in a proper repository^ as an addition to the Cottonian Library, and be called by the name of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, the full and clear sum of ten thousand pounds shall be paid by order of the said trustees hereby appointed for the purposes herein after mentioned, to the trustees for the said earl and countess, to whom by an indenture quadrupartite, made the second day of August in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, the said collection of manuscripts among other things was assigned for the purposes in the said indenture mentioned; the said collection of manuscripts to be placed and continued in the same repository in which the Cottonian Library is herein after directed to be placed; and until the said repository shall be erected or provided, in manner herein after mentioned, to be preserved in the place where the same is now lodged, or in same other convenient place to be approved by the said trustees by this act appointed, or the major part of them in a general meeting assembled, at the

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. [1753.

costs and charges of the said trustees for the said earl and counters, and of the furviyOrs and furvtror of them, and the executors, administrators and assigns of such survivor, and of the person or persons to whose use the said sum of ten thousand' pounds shall be payable for the said collection.

Trustees for And be it ^urt^cr enacted by the authority aforesaid,

putting this That the archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, the lord aft in execu- chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal of Great Britain for tion# the time being, the lord treasurer of Great Britain, or the first

commissioner of the treasury for the time being, the lord president of the council for the time being, the lord privy seal for the time being, the lord high admiral of Great Britain\ or the first commissioner of the admiralty for the time being, the lord de-ward of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, the bishop of London for the time being, each of the principal secretaries of (late for the time being, being a peer or lord of parliament, the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, each of the principal secretaries of (late for the time being, not being a peer or lord of parliament, the chancellor of che exchequer forthetime being, the lord chief justice of the court of king's bench for the time being, the mailer of the rolls for the time being, the chief justice of his Majesty's court of eommon pleas at Westminster for the time being, his Majesty's attorney general for the time being, his Majesty's solicitor general for the time being, the president of the royal society for the time being, the president of the college of physicians for the time being, together with the right honourable Charles lord Cadogan, and Hans Stanley esquire, and together with Samuel Burroughs and Thomas Hart esquires, two of the present trustees to the Cottonian Library, (having been so appointed by the heirs male of the body of the said Sir Robert Cotton, in pursuance of the said herein before-recited acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King William the Third, and in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne) and together with the most noble William duke of Portland, and the right honourable Edward earl of Oxford and earl Mortimer\ shall be trustees for putting this act in who are to execution, and that they, or the major part of them in a ge-apprintfifteen nera^ meeting assembled, whereof the said archbishop, of Can associates, terbury> the lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the speaker of the house of commons, shall be three, shall, in such manner as they shall think fit, elect and nominate fifteen other persons to be associated to them in the execution of the trusts hereby in them reposed 5 which fifteen persons so elected and nominated shall be continue tni- ar* continue for the term of their natural lives trustees for put-ftces for life, ting this act in execution, with the like power in all respects as Election of hereby is given to the trustees herein before first appointed; and new trustees when any of the said trustees so elected and nominated shall die, the room ofm the trustees herein before first appointed, and their successors, such as shall shall in like manner ele<ft and nominate a fit person or persons to die. supply the place or places of him or them so dying, and so toties

quoties

73

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 222

quotin any of the said trustees so elected and nominated, or others so elected and nominated to supply their places, shall happen to die.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when either the said Charles lord Cadogan or Hans Stanley shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the survivor to by the nominate another fit person to succeedthe deceased in the place death of lord of a trustee so vacant; and after the decease of both of them Cadogan or (the said Charles lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley) it shall and may Iians Stanlft>r* be lawful for the heirs male of their bodies, and upon failure of the heirs male of the body of either of them, to and for the heirs male of the body of the other of them, being of full age, or their respective guardian or guardians during their minority, to nominate a trustee for the purposes of this act, in the room of the person last nominated by the survivor of them; and so as often as any person supplying the place of the said Charles lord Cadogan or Hans Stanley shall happen to die.

VI. Provided also, and be it ended by the authority afore- Noraination of said. That when either the said Samuel Burroughs or Thomas a trustee va-Hart shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for Frances cant by the Hanbury widow and relict of Francis Hanbury esquire (which death of Sa-Frances Hanbury is the heir general of the said Sir Robert Cotton) roughs or and after her decease to and for the heirs male of her body, be- Thomas Hart, ing of full age, and in default of such issue, to and for her first, second, third, fourth, and every other daughter severally, fuc-cdfively and in remainder one after another, in order and course as they respectively shall be irt priority of birth, and the several and respective heirs male of the bodies of such daughters, being of full age, or the respective guardians of the heirs male of the said Frances and of her said daughters, during their minority, to nominate another fit person to supply the place of the deceased trustee, and so as often as any person supplying the place of either of the said trustees shall happen to die.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Nomination of aforesaid. That when either the said William duke of Portland, a trustee va-or the said Edward earl of Oxford and earl Mortimer, herein be- cant by the fore appointed trustees for the purposes of this act shall die, it jja^dukeof" shall and may be lawful to and for the said countess of Oxford and Portland, or countess Mortimer, and the said dutchess of Portland, or the Edward earlof survivor of them, and after the decease of the said countess and Oxford, dutchess, to and for the heirs male of the body of the said dutchess, being of full age, or their guardian or guardians during their minority; and upon failure of such heirs male, to and for the heirs male of the body of Edward now earl of Oxford and earl Mortimer, being of full age, or their guardian or guardians during their minority, to nominate another fit person to supply the place of the said duke or the said earl; and upon the death of any person so supplying the place of either of them, to nominate another fit person in his (lead, and so as often as any person so supplying the place of either of them shall happen to die.

74 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. [1753.

Trustees so

VIII. And be it declared and enacted by the authority afore-nominated, That the trustees so to be nominated by thesurvivor of the

inverted with said Charles lord Caiogan and Hans Stanley, and by the heirs male like powers, of the bodies of them, or either of them, or the respective guardians of such heirs male, in manner aforesaid, and by the aid countess and dutchess, or the survivor of them, or by such heirs male of the said dutchess, or of the said now earl of Oxford and Mortimer as aforesaid, or by their guardian or guardians in manner aforesaid, shall have the like power in all respeds in the execution of this act, as is hereby given to the trustees herein before first named and described.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That with-A general re- in the cities of London or Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, poutory to be one general repository shall be eroded or provided in such con-the reception ven, ent place, and in such manner, as the trustees hereby ap-©fSloane'smu- pointed, or the major part of them at a general meeting aftem-feum, the Cot-bled shall direct, for the reception not only of the said Museum? toman Libra- or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Li-{3anufcrfpts! brary* anc* of the additions which have been or shall be made and Edward's thereunto by virtue of the last will and testament of the said additions. Arthur Edwards, and likewise of the said Harleian collection of manuscripts, and of such other additions to the Cottonian Library, as with the approbation of the trustees by this act appointed, or the major part of them at a general meeting assembled, shall be made thereunto, in manner herein after mentioned, and of such other collections and libraries as with the like approbation shall be admitted into the said general repository; which several collections, additions and library so received into the said general repository, shall remain and be preserved therein for publick use to all posterity.

X. Provided always, That the said Museum or collection of Sir Hans Sloane in all its branches, shall be kept and preserved together in the said general repository whole and intire, and with proper marks of distmdion.

XI. Provided also, That the said Harleian collection of manuscripts shall be kept together in the said general repository, as be an addition an addition to the Cottonian Lifyary.

nian Library.

XII. Provided always, That until the said general repository The museum erc&cc* or provided in manner before-mentioned, the

to remain in said collection or Museum of Sir Hans Sloane shall remain in his the manor- said manor-house for publick use, under the care of such person house till a ge- or persons as by the said archbishop of Canterbury, lord chan-to^bVpro-" ce^or» ororc* deeper, and the speaker of the house of com-yided.*mons, or any two of them, shall be nominated for that purpose, with such salary or salaries, and allowances for attending and preserving the same, as by all the trustees by this act appointed, or the major part of them in a general meeting assembled, shall be limited and directed; and the said Museum or collection shall there he visited and seen by all persons desirous to view the same, under such rules as by the said trustees, or the major part of them in like manner assembled, shall be establish-

c4i

The museum to be kept in tire.

The Harleian collection to

75

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22;

ed; and that until the said Museum or collection shall be removed to the said general repository hereby intended to be erected or provided, the expence of preserving the said Museum or collection, and of repairing and supporting the said manor-house and premisses, shall be defrayed by the said trustees out of such monies as shall be payable to them fqr that purpose by virtue of this act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Whentbemu-Caid, That when and as soon as the said Museum or collection feum shall be shall be removed into the said general repository, then and from removed, the thenceforth the said manor-house and garden, with their appur- ^anor-house, tenances and water, shall go and belong to such person or per- the othfrlands fans, and in such manner, as the said Sir Ham Sloane hath given devised by Sir and devised the rest of his said manors, lands and tenements at Hans Sloane. Chilfea or elsewhere.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The trustees That for the better execution of the purposes of this act, the incorporated said trustees hereby appointed shall be a body politick and cor- jjf Th^tru*porate in deed and name, and have succession for ever, by the ftees of the" name of The trustees of the British Museum; and by that name British muse-Shall sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, in all courts nm*

and {daces within this realm; and shall have power to have and use a common seal to be appointed by themselves; and to make by-laws and ordinances for the purposes of this act; and to assemble together when, where and as osten, and upon such notice as to them shall seem meet, for the execution of the trust hereby in them reposed; and shall also have full power, capacity and ability to purchase, take, hold and enjoy, for the purposes of this act, as well goods and chattels, as lands, tenements and hereditaments, so as theyearly value of such lands shall not exceed five hundred pounds above all charges and reprizes; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute and law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, -. ^ces. That the trustees so appointed and incorporated by this act, or the major part of them at any general meeting assembled, shall makestatutet. from time to time, and as often as they shall think (it, make, constitute and establish such Statutes, rules and ordinances for the custody, preservation and inspection of every part of the several collections hereby intended to remain in the said general repository, as to them shall seem meet; and shall and may in like manner assign such salaries and allowances as they shaft think fit to the officers and servants, who in manner herein after mentioned shall be appointed to attend and assist in the care and preservation of the several coftedions contained in the said general repository; and,

shall and may at their pleasure in like manner suspend or remove Varies to°in any such officer or servant for misbehaviour or neglect of duty, their officers.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the principal librarian, to whom the care and custody of the said Nomination of general repository shall be chiefly committed, shall from time to i&rwzn? time be nominated and appointed in manner followingj that is

No officer* place to be supplied by a deputy.

76 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 12; [1753.

to say, the said archbishop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the speaker of the house of commons, or any two of them, shall recommend to his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, two persons, each of whom they shall judge fit to execute the said office; and such of the said two persons so recommended as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by writing under his or their lign manual shall appoint, after he shall become bound to the said trustees by this act appointed, for the due and faithful difeharee of his office, in such penal sum not being less than one thousand pounds, as the said trustees at any general meeting assembled, or the major part of them, shall think proper, shall have and hold the said office during such time as he shall behave well therein.

Nommation of

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers.0 1 C That the rest of the officers and servants whose attendance and assistance shall be necessary in the care and preservation of the said general repository, shall from time to time be nominated and appointed by the said archbishop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the speaker of the house of commons, or any two of them.

XVIII. Provided always, That no such person to whom the care and custody of the said general repository shall be chiefly committed, nor any of the rest of the said officers or servants, unless in Cases of occasional Sickness, or other necessary Cause of Absence, to be approved by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them, shall be permitted to supply his Place by a Deputy.

Assistants and

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That the person, to whom in manner aforesaid the care and custody of the said general repository shall be chiefly committed, shall and may be assisted by such subordinate officers and servants, as in manner aforesaid shall be appointed continually to assist him in the execution of his duty.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Museum or collection of Sir Hans Shane, from and after payment of the said sum of twenty thousand pounds, and the said manor-house and garden, with the appurtenances and water, until the said Museum or cohesion shall be removed to the said general repository; and also the said Cottonian library and additions thereunto; and the said Harleian collection of manuscripts, from and after payment of the said sum of ten thousand pounds; and the said general repository, when the same shall be erected or provided for the use thereof, shall be vested in the find trustees by this act appointed, and their successors, for ever; upon this trust and confidence nevertheless, That a free access to the said general repository, and to the collections therein contained, shall be given to all studious and curious persons, at such times and in such manner, and under such regulations for inspecting and consulting the said collections, as by

the

subordinate

officer*.

Museum, 8cc. vested in the trustees.

77

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto GeorcSii II. C. 42.

the said trustees, or the major part of them in any general meeting assembled, shall be limited for that purpose.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs the^tnutces0 and successors, at any time hereafter, by letters patent or inden- any bujid^g. ture under the great seal of Great Britain, to give and grant &c. for a ge-unto the said trustees and their successors in perpetuity, for the neral repoBto-purposes of this act, the right or use in or of any room, meflii- ry*

age or building, or rooms, messuages or buildings, with the appurtenances, or any ground or site, requisite for the erection of the said general repository, or for making any addition thereto} any restrictions, or matter or thing contained in an acte of parliament made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne % intituled, An act for the better support of her Ma- iAnn.ft.i. c. 7. jessy's houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crown; or any f* 5* other law or Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bodiespolitick That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, and corporate, trustees, mortgagees and feoffees' in trust, guardians and committees for infants, lunaticks and ideots, execu-^nds &c tors and administrators whatsoever, and to and for all femes to ti, e trustees covert, who are or shall be seised of any lands, tenements or for such repo-hereditaments, in their own right, and to and for all and every fitory. other person and persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, to sell and convey to the said trustees and their successors, or to such person or persons as they, or the major part of them at any general meeting assembled, shall appoint, all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates and interects, or any part thereof, as the said trustees, or the major part of them, shall purchase, for the purpose of erecting or providing such general repofftory as aforesaid; and all contracts, agreements, sales and conveyances which shall be made by any such bodies politick or corporate, or collegiate, or other persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes j any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding: and that every such sum of money as shall be paid for the purchase of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, to or for the use of any such body politick or corporate, or other person as aforesaid, shall be respectively laid out in the purchase of lands, tenements and hereditaments, and settled to and upon, and subject to such titles, uses, trusts, limitations, remainders and contingencies, as the said lands, tenements and hereditaments, purchased by the said trustees, were settled, limited and assured at the time of such purchase, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly; and that until such purchases shall be made, the money shall be vested in some of the publick funds, or government securities, at interect, which shall be paid to or for the use of such person or persons as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements and hereditaments.

78 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. [1753.

Reservation to

XXIII. Saving nevertheless to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-all other per- cessors, and to all and every person and persons, bodies politick

in their richtt anc* corPorate? their heirs and successors, executors or admini-to s ft ra for 9, other than and except the trustees and visitors by the said Sir Hans Sloane appointed by his codicil herein before recited, and other than and except the trustees of the Cottonian library, and the trustees for the said countess of Oxford and countess of Mortimer, all such right, title, estate or interest in or to the premisses hereby vested in the trustees by this act appointed, and their successors, as thfey or any of them had or might enjoy if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 300, 0001. to

XXIV. And for raising money to satisfy and discharge the be ndfed for several sums that will be necessary for the purposes afore-men-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and and natives or may b lawful for any person, native or foreigner, or bpdy po-fbreigners litick or corporate, to contribute or advance for or towards rai-may contri- sing a sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds in the bute thereto. whole, by paying at or before the respective days or times herein after appointed in that behalf, unto such receivers as shall be in pursuance of this act appointed for that purpose, or one of them, the sum of three pounds, or divers entire sums of three pounds, so as no person, or body politick or corporate, shall be allowed to contribute more than twenty such entire sums; for which sum or sums so advanced every such contributor so advancing the same shall be intitled to receive, by virtue of this act, such sum or sums of money as is or are hereby directed or appointed 3 and every such sum of three pounds shall be paid to such receivers, or one of them, at such office as shall be appointed by the said receivers for that purpose (of which appointment publick notice shall be given in the London Gazette) in manner following; that is to say, one pound, part of every such sum of three pounds, shall be paid on or before the twenty-fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and the remaining two pounds on or before the twenty-sixth day of October following.

Managers of the lottery appointed. Books to be prepare? by them with 3 columns, and 50, 000 printed tickets. Form, &c. of the tickets. Four of the managers to be appointed receivers of the contributions. There shall be printed 50, 000 tickets, 4, 159 tickets shall be the fortunate tickets, mix* x 1 o, oooo 1. 1 5, 000 1. a 2, 0001. 10 1,000 1. xc 5001. 130 100 1. 1,000 sol. 3, 000 101. which, with 2001, to the firit drawn ticket, and 300I. to the lait drawn ticket, will amount to 100, 0001. which, together with the like sum payable in respect of the corresponding tickets, amount, together to 200, 0001. Drawing of the lottery to be on 26 Nov. 1753. Receivers may take in the contributions, not exceeding 20 from oneper-fbn; and are to exhibit an account of the monies received and di&burled.

too I.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

mnagers ^at out ^e monies to be contributed by this act it shall

5*and may be lawful for such archbishop, lord chancellor or lord

keeper, and speaker, or any two of them, in like manner to

79

*753-3 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22.

cause payment to be made made to each and every of the said managers and directors of the sum of one hundred pounds each, for and in consideration of their labour or trouble in the execution of the several matters herein before directed to be by them,

done and performed; and over and above the same allowance, t^aordinar^to to cause in like manner payment to be made to each of the said the receivers, receivers of the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds for his labour and trouble in executing the; said office of receiver; and a"d »ooI. to also the further Turn of one hundred pounds to each of the per- ^aking0o»t Tons heitby appointed to make and deliver certificates in excertificates for change for the tickets in the said lottery, in manner herein after the tickets, mentioned, for their respective labour and trouble in making out and delivering such certificates; and that all the refiduc of Residue of the money arising and to be contributed by virtue of this act, t^.c m°ney*. and paid into the bank of England, for the purposes of this act* of tLPprSes^ after payment made by the governor and company of the bank &c. to be of England, or money sufficient reserved for the payment of the lodged in the sum and sums of money hereby directed to be issued to the pro- bank, &c. prietors of the fortunate tickets in the lottery hereby established, and other the allowances to be made pursuant to this act, shall be from time to time paid out of the bank of England* in such manner and in such proportions, and to such person or persons* as the said trustees, or the major part of them, at any general meeting assembled, by their order in writing shall dujcft and appoint; and the said governor and company of the bank, of Eng-d to°trustees* land are hereby directed to make payment of all such films o£or<jCrs. money, as by the said archbishop, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and speaker, or any two of them, in manner aforesaid, or by the said trustees, or the major part of them, in manner herein after-mentioned shall be ordered to be paid, and shall suffer fitch person or persons as the said trustees, or the major part of them, at any general meeting assembled shall appoint for that purpofo by writing, to inspect the accounts thereof; all which payments so to be made for or in respect of the lottery established by this, aft, shall be free from any rates, taxes, duties or impofiriona whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of fell-That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ing chances of ticket or tickets in the said lottery for a day or part of a day, or tickett, &c. for a longer rime than shall be less than the whole rime of drawing the lottery; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of the repayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate, or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket Gr of laying or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of fucfoticket wagers rtlas-or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn inS tom the fortunate or unfortunate: and all and every person and persons S Q* who shall offend in any of the afore-mentioned matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to be recovered by action 6 9f

F the forfeiture.

Penalty of keeping an office, or publiflung any icheme, &c.

8a Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22. tl753.

of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such lale, wager or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared to De null and void.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall keep any office, or print or publish any scheme or proposal for receiving any sum or Turns of money, in consideration of an interest to be granted for the same in any ticket or number of tickets in the said lottery, or in consideration of any sum or Aims to be repaid in case any ticket or number of tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate, all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the Arm of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wesbmnfter, in which no essoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same, and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

XLII. And whereas many and great inconveniencies have arisen upon the occafm of former lotteries by the excejfhe advance of tbd price of tickets9 especially during the time of drawing such lotteries; for remedy thereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to fell, buy, alienate, deliver or receive, by way of bargain or sale, any ticket in the said lottery, or any receipt for tickets to be made out in pursuance of this act; and every person who shall so fell, alienate or deliver any ticket or receipt for tickets, shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds for every ticket which-(hall be so fold, alie^-nated or delivered, and for every ticket which shall be contained in any receipt for tickets so fold, alienated or delivered; and shall upon conviction be committed to the county gaol, there, to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of one caJenaaf 'month, and until the sums so forfeited as aforesaid (htll be fully paid and satisfie^l $ and every person so buying or receiving Aich ticket or receipt for tickets shall forfeit and lose the same, and shall not be intitled to receive any benefit from the drawing such tickets; all which penalties shall and may be recovered by adti-Application ofon or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at the penalties. Westminster, or before any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county, city, division ot liberty where such offence shall be committee), or the offender shall be found, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer)

Penalty on persons who mail fell or buy tickets, &c. after 24 Nov.

17^3.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 11. 8i

fter) all such penalties to be applied, one third part to the life of his Majesty, his heirs and succeslbts, one other third part thereof to the informer, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the parirti where such offence shall be committed; and p

in case any person shall find himself aggrieved by any determi- eyed°mayfp^ nation of the justices, it shall be lawful for such person to appeal to the P peal to the quarter-sessions for the said county, city, division or quarter fefll-liberty, whose determination shall be final. ons»

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all receipts and if- Penalty of of-sues, and all other things directed by this act to be performed ficers taking by any officers or persons, for or in respect of the lottery ot^cr^s^an hereby established, shall be performed by them without any jow^by this, other fee, gratuity or reward, than what shall be allowed by vir- or of tue or under authority of this act; and in case any such officer otherwise be-or person shall take or demand any fee or reward, otherwise than , n9 as aforesaid, or shall divert or apply any of the (urns to be paid of pursuant to thisd, otherwise than according to the intent of their duty, this act, or shall not keep books, and eause entries to be madfc, and do and perform all other things which by this act they are respectively required to do and perform, every such officer shall forfeit his place, and shall answer and pay treble damages and costs of suit to any adventurer, or the executors, adrainistrators or assigns of any adventurer, or to any other person or persons that will sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, hill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at W$firf{inster^ wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, injunction or order of restraint, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed or grantedj and in the said action the plaintiff, upon recovery, shall have full costs; one third part of which sum Application of ib to be recovered shall he paid into the bank of England, to be the forfeiture* applied towards carrying into execution the purposes of this act; and the other two thirds thereof shall be to the use of him, her or them, who shall sue for the same.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the If the whole authority aforesaid, That in case the whole number of one huti- number of dred thousand tickets in such intended lottery shall not be subscribed or contributed for, or the residue (if any untubferibed) bribed for] shall not be declared by the said trustees, or the major part of 8cc. them, at any general meeting assembled, ' to be drawn and riiqued for the purposes of this act (which declaration the said trustees, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized to make) then and in such case the said managers and directors, Or the major part of them, shall "apportion two third parts of the money that dlrcf*?f# shall hav$ been actually contributed for the purchase of such two^hirds of other tickets, in prizes, accord ng to their discretions, having the iqoney regard, as near as may be, to the distribution of prizes or for- contributed, tunate lots by this act appointed for the said whole number ofin Pr^ss» one hundred thousand tickets, so as no such prize be for less than ten pounds, and no other greater prize be computed for and tQ.any fradional part of a pound, and shall eause publick notice publick notice to be given thereof \ and then, and in such case only, such a thereof.

and such9number only'of tickets to be drawn as shall be subscribed for*

Within 40 days after drawing the lottery, the pnse tickets to be exchang ed for certificates 2

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c^22. [1753.

number of tickets as shall serve to answertiie e*act numbertof tickets as shall have been subscribed or cdhtributed for, " or r!f-qued by the said trustees as aforesaid, i^d!vtiroiber of blanks and prizes, and (bch farm in pricks, 'f 2^fii^been apportioned as aforesaid, shall be cat and p^ihrttftfie Itveral proper boxes, and drawn oat in manner by this act diiroedr; any thing in this act before contained to the^ebntriry1 ih<h#5f in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And to the end that all and every thie payttkritS^jpbh the fortunate tickets maybe more easily and dufy^foaditfi^ffie persons who shall be intitled thereto; oe it ftilth# the authority aforesaid, That within the space of forty ter the said drawing shall be compleated and end^d, "the fortunate tickets lb to be drawn as aforesaid^fhaR be for certificates, to be signed by the managers 0? dht&oriflic in after appointed for that purpose, or the magw them; which certificates shall be made upon paper, dcWcnm the sum or Tams to be paid to the perron or perfbrtimtftlt to the fortunate tickets in lieu whereof filth certificates^ ffifil be given; and the said managers and directors shall give iJdb-lick notice of the days and times for taking in the said and for delivering out the certificates for and in lieurbfj same; and every certificate shall be numbered as near is^be, in such course and order, as the tickets for which the1 fa are to be made out, shall be brought to the said mana^r^nd directors; for which purpose, books shall be kept, whero&bfffttpl be entered the name of every person bringing any ticket Or tiei-ets so to be exchanged, and the number or number? oFISch ticket or tickets, and the day of the month and the ydar of ttor Lord when the same was so brought in; which book-arid books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking irirji Be said tickets so to be exchanged, to the intent the same perused by all persons concerned; and also that any pdfoti^r persons may include as many tickets into one certificate, 9a if^ shall think fit, which certificate shall he made out unto told!In the name of the respective person or persons who shall said tickets to be exchanged for the said certificate or certified or whose name shall be indorsed on the said tickets as tto ers or proprietors thereof; and such certificates shall intitkTfijeh owners or proprietors or their order or assigns, tb the fiifl (Urns therein respectively expressed to be due; and shalf be ] able and paid by the governor and company of the bank of landyox their caftiier or cashiers, upon demand, out of the^ that shall have been paid into the bank of England1 by the find receivers for the purposes of this act.'J

XLVI. And whereas the making and delivering of certifhatkfSn ^change for the fortunate tickets of the said loft try* imdthe dtSer tnattets and things directed by this act to be done and petfortnhffby the said managers and directors, subsequent 1? the drawing of {them* terjy will not nectffarily require the jervict and attendant*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. aa*, 8$

i, nifflefjffyfk managers and dirtflcrtj be it therefore. enafr-

r^e, ^utfrprity aforesaid, That the said four managers and The reed. JpfS ^|hall be, in puffuanc/e of this act appointed receivers ex-oyte gontffootfoj^sjo foe said lottery, or such of them as shall ^Cjfoen, living*. fojilJ he and arc hereby authorized and required certificates* ^C^h^pg^ t^e Xaid fortunate tickets for certificates, and to do all otnefaits, matters and things, which are by this act appointed J»pd djire&ed to be done, executed and performed, by the jfi^agage!$3tid directors after the drawing of the lottery, and all things, to be done and performed by the said mi-

--jrf( io appoirUed for exchanging tickets for certificates, or

- jOr part of them, dull be as good, valid and effectual, to tsand purposes, as if the same had been done, perform-ex ecu ted, by all the managers and directors appointed The rest of id from and after such end made of the drawing of the manager* e rest of the said whole number of managers and rjfcj!ar£". be discharged from all future service and attend- {g^e£gqgared (rpm and incumbent upon them by virtue of this drawing is*over.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ah prite tie-the proprietors of the fortunate tickets to be drawn in the ket, to be -lottery as aforesaid, and each of them, shall on or before brought in; thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred afld ^<^exc, hpJ5* yfoqr, apply to the said managers and directors, for ex-31

|itjg tickets for certificates, and deliver for that purpose ofrunate tickets so to be exchanged; and that in defruh No certificate* typiqof.^ia certificates shall be given in exchange for any fortu- tobeafter-Jtq tkkets, not brought in for that purpose, on or before that rant* ay.i apd the governor and company of the bank of England, or a

efr, cashier or caftuers, shall not pay any sum or sums of mo- but the bank yplufih would have otherwise been due on such fortunateto detain the "not brought in to be exchanged for certificates, on or"tha

Jjt said thirty ifirst day of December one thousand seven accountoftb« and fifty four, but shall detain all such foot and sums trustee*.

/ m foeir hands, and bring the same to the account of^trustees, to be applied by them, or the major part of for the other purposes of their trust.

(fill; And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application of Jtp mopies which shall arise from the said lottery, subject to the monies a.

charge °( management thereof, after payment made, or mo- ^"8 by*" nfoqfcient reserved for the payment of the sums hereby di- act'

dto be issued to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets, ropriated, and in manner herein. after mentioned,

□, applied, and reserved to the several uses, intents and pmpofes herein after expressed, and to no other use, intent or ^purpose whatsoever; that is to say. In the first place the foil

jvCleor torn of twenty thousand pounds, part thereof, shall, to, 0001. to me- the eleventh day ol January one thousand seven hundred the executor* L f$y/four, be issued by order of the said trustees, or the |fs, r Ha, M

..jor part or them, at any general meeting assembled, to the 81"e'

executors of Sir Hans Sltant, or the survivor* or survivor of them,

G a in

illuec

' 84 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. [x7$$f

in consideration of his said Museum or cOlle&ion» and benefit of the said manor house and garden, with th^jgprtr purtenances and water, until such time as the said.collection shall be removed to the said general rtpofit0ry> in thP: 1 thecounteis next P*ace> and , n like raan^ &aU beiffuedfcy the of Oxford. tess or Oxford and countess Mortimer, and her, trustees* th^feUrr;

and clear sum of ten thousand pounds, or fp much thereof* (iWv together with the legacy of seven thousand pounds bequeathed to the trustees of the Cottonian Library, in manner above mentioned, shall be sufficient, in case the said legacy shall, before that time, take effect, to pay the price for the fata Harleian collision of manuscripts, so as the said collection, until stich time as the said general repository shall be erected or, provided for the reception thereof, (halLremain in the place, where the same is now lodged, or in some other convenient place to be approved by the said trustees, or the major part of them so assembled, and shall be there preserved and maintained at, the posts and charges of the said countess of Oxford and countess Aj^Mtffa.and her trustees: after payment ot which several sums of twctuy thousand pounds, and tea thousand pounds, so much mqney shall and may be issued and applied by order of the said trustees, or the major part of them to assembled, as shall be fo/fic#eut tojcJe-h* A general re fraY erecting or providing >the said general repo-

pofitory to be fitory, and of the necessary furniture thereof, and of such cabi-provided nets, book-cases, and other convenience or embcllishments, thereout, and as the condition of thedeveral co)le(ftions, in the said general re-other necdTa- pofitory contained shall require; and alfoof, the expence which ^ten^ng the may be incurred in preserving and maintaining the said Museum preserving the or collection of Sir Hans Hharie, at his laid manor house at Chel-Museum, &c, during such time as the fz\d Muftum: orcolleftion shall remain there, and in removing the said Mitfmft or collection; and also in removing thzCottonianLibrary^ and theadditions thereunto made or to be made, and the Harleian collisions of manuscripts^ to the said general repository* which expence being defrayed,

30, 0001. to be the sum of thirty thousand pounds shall and may be reserved to put out at in- be placed out at interect, by order of the said trustees, Pt the tC*br fh d maj01^ Part in any general meeting assembled, in any

towardi pay- parliamentary security oc.securities, or to be lent, from time to nentofolfi. time, in part, orvi\{jx^ole, pppp thqcre'it of any taxes or cers salaries, duties imposedr by at such iqtctell for the forbear-

ance of such loan, as by^any aci imposing such taxes or duties,

or any other act, shall be ntrilted; fne IntCreft of which sum of thirty thousand pounds so reserved, and maybeVNTued and applie^L, by like order of the saidfrqfo$; , or t^majo&apr* of them so assembled, for and towards Myment falyi^p

and allowances which, in manner afopefiuqn §}*11 be affigped the said trustees to the officers and fervapts aftending or assisting in the said genital repository, ajnd for and toward* yiq p^yp^qt, of such other costs and chaises as the curfo4y and, p«(cr^qnt of the said several collections, and the repair^or alWatiq^, ^. the said general repofitoryt and ^hq due $xecutfpao£, |wtjWl.

*5

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 23.

hereby reposed in the said Trustees, shall require: And if after Payment of the said first-mentioned Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, or Part thereof, upon the Contingency herein-before mentioned; and after Payment of so much Money as the Expence of erecting, or providing and furnishing the said General Repository, and of such Cabinets, Book Cases, and other Conveniences and Embellishments, and of maintaining or preserving the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane at the said Manor House at Chelsea, and of removing the said several Collections to the said General Repository, shall amount to; and if, after reserving the last mentioned Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, any Surplus shall remain of the Monies so raised by virtue of this Act, the same shall be reserved for the future Disposition of Parliament.

XLfiCi

Provided always, That in the mean Time, until such Surplus shall be disposed of by Parliament, it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, to place out or lend the said Surplus, or any Part thereof, upon such Securities, and upon such Credit, as they are herein-before impowered to place out or lend the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds herein-before directed to be reserved, the Proceed or Interest thereof, until the Principal Money shall be so disposed of by Parliament, to be applied to such Uses, for the better accomplishing the Design of this Act, as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, shall be limited and directed.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned out of the sinking fundi and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament for fubfiribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities, and fop other purposes therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being ddupiu to raiife the necessary supplies which we have chearfully grahtOT to your Majesty in this session of parliament, for the.lervictr of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three in the di&n manner we' are able for the benefit of your Majesty's affo td use such ways and means therein, as that youF Pretty1 mstyhavc the better and-more speedy effect of this

G 3 said

ft. Anno vicesimo facto Georgii II. c. 13, £ 1;

laid supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto, youk. iJlM fty the sum of soar hundred and twenty thousand pounds out< the surplusses, excedes and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund; and to that end and purpose 3o most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal'and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as now a tie, or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund (after paying1 or reserving sufficient to pay afi such sum and sums of money as have been directed by ?ny former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and plied a sum not exceeding the said sum of four hundred and the&nkinz 'twenty thousand pounds, for and towards the ftlppfy granted to fund, for the his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand leven hun-service of the dred and fifty three; and the Commissioners of his Majesty* current year, treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three pr more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and iropowered jo issue and apply the same accordingly, with the for- IT- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of % kt «h^r sums in the (urn of one hundred thousand four hundred eighty two the exchequer, hounds fourteen shillings and three pence halfpenny, remaihtAg in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the two fever for the addi- ^arts of the additional rates and duties of excise, granted by^i tional duties act of the fifth year of the reign of their late tnajesties I of excise; WURam and Queen Mary; and the sum of seventy nine thdu

Surplus of die* cjght hundreTtwelve pounds and sixteen shillings, remaining funds for the the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of the forplus of J lottery 171+. funds for the lottery in the year of our Lord one thousand rei 54, 5801. 9s. hundred and fourteen; and the sum of fifty four thouTafidlife

Atonal duties.^ndred e*Sh'y P°.U.nds and ni"e fhil, i"SS> on low wines, chequer of the additional duties on low wines fend fmfltutfos

&c. granted # liquors, granted by several acts of the sixteertth

by 16 & 34 fourth years of his Majesty's reign; and also tfte: % ft^of 1^01 s e>ghteen thousand thirty five pounds nine shillings ±ric( thfjce jq*°overplus' farthings, now remaining in the exchequer, being the werfetus or the grants of the grants for the service of the year one thou&r\d fe^en unapproDriat- hundred and fifty two, but not applied to the service elf fh^t td, for the yi*ar> fViall and may be issued and applied at the said rfcceipf^'as

year ^751. part of the supply granted to his Majesty for the service pf/the

year one thousand ltven hundred and fifty three; an/ thing In this or any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary there* of in any wise notwithstanding.

in. Provided always, and it is hereby further U^ the authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into"4he exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bill^ 'ipoh^ session of parliament, (intituled, % cotgti^ing <u$gr<)nt-

Appropriation of the supplies.

TI A 1 OL

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 22.

"r r.'OJfiU 7frt I w

ing to bit Majesty certain duties upon malt3 mumy cyder, and perry-, TIlc monies for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three;

and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session ofparliamentma ac for subscribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities therein mentioned) and so much money (if any such be) of the duties thereby granted, as. shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other act of this session of parliament, (intituled, An act for granting an^iaila tax aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the

firvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three) and so much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interect, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the fame\ and the sum of one hundred thousand four hundred and other eighty two pounds fourteen shillings and three pence halfpenny, sums remain-remaining in the exchequer, on the two seventh parts of the ad- , n th(^ex-

J fWal rates and duties of excise, granted by an act of the fifth che£luer> of the reign of their late majesties King Wiliam and Queen and the sum of seventy nine thousand eight hundred dve pounds and sixteen shillings, remaining in the exchequer,

; the surplus of the funds for the lottery, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and the sum of fifty four thousand five hundred eighty pounds and nine shillings, remaining in the exchequer of the additional duties on low wines and spirituous liquors, granted by several acts of the sixteenth and twenty fourth years of his Majesty's reign; and the sum of eighteen thousand thirty five pounds nine shillings and three farthings, remaining in the exchequer, being the overplus' of the grants for the service of the year one thousand seven niJLtidred and fifty two, but not applied to the service of that year j and also the sum of four hundred and twenty thousand poqods by this act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the ievcral uses and purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, it is hereby en- viz. 800, 106 I. aided and declared by the authority aforesaid, That out of all 13*1 d-/or of any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and nava* ^rvicc3-may be issued and applied, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand two hundred six pounds thirteen lbiUings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval services herein after particularly expressed; that is to say, for or towards yi(duals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards sea

G 4. services

*0, 0001. tO

Greenwich

hospital.

88 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

[1753.

services in the office of( ordnance, performedand to )^|«rform-ed, and for or towards defraying the ordinary of; hU Majest/s r. navy, and for half-pay to sea officers, for the ye*r one thousand

seven hundred and fifty 'three. .*j

IV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids pr supplies aforesaid, ther^f^all and may be issued and applied, any fumor sums of moocjyvftot exceeding ten thousand. pounds, upon account, towardsiiie 6tpr port of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better roaiote^ nance of the teamen of the said hospital, worn out ^nd become decrepit in the service of their country.

V. And be it hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of qaopey not

116, 5061. 1 s. exceeding one hundred uxteen thousand five hundred six pounds t d. to the of- one shilling and three pence, for the charge of the office of ce o or - or(jnance for land service, for the year one thousand fevcp; hundred and fifty three, performed and to be performed, for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of, ordnance for land service, not provided for by parliament.

VI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iliudd tod applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one mijliojofoltf seven thousand twenty one pounds and eleven pence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, }and other services, herein after more particularly exprefledj 'that is to say, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding six hundred twenty eight thousand three hundred fifteen pounds seven shillings and eleven pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty seven effective men, including

.. Great'Bri- commission and non-commission officers, and also one thousima tain, Guern- eight hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrisons, tod fey, and Jer- other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and ffy \ Jersey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three j

nance for land service.

1, 067, 01 il.

11 d. 1 q. to the land force*, viz.

01

to t1'

*8, 3141.78 tfrfditor guards? and garrisons, See in^.

*36^*01. i8a*an<1 an/ ^um or ^ums raoney» not exceeding two hundred thirty six

ix thousand four hundred twenty pounds eighteen"shillings' and six pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, Minorca, 2nd Gibraltar, UnA for provisions for the garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar zn& Providence, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three j and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fifty.eight thousand two hundred seventy pounds fifteen shillings and

Gibraltar and ^ve Pence upon account, for out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, Providence. for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and any fom or sums of money not exceeding fifty eight thousand pounds, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces

6 d. 2 q. for the plantations, Minorca and Gib* raltar, and for proviffent for Nova Scotia; New-

58, 170 b 158 5 d. to out-pensioners of

?. and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ^e ea opi- subject to fucfi ruies to be observed in the application

8, ooool. to of the said halfpay, as are hereafter prescribed concerning the

reduced offi- same 5 and any sum or sums of money not exceeding four thou-i sand two hundred eighty eight pounds five shillings and five

pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers

v^c ae

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 23. 89

gentlemen of the two troops of horse, guards, 4*181. 5 s. sd. of horse, reduced, and to the superannuated gentle- to* h^c IQHfo?'the four tfobps of horse guards, for the year one thou- seduced j C* sand seven hundred and fifty three; and any sum or sums of 3, 0361. to wi-itiot&y not (exceeding three thousand and thirty six pounds, for dows of half-oenfions to the widows of such reduced officers of his W officcrl* Majesty's sand forces and marines as died upon the establishment of ha!£pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them be-f&tt the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; which said sum of three thousand and thirty six poftihd9, shall be issued to such person or persons as his Majesty shall, by warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual, direct and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over* to such widows of half-pay officers, or their assigns, according- itifudi establishments, lifts, or other directions, and with and subjetf to such conditions, qualifications, and other allow-andesfor the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant 'or warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty a6t6g« J. I3 u fix tboUfand six hundred eighty nine pounds thirteen shillingssd. forex tra-andfeight pence, for defraying the extraordinary expences ofhisordinwy Majesty's land forces, and other services, incurred in the yearpen^es m on* thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and not provided for17s % ' by parliament; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding'twenty thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good the Eleftor of hisengagernents with the elector of Bavariay pursuant to treaLy \ Bavaria, ahd-any ram or sums of money not exceeding thirty two thoui 31,000l. to the fanApptonds, to enable his Majesty to make good his engage- King of Po-mehtswith the King of Poland, elector of Saxony, pursuant to lan<h treaty.

1 VH. And k h hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Tfeaf.-01st of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall 47, 4481. 3s. and rtlay be issued and applied any lum or sums of money not 10d. towards tateeditig forty seven thousand four hundred forty eight pounds Nov* fiWfilings and ten pence, upon account, for defraying the ScoUa111 li$um ehrtgto incurred by supporting and maintaining the settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia in the year one thousand fcveft'hundred and fifty two, and not provided for by parliament; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty seven 47, 167k 61. thousand one hundred sixty seven pounds six shillings and fix 6d* to the said pence; upon account, for nipporting and maintaining the settle- p^sent yea^ merit of his Majesty's colony of Nova Scotia* for the year one^ y thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That but of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall 7»9l6*9 £ and may be issued and applie.d any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven thousand nine hundred sixteen pounds nineteen $rional (lamp (hftliogs and eleven pence, to replace to the sinking fund the like duties at sum paid dtft of the lame to make good the deficiency of the ad- Christmaa ditfetfal stamp duties at Chtiffmas one thousand seven hundred 17 1 and

(lands. 2, 0001. to Westminster Bridge.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. Yf/ fi.r'S£

74.9I. jt. 3d. and fifty one; and any futh or form of riloney not excising T_qt?-S*al5e v* hundred forty hint? pounds three shillings artdthftde Dertej msonHcen^ <kahpenny, toreplace to the said sinking fund tt)e lifcelurst paM ce$ for retail- QUfc oHhe same to toake good the deficiency of fhfe ddty on ing of spiritu-ioences for retailing Of f|>?rituous liquors at Lady Day orte thou-? ariIC}^or4 fend seven hundred and fifty two; and any fuhi or fitattof tho-

irf/. dy y nc* exceeding nine thousand eight hundred forty six potinSk 9, 84.61.3s. jfi.' three shillings and three pCnce halfpenny, to replace to the fajSl aq. to make sinking fund the like sum paid out of trie same, to make gob4 good the du- the deficiency of the duty of twelve shillings a barrel on sweets atCMichad-tS or wmcs made from British or foreign fruit or sugar at MtcfctuK mas 1752. mas one thoutknd seven hundred and fifty two; and any sum or 2, 2x4!. at. 3d. sums of money not exceeding two thousand two hundred foutv tocapt. Ver- ten pounds, two shillings and three pence, to be applied and in°Sheepev*Pa^ to JW* Vernon, in full satisfaction of all his d^-

where the fort tnands on, claims to, or interest in forty acres of land in the of Sheerness istand of Sheepey, in the county of Kent, now in the po/fe(8on ^of the crown, whereoh the fort of Sheernifs (lands j and any foifft or sums of money not exceeding two thousand pounds towards enabling the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore Id t^e county of Surrey, to maintain the said bridge, and to perform walrit inaldn °^cr tru's reposed in them; and any sum or sums of m6-a road fiom"8 not*ding three thousand pounds, towards laying o^t Carlisle to making and/keeping in repair a road proper foi the paflagp of

Mewcastle. troops and carriages from the city of Carlisle to the town of Neu)-

16000I to#M*upon7jw/; and any sum or lums of money not exceeding fii-

the settle- teenthousand pounds, towards building a fort at Annambo,^*

merits on the maintenance and support of that and other British forts and set-coast of Afri- dements upon thecoastx>f Africa, to be applied in such marina: w* as his Majesty shall think proper; and any sum or sums of mo-

*, 6121. to the: ftey nc* exceeding two thousand six hundred and thirty ivtd civil establish- pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil xxientof Geor- establishment of his Majesty's colony of Georgia, and other ih- cidental expences attending the same from the surrender of ttne

Charter to his Majesty by the late trustees on the twenty fourth

v Of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, tb the tw&i-

i ty fourth of 7unr one thousand seven hundred and fifty three*

"Thefeaid*to

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* toe applied on- That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, shall trot

streranifi-^uec* or aPP^cc* to any Intent or purpose whatfd-- 'ever, other than the uses and purposes before mentioned ( or for the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any act or acts, of any particular cJaofe 6r clauses for that purpose, contained in any other a<X a#$ of this present session of parliament.'

X. And as to the said sum of fifty eight thousand pounds by this act appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid,; it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, ^That the rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed lft the application of the said half-pay*that is to fey, That no perfba^shall

oned.

Rules to be ©bferved in

mi-}

9*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 23.

or receive any part of the same, who was amibor, the apaiica. tUe age of sixteen year*, at the time when the regr-

qd. or enmnanv. in which "he was r«Huce<ti

p, or company, in which lie served, was reduced} ion shall have or receive any part of the same, except fiif^perfoqs who did actual service in some regiment, troop or cofppany; that no person having any other place or employ* m$ht of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have effective any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any g&rifon or regiment, who has any ecclesustical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said halfpay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has reGgned his commission, and has had no commission % ce i that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons who would have been otherwise intitled to the lame as reduced officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as*were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great

nut, of the sinking fund, and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of money therein also mentioned by exchequer bills to tie charged on thelaid sinking fund, for the service of the year i

one thouund seven hundred ami fifty two, and for the further ^appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament) fiveral supplies which had been granted to his as is therein

/Mentioned, wire appropriated to several uses and purposes therein foffid; amongst which any sum or sums of money not exceeding Jtfojfand pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his t

'fifty s landforces and marines, subject nevertheless to such rules to hferved in the application of the said half-pay, as in and said oft were prescribedin that behalf: now it is hereby provid- '*

Ijpdj, enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That so much m jhe said sum of sixty thousand pounds, as is or shall be more Te.rP|u* Jman sufficient to satisfy the said reduced officers, according to rules prescribed by the said act to be observed in the appfica-'tien thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be dif- obpfhof ch*. poled of to such officers who are maimed or lost their limbs in rify " >j

the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long service, y

or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant orwarrants under his Majesty's royal sign manual.

as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this act or the find]former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by an act made in this session of parliament, in-G

tfifiUd, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain l6t'eo' Julies upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of l6e. yc^r one thousand seven hundred, and fifty three; and for

9*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. [ tygj,

enlarging the time limited by an act of the lift fcffiott of jttfiia-ment for subscribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joimstock of aftnifrto tioned, reciting that by an act made in thelujt Mien of pMrikumens, c#»7* intituled, An act for converting the fereiw Mnuititt Mrti^ mentioned into several joint stocks of annuities transferable at the bank of England, to be charged on the sinking fend jhd also for confotidating the several other annuities thereto mentioned into several joint stocks of annuities transferable afc the South-Sea House, books were directed to be prepared for receiving tie subscription or consent of such of the proprietors of several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as ftnutt subscribe the same into the joint stock of annuities in the said act deseated, at any time between the twenty fourth day of June one them-sand seven hundred and fifty two, and the fifth day of January oka thonfandseven hundred and fifty three indufive, and no longer; and further reciting, that the greatest part of the said annuities had been fuiscribed accordingly, and that same of the proprietors of such part of the fold annuities as remained unfabscribed, might be desirous that the time for such subscription Should be enlarged, which would also be of advantage to ibe public k $ it was enabled, That the governor ant company of the bank of England Should cause such books as had been fire* pared according to the directions of the said act, far receiving the Jkfc-Jcription of the proprietors of the said annuities tnto the said joint/hit-of annuities, to be kept open at the bank of England for that purppfai in such manner as by the said act made in the Taft session of parfiaekmt is directed, to the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred^ and fifty three, inch five, being the time limited by the said act f to i the subscription of other annuities, after the rate of three pound* tfte shillings per centum per annum; and that such proprietors eft hi' said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per anndtft £ -as bad not subscribei the same into the said joint stock of annstifksi their respective attornies, representatives or assigns, and attpeffani authorized by the said act to subscribe for them before the said fifib - day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty thr#, \fibul4 -have power to make such subscription without fee or charge, at dfiy time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and tlxttfuehsubscription Should be as vtfidand eff9&>*tuat to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made before the said fifth day of January one thousandfaven hundred and fifty three: and whereas although the greatest part as well of the said'Mi±

- unities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as

'of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten JbiUtysjyet centum per annum, bath been fubfribed, wording to the direfyn of the said acts made in the lafi and in the firefent jefaon of parfia^ ment, but part thereof fiill remains unfabscribed: and whereas the enlarging of the time for the subscription of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten Jkillings per centum per annum, and the further enlarging of the time for the subscription of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, may be a benefit to such of the proprietors (f the said several annuities as

have

91

*763$.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 24.

havg^mtyitrfifflliPfd, tbtjkm, and will dftbt of advantage to fuilif kfcrfee if imuSfod by the authority aforesaid, That the go- Books to be ver^WrM^ AOBipauyjfOf. the bank of England, shall cause such kept °p<n at bcjfl^: a?.ha»eiheeo prepared according to the direction of the te0^?nlc to failed, nradeinfcbe {sftfeflion of parliament, for receiving the receiving* fufocgiptrtmtpfthe proprietors of the said several annuities into the fub'crip-thft.said federal joint flocks of annuities, to be kept open at the dons of the banh-nt'i England for that purpose, in such manner, as by the P.roPn't°r*

fedifeded, to the tenth day of Qilober one thousand j^bed annui-fcy<tn hundred and fifty three, inclusive; and such proprietors ties, of, -(he laid several annuities as have not already subscribed thp fa vie in to the said several joint flocks of annuities, their respect-ivexattoroies, reprelentatives or assigns, and all persons authorized- by the said act to subscribe for them, shall have power to make such foWcription without fee or charge, at any time before the said tenth day of OScber one thousand seven hundred and fifty three;

and 6>Ch subscriptions shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and pvtrposes, as if the same had been made before the said fifth day of January, or fifth day of April one thousand seven hun- -. dr^dand fifty three; and that all such proprietors of any part such of the of the said several annuities remaining unsubscribed, as shall not proprietors as before the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred (haj1 not f"b-and fifty three by themselves, or by their respective attornies, 5Sbettheir representatives or assigns, or the persons authorized by the laida> en*adm#d£ in the left session of parliament, to subscribe for thenar \ denlam and signify, by subscribing in the same or other books to theth^pt open at the bank of England for this purpose, under a proper preface, their names and places of abode, with other prop>er.additions, their dissent to the converting their annuities intnthf said respective joint stocks of annuities in the said act def-crihcdtnihall have the benefit of the said acts made in> the lad andpffifiuu session of parliament, and of this present act, in as full, andampie manner as if they had respectively subscribed their said annuities pursuant to the direction of either of the said acts; and v-that the said annuities, the respective proprietors whereof rt, e; r , nnui-shalf nett, r on ox before the said tenth day of Qflobir one thou- iks to be con-sand fonen hundred and fifty three, so express such dissent, shall, Validated, frou^and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, be converted into the said respective joint decks of annuities in the said act of the last session of par- - liamsmtdofctibed.

CAP. XXIV.

An act ridss for allowing further time for inrblment of deeds' and wills made picts \ and for rdkf of protestadt purctiafcrt, devices and Leflecs.

B*pv 7v*gNmtedlQ r Jan. 1754.

M u s -'- -

\Y v o-.i'c, v'>'v.

vW .*.'.

fl > 1

*' v'CAP.

1 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 45: CAP. XXV.

jin aR to render mere effectual a* Htjetfib

year of the reign of her late Queen Aline, ' 'luj

tuled., An act for providing a publick reward for facb person or persons as shall discover the longitude at fe», with regard to the making experiments of for discovering the longitude; to enlarge the of tommjftoners for putting in execution the said aR. y

i* Ann. ft. c» i^»

14 Geo. 1. c. J9.

WHEREAS by on act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, inti tided, An act for providing a publick reward foriuch person persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, the of therein and thereby named and conflisted, or any Jive or more of them, have full pouter to hear and receive any proposal or proposals that Jpall be made to them for discovering the said longitude; and in cast she said of, or any five or more of them, shall be so far faffs-fed of the probability of any such discovery* as to think it proper, to make experiment thereof they shall certify the same under their bands and feats to the of of the navy for the time beings together with the persons names who art authors of such proposals; and ufiott producing such certificate, the said of are thereby authorized and required to mate out a bill or bills for any such sum orfums afrrp-ney not exceeding two thousand pounds, as the said of for pfie discovery of the said longitude, or any five or more of them shall thmi necessdry for making the experiments, payable by the treasurer of the navy: which sum orfums the treasurer of the navy is by the said act required to pay immediately to such person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for discovery of the said longitude tq male those experiments, out of any money that shall be in his hands unapplied for the use of the navy: and whereas for a due and sufficietft encouragement to any such person or persons as shall discover a prefer methodfor finding the said longitude, it is Ukewife enacted by the find aft, That the first author or authors, discoverer or discoverers of aky fitch method, his or their executors, administrators or assigns, shall oe, Intitled to and have such reward, as in the said act is particularly, mentioned: and whereas by another act of parliament made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, A ft acfticjr surveying the chief ports and head lands on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact determination of the IongU tude and latitude thereof $ reciting in part the said act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the feign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also reciting that it was absolutely necefiaryjor making the discovery ufejul at Jea, and for the security of ship^ approaching near the /bores that the chief ports and head lands oafhe coafis of Great Britain and Ireland* and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, Should be first Jurveyed, and the longitude an£ latitude of such places determined more exactly than had then bee^L dptie, and Ukewife reciting that some doubts bad ariftn, whether by ibe words

99

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 25.

of the said act of parliament made in the twelfth year of Queen Anne, the said sum of two thousand pounds appointed for making such experiments^r\any part thereof, could be applied for such survey, or fixing the longitude or latitude of such places, it was enabled by the said act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, That the said coi mtnijjioners for discovering the longitude, or any five or more of them, Should have full power to apply such part of the said sum of two thousand pounds mentioned in the said first recited act, as bad not then been bid out in experiments, as they Should think necessary for the making such survey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging; and lb* such sum or sums, part of the said two thousand pounds, which the said of or any five or more of them, Should think necessary, Should be paid immediately by the treasurer of the navy to such person or persons as Should be appointed by the said of fit the discovery of the longitude to make such survey, and determine such longitude and latitude, cut of the money that Should be in the hands of such treasurer unapplied for the use of the navy: and whereas a competent number of the said of for the discovery of the said longitude have (by virtue of the powers veiled in them by the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen AnneJ heard and received several proposals made to them at different times for discovering the said longitude, and were so far satisfied of the probabilities cf such discoveries, that they thought it proper to make experiments thereof and accordingly certified the same from time to time to the of of the navy for the time being, together with the name of master John Harrison, who was author of the said pro-P'ofalpi whereupon bills were made out for several sums of money, amounting in the whole to one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, atlivhich respective sums were paid to the said John Harrison by the treasurer of the navy, pursuant to the dir eft ions of the said last mentioned act of parliament, as parts of the said two thousand pounds therein mentioned; which the find of for discovering the longitude thought necessary for making the said experiments: and Xpher/tis a like competent number of the said of for the discovery of the said longitude did (by virtue and in pursuance of the > powers vejled in them by the said several above-mentioned acts of par-libtycni) appoint master William Whilton to survey and determine the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coajls cf Great Britain and Ireland, and the funds and plantations thereto belonging: and did also apply the further sum offive hundred pounds [other part of the said sum of two thousand pounds mentioned in the said ft made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne) which they thought necessary for the making such survey, and determining the said last -mentioned longitude and latitude, and which said sum of five hundred pounds was paid to the said William Whifton accordingly by the treasurer of the navy: and whereas by reason of the several payments made by the trcajyrer of the navy to the said John Harrison and William Whillon respectively as aforesaid\ amounting in the whole to one thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds, the said

96

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 25. 1^753}

of for discovering the said logi tude have at presenty by virtue of the said actsjf parliament, power only to apply the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds, and no more (being the remainder of the said two thousand pounds) towards making any further experiments which they may think proper andnecessary to be made, in order to discover the said longitude: and whereas from the experiments which have already been made in pursuance of the powers vested in the said of as aforesaid, there is great reason to expect, that by continuing to encourage ingenious persons, to invent and make further improvements and experiments, in order to discover the said longitude, such discoveries may at length be produced, as will effectually answer that end, and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of this kingdom: therefore for enabling the said of to cause such further experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the purposes aforesaid; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. The commit* That the said of constitu ted by the said a & of parlia- fioner* condi- ment made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late Queen Ann. /. ic. dlniUy for the discovery of the longitude at sea, and for examin-impowered to ing, trying and judging of all proposals, experiments and im-receive propo- provements relating to the same or any five or more of them (als for difeo- have full power to near and receive any proposal or proposals fenffifude ^at ^avc °ecn or hereafter be made to them for discover-and where ing the said longitude at sea; and in case the said of they think or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the pro-

proper to bability of any such proposal or discovery as to think it proper to

ments*tf»ey m^e experiment thereof, they shall certify the same under their are to* certify hands and seals to the of of the navy for the time the (kmc, and being, together with the persons names who shall be the authors the author's Gf such proposals; and upon producing such certificate, the of of the navy are hereby authorized and re-of the navy, quired to make out a bill or bills for any such sum or sums of who are to money not exceeding two thousand pounds, over and above the make out a aforesaid sum of two hundred and fifty pounds, being the remain* I'mitei a!C« der lhe tw0 thousand pounds mentioned in the said act made 1 m in the twelfth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, as the said of for the discovery of the said longitude, or any five or more of them shall think necessary for making any experiments in pursuance of this act, or either of the said former acts above-mentioned, payable by the treasurer of the navy; which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy for the time being is hereby required to pay immediately to such person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for the discovery of the said longitude to make those experiments, out of any money that shall be in his the said treasurer*s hands unapplied for the use of the navy.

shall be thought necessary.

to be paid to the person making the experiment

---

[Additional commissioners appointed.]

II. And whereas many of the commissioners appointed by the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne are deceased: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid,

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 26. 97

[Additional commissioners appointed.]

That the governor of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich for the time being, the judge of the high court of admiralty for the time being, the secretaries of the treasury for the time being, the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, and the comptroller of the navy for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with such of the commissioners appointed by the said act for discovering the longitude as are surviving; and the said persons hereby appointed of, shall and may act, to all intents and purposes, for putting in execution the said former acts and this present act, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed commissioners by the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to permit persons professing the Jewish religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Rep.]

[7 Jac. 1. c. 2.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in blood, shall first receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and the oath of allegiance, and the oath of supremacy; every person who shall apply to be naturalized by act of parliament, being of the age of eighteen years or upwards, is required to receive the sacrament of the Lords supper within one month before the bill for such naturalization be exhibited whereby many persons of considerable substance professing the Jewish religion are prevented from being naturalized by bill to be exhibited in parliament for that purpose;

[13 Geo. 2. c. 7.]

and whereas by an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, persons professing the Jewish religion who have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit and reside for the space of seven years or more in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, and shall not have been absent out of some of the said Colonies, for a longer Space than Two Months, at any one time, during the said Seven Years, are naturalized, upon their complying with the Terms therein mentioned, without their receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper: be it therefore enacted, &c.

Jews, upon application to parliament, may be naturalized without taking the sacrament. Clause to be inserted in every bill, subjecting the person to the disabilities expressed in 1 Geo. 1. c. 4. No person to be naturalised who has not resided in Great Britain or Ireland for three years, without being absent more than three months at One time, and who shall not bring proof of his having professed the Jewish religion for three years before. Jews disabled from purchasing or inheriting any advowson or right of patronage, &c. Repealed 17 Geo. 2. c. 1.

98 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 27, 28; [1753.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to confirm certain acts and orders made by justices of the peace being of the Quorum, notwithstanding any deficit in not expressing therein that such justices of the peace are of the Quorum.

---

WHEREAS authority is given by divers acts of parliament to two or more justices of the peace, whereof one or more are to be of the Quorum: and whereas divers acts, orders, adjudications, warrants, confirmations of indentures, and other instruments done, made and executed, by two or more justices of the peace, without expressing that they are, or that one of them is, of the Quorum, have been and may be, for that reason only impeached, set aside and vacated: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No act or order of two or more justices to be vacated for defect only, in not expressing that one or more of such justices are of the quorum.]

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, no act, order, adjudication, warrant, indenture of apprenticeship, or other instrument already made, done or executed, or hereafter to be made, done or executed, by two or more justices of the peace, which doth not express that one or more of the justices is or are of the Quorum, shall be impeached, set aside or vacated, for that defect only; any law, statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the preventing of the inconveniencies and dangers that may arise from the present methods of digging gravel, sand, stone, chalky and other materials, on the several commons and waste grounds within this kingdom, for the repair of the highway sy and for other purposes.

WHEREAS it is become a common practice to get materiah eut of commons, heaths and waste grounds, for the repairs of the highways of this kingdom, and for other purposes9 and to leave the pits and holes thereby occasioned open and dangerous: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the Gravel pit* authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth &c. to be fenc- day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, if any ed during the person or persons shall by reason of getting any gravel, sand, n^rameilonc^ or chalk, or other materials, for repairing any highwayn. kCpt or ^or any ot^cr Purpose whatsoever, make or cause to be made ^*any pit or hole in any common, heath or waste ground, such person or persons shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficient-y fenced off, during such time as the said pit or hole shall be continued open; and shall within fourteen days after digging

for

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 29.'99

lor such materials in such pit or hole, cause the same to be filled and within 74 up, doped down or fenced off, and so continued $ and in case to

such person or persons shall not fill up, flope down or fence off fl0pe(j p,

the same within the said time, and keep the said fence from time or fenced off; to time in good repair, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace, upon his or their view, or upon the information of any one or more witness or wit- ^uftice togC nestes, to order the person or persons making or causing to be make order made such pit or hole, to fill up, properly flope down, or fence concerning off the same; and in cases where any fence shall be set up, to thelame, order the same to be repaired from time to time, as occasion shall require; and in case such person or persons shall refuse or and on refusal neglect to comply with such order within ten days after the re- to comply ceipt thereof, or the same being left at his or their usual place therewith, or places of abode, and due proof being made upon oath, before any one or morejustice or justices of the peace, of the of- m0rethaniol. fence committed, of the service of such order, and of the re- nor less than fufal or neglect to comply therewith, which oath the said justice 4°*or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, to be laid out and applied J° ^j*PPuie<1 in the filling up, (loping down or fencing off such hole or pit, and towards the repair of the roads in the parish or place where and repair of the offence shall be committed, and in such manner as the said the road* j justice or justices shall direct and appoint; which forfeiture, in case the same be not forthwith paid, shall be levied by distress J!rcf8 and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under sale. the hand and seal or hands and seals of such justice or justices of the peace, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the person or persons whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and foldf the charges of such distress and sale being first deducted.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to explain, amend and continue the provi/ions made by two acts of parliament of the nineteenth and twenty first years of his Majesty's reign, for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and to make provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful debts or claims upon the lands and hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertfpn of Strowan, which, with other forfeited estates, are by an act of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign annexed to the crown unalienable.

WHEREAS by an act made in the first year of the reign of , Geo. i.c. 54, his late majesty King George the First, of glorious memory, intituled, An act for the more effectual securing the peace in the highlands of Scotland, it was enacted, That the inhabitants within the bounds and shires therein mentioned Should be disarmed from and after the first day of November which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen: and whereas by an act made ijGso.a.Myi

H 2 in

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 29. [1753.

in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign* intituled, An act for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the peace of the said highlands; and for restraining the use of the highland dress; and for further indemnifying such persons as have acted in defence of his Majesty's person and government during the unnatural rebellion5 and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the matters and teachers of private schools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and to re* gifter the same; further provisions were made for the more effiflual disarming the highlands in Scotland, or the inhabitants of the said bounds and /hires, which provisions were to continue in force for seven years from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the end of the nextftffm of parliament, and no longer: and whereas by an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to si Geo. t. c. 34. amend and enforce so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign as relates to the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland* and rettraining the use of the highland dress; and to matters and teachers of private schools and chaplains; and to explain a dause in another act made in the same year relating to letters of orders of episcopal ministers in Scotland; and to oblige persons allowed to carry arms, and the directors of the bank there, and certain persons belonging to or practising in the courts of fettion and judiciary to take the oaths; and to repeal some clauses in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland* who Should continue in their duty and loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other purposes therein mentioned; further provisions were made to amend and enforce so much of the act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the more eft feflual disarming the highlands in Scotland, or the said bounds and shires: and whereas it may be necessary or expedient for the public! welfare* that the provisions made by the acts of the nineteenth and twenty first of his Majesty's reign fhotdd be continued; be it therefore enacted by the iting's most excellent majesty, by and with So much of advice and consent of the lords foiritual and temporal and the recited commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-a£U as relates thority of the same, That so much of the said acts of the nine-Trr teenth and twenty first of his Majesty's reign, as relates to thf arming the " more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, shall be for-highUnd* in ther continued and remain in full force for the term of seven Scotland, fur- years, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven

ther continu- hundred and fifty three, and from thence to the end of the then cd for 7 year*. nm session of p'rliamcnf<

Shire of Stir- H. And whereas a doubt hath been entertained with respect to eer-ling subject to tain bounds within the Shire of Stirling, that were intended to be dist

armed

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 29. 101

armti by all or any of the said recited acts; be it therefore enacted the provisions by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, c all and every the parts or places of the Shire of Stirling, lying or being on the north or north-west side of an imaginary straight line from the place called Ballamacball upon Loch Loman, in the parish of Buchanan, to the kirk or bridge of Aberfoyl upon the river of Forthy shall be subject to all and every the provisions made by the said recited acts of the first of his late Majesty, and of the nineteenth and twenty first of his present Majesty, and by this present act, in the same manner as if the boundary herein described had been mentioned or inserted in the said several former acts relating to the disarming the highlands in Scotland.

III. And whereas by an act made in the twenty fifth year of his t5Gco, i.c^i. present Majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably, and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon, and to efta-Ui(h a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing diforaers there for the future) it is among other things enacted, That the barony ^Strowan, and other the lands, tenements and hereditaments which formerly be-longed to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, and became forfeited to9the crown by decree or sentence of forfeiture passed in the parliament {^Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety, be and the same are thereby annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and declared to be and remain for ever unalienable from the famey and that the lawful debts thereon shall be paid in the same manner as is provided concerning the lands and premisses in the said act mentioned: and whereas by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for vesting in his Majesty the e- aoGco t c f mites of certain traitors, and for more eneftually discovering the same, and applying the produce thereof to the use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon; sundry provisions are made for the more effectual and speedy ascertaining the lawful debts and claims upon the forfeited estates which are thereby vested in his Majesty, of which the said barony Strowan and other lands and hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan are no part: and whereas it is necessary or expedient to make some further provision for the more speedy and effectual ascertaining the lawful debts and claims upon the said barony of Strowan and other hereditaments which former-fy belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan; be it therefore citamt upon enacted by the authority aforesaid, TJiat all and every person or the barony or

Kfons whatsoever, bodies politick and corporate, having any other estatet rful claim to, upon or out of the said barony or other estates J* Strowan to of Strowan before-mentioned, shall on or before the first day of December next to come, enter and present before the court of fessionon or session in Scotland his, her or their claims or demands; or in before 1 Dec. default thereof, every such debt, claim or demand, shall be and m

k hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and pur- tobevoldl

102 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. [1753.

poses whatsoever: and all such claims and demands shall be made and entered, tried and determined in the manner and according to the rules and provisions made in the said act of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, concerning the debts and claims upon the estates thereby veiled in his Majesty, as if the said directions, rules and provisions, had been herein at length repeated; any law, Statute or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

WHEREAS by the great number of waggons and other wheel carriages passing, travelling and ufd in and upon the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and the excessive weights and burdens loaded and carried in and upon the farhey and the small breadth and narrow dimensions of the fellies of the wheels of such waggons and other carriages respectively, great part of the said high-ways and roads are become ruinous, and almost impassable, and unless'a speedy remedy be bad in the premisses, all the provisions made by law for amending the highways and roads, and for maintaining and keeping the same in repair, will in great measure be rendered inejfec-tuaU and the trade and commerce of this kingdom be thereby greatly prejudiced and obstructed: wherefore for remedying and preventing the said mischiefs and inconveniencies for the future; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-r 11* f rity of the same. That from and after the twenty ninth day of the wheels of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, it shall not waggons tra- he lawful for any waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage whatio-velfing on ever, (other than and except as herein after mentioned) to tra-turnpike Vel, pass or be drawn upon any turnpike road, unless the fellies o°inchcsbC of every such waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage

Load, respectively, be of the breadth or gage of nine inches, from side to side, at the least: and every owner or owners of such waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage driven, drawn or conveyed in or under penalty upon any turnpike road, contrary to the directions, tenor and future of one"true meaninS of this act, shall for every such offence forfeit and of the horses P*Y the him of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in such 4c.*manner as herein after-mentioned; or otherwise shall forfeit and

lose any one of the horses or beasts of draught drawing such waggon, cart or wheel carriage, not being the shaft or thill — horse, together with all geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements to such horse or beast of draught respectively belonging, to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons who shall' seize or distrain the same.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the person the distress to or persons making such seizure or distress as aforesaid, shall de-t>e delivered liver the horse, beast and things so seized and distrained, into

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. 103

the custody of the constable, or some other parish officer, of to the continy town, parish or place, in or near the place where such seizure or distress shall be made; and every such constable or charge there- parish officer respjrftively is and are hereby required to take and of till proof receive the same into his and their custody, and safely keep the be imde of 6me, till the person or persons making such seizure or distress the offencci shall make proof, upon oath, before some justice or justices of, the peace, of the offence committed 5 and the said justice or ju-0 issue hih* dices before whom such proof shall be made, is and are hereby precept for required to issue his or their precept to such constable or parish the deliver/, officer immediately, to deliver the horse, beast and other things so forfeited, to the party or parties who seized or distrained the same, to and for his and their own use and benefit, paying such reasonable charges for keeping, and securing the same as such ju- jf proof be ftice or justices shall allow or direct; but in case no such proof not made shall be made within three days next after such seizure or di- within*days, strefc, that then such horse, bead or other thing seized or di- jhe distress to drained, shall be returned back to the owner or owners thereof,* returned* such owner or owners paying reasonable charges for keeping and securing the same.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Carriages ex-(hall extend, or be construed to extend, to any chaise marine, emptea.j

or to any coach, landau, berlin, chaise or calarn; nor shall any thing extend, or be construed to extend, to any waggon drawn by less than five horses or beasts of draught; or to any wain, cart or other two wheel carriages, drawn by less than four horses or beasts of draught; or to any waggon, wain, cart or other wheel carriage, drawn by oxen or neat cattle only.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, carriages la-That from and immediately after the patting this act, it shall den with and may be lawful to and for any carriage loaden with or carry- tree, or 1 ing one tree or piece of timber, or one done or block of marble b*oclc, 1 bavin£ only, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or Inches broad gage of nine inches or upwards, to travel, pass or be driven in may be drawn or upon any turnpike road with any number of horses or beads with any

of draught; and also for any waggon, or other four wheel car- number of riage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of such breadth or horses} gage as aforesaid, to travel, pass or be driven upon any turnpike and other road as aforesaid, with any number of horses or beasts of draught four wheel not exceeding eight 5 and for any cart, or other two wheel car- carriages with riage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of such breadth or any numb?r gage as aforesaid, with any number of horses or beasts draught not exceeding five, without being subject and liable to be weighed at any crane, machine or engine, or to the addi- and w5e tional toll of twenty shillings, granted and made payable for any number every waggon or other carriage drawn by fix horses, in and by not exceeding an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his pre- 5JL witP°^5 sent Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual preservation ^be wdgh-tf the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England; ed. 6 and for the disposition of penalties given by acts of parliament, relat- i^Gco.a.c^j. fog to the highways in that part^ Great Britain called England j

or without being liable

by 6 Geo. *c. 6.

Waggons, &c. road i may be drawp with any number of horses not exceeding 8,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. go.

[175j.

and for enforcing the recovery thereof; and for the more effefinal preventing mifchitfs occasioned by the drivers riding upon carts, drays, cars and waggons, in the city of London, and within ten miles there- of; notwithstanding any thing contained in the said last mentioned act, or any other law or Statute to the contrary.

y. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any waggon, to forfeit any wain, cart or other carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of the horses, thereof of such breadth or gage as aforesaid, to travel, pass or be driven upon any turnpike road, without being subject or liable to forfeit and lose any one of the horses drawing the same, together with the geers, bridles and halters therewith used; any thing contained in an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, intituled, An act for preventing the carriage of excessive loads of mealy malty bricksy and coahy within ten miles of the cities of London and Westminster, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And to encourage all persons to use broad wheels, in or-^Y^on#deC' ^cr° Pre^erve a^ highways of this kingdom in good repair; wbrels^ay^lt further enacted, ' That from and immediately after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any waggon pr other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches, or upwards, to travel, pass or be driven on any highway within Great Britain, with any number of horses or beasts ot draught not exceeding and carts &c > anc* for ?ny cart 9r other two wheel carriage, having with any* the like wheels, with any number of horses or beasts of draught puimber not not exceeding five, without being subject to any penalties or (exceeding 5. forfeitures for causing the same to travel, pass or oe driven by a r number of horses or beasts of draught than are now al-by law; any thing contained ip any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vlt. And whereas in and by several acts of parliament made and passed for amending and repairing particular highways and roads within this kingdom, fcyeral high and extraordinary tolls and duties are granted and directed to be levied and paid for waggons and other yoheel carriages drawn by more than a certain number of horses or beasts of draught therein respefliyely mentipnedy with an intent in effefi to, prohibit the pojfage of such carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the said roads: now it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to apd for the trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, or now depending in parliament respectively, for repairing and amending such particular highways or roads as aforesaid, or any nine or more of such trustees respectively within their respective districts; and they are hereby authorized and required to mitigate, lelfen and reduce the said high and extraordinary tolls and duties for or in respectc of such w^ggops or Qt [ ther wheel carriages only, having wheels of the breadth or gage herein before prescribed, in such manner as no greater toll or duty be demanded or taken for the same than is provided and' diretfeq

Trustees for the roads to Jeflen the extraordinary tolls on carriages with broad wheels drawn by jrnore than a certain number of horses:

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georg nil. c. 30. 105

directed by the said aCb respectively to be paid and taken for waggons and other four wheel carriages drawn by five or four bodes or beasts of draught; and the said trustees within their several districts, or any nine or more of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to give directions in writing to the several collectors within such meir respective districts, to take and receive such tolls or duties, and no other j any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIA. And for the facilitating and more speedy accomplishing and effecting the good ends and purposes intended by this present act, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several trustees appointed by any act or acts parliament for the surveying, ordering, amending and keeping ^>acUto in repair the several turnpike roads of this kingdom, or any five or more of them respectively, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to meet from time to time, as there shall be occasion, at some convenient place within their respective districts, fbme time on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and to cause notice of such meetings respectively to be affixed in writing on the several toll-gates within their said several districts at least ten days before such meeting: and the said trustees respec- ^(biveyor* tively, or any five or more of them at such their meetings, are to cause all hereby authorized And required, by writing under their hands to the ruts, &e. order and direct the surveyor or surveyors of the said turnpike to be levelied, roads respectively to cause all the rutts and wheel tracks in the said roads to be beat down, thrown in and levelled; and the ^ere necef-said roads to be widened where it shall be necessary, on or be- fary, on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hun- fore >9 Sept* dred and fifty four. 1754.

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the charges charges to be and expences of such work so to be ordered and directed, shall paid out of be paid and defrayed out of the tolls and duties arising or to be the tolls, raised by virtue or upon the credit of the said several acts made for repairing the said roads respectively.

J^xid it is hereby further enacted, That the surveyors of Surveyors to the highways of the several parishes, town ships and places, cause the rutu wherein any highway or road intervening between and commu- teatdown be-meaning with two different turnpike roads doth respectively lie, tween ^iffe-do and shall, apd they are hereby authorized and required to relit turnpike cause all the rutts apd wheel tracks in such intervening roads roads. respectively, to be beat down, thrown in, and levelled as aforesaid, on or before the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and in case any person person# refu, or persons liable to and chargeable with the repairing the high- <ing to do ways within any of the said parishes, townships or places ref- their Statute pectively, shall neglect pr refuse to do and perform his and their woj£ thereon, Statute-work in and upon the same, at such times and in such manner as the said surveyor or surveyors respectively shall direct the charge, or appoint, or shall refuse to pay and contribute his or their proportion of the charges and expences of the same, then and

io6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. [1753.

in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, liberty or place, where such intervening roads do lie, upon complaint to them Tuft* t*ma(k upon oath such negletf or refusal, by warrant under power the fur- the*r hands and seals to authorize and icnpower the surveyor or veyors to levy surveyors of the highways to raise and levy such proportions of the same. the charges and expences of the said works of and from the person and persons so refusing, and to enforce the payment thereof by such ways and means, and in such manner as the rates and assessments for repairing the highways in this kingdom are by law to be raised, levied and enforced*

The trusteci XI. And, for the better discovering and detecting the oflfen-may order ders against this aCV, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall the fellies of and may be lawful to and for all trustees appointed or to be ap-the wheels of pointed by any act or act of parliament made or to be made for waggons, jfcc. the repairing or amending any highway or highways within this

ed at any turnpike$

ly9inches broad.

kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their4 hands, to order th4 fellies of the wheels of all waggons, wains, carts or other carriages, which are or ought to be of the breadth or gage herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gaged at any turnpike or toll-gate erected or to be erected upon any part of tl)e highway or road in or upon which such waggon, wain, can or carriage respectively shall travel, pass or be drawn, and where the

XII. Provided always, That in case it shall appear to the satis-fame shall ap- faction of the surveyor or surveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers Seen oririnal- any turnpike road, that the fellies of the wheels of any wag-gon or wheel carriage, travelling or passing upon any such turnpike road were originally and when first made of the breadth of nine inches, and by long usage and wearing shall have been reduced to, and become of less breadth or gage; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for such waggon or wheel carriage to travel, pass or bedrawn upon, any such turnpike road, so as the fellies of all the wheels thereof, respectively, be of

and by use re- the^brea^r^ of e*8bt >ncbes at lead > andowner or own-ducedtonot*^ such waggon or wheel carriage shall not in such case be subject or liable to the penalties herein before inflicted and directed to be levied for driving or causing to be drawn, waggons and carriages, the fellies of the wheels whereof are under the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any person or persons shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or the measuring obstruct the measuring or gaging the fellies of such wheels, or the fellies, or the seizing or distraining of any horseor beast of draught hereby directed to be forfeited, for the offences herein before mentioned, or shall use any violence to any person or persons employed or concerned in such measuring, gaging, seizing or distraining, as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

less than S they are exempted from the penalty.

Penalty of obstructing

making dif-trefc.

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. 10 7

That in case any person or persons shall, after the said twenty Where wa ninth day of September, drive, or act as the driver or drivers of gon8> ^a<faii any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, not having wheels thereto, ac- travel on tum-cording to the direction and true intent and meaning of this act, p»ke road* or drawn with more than the humber of horses hereby respectively appointed {except as herein before is excepted) upon any breadth 1*-turnpike road, that then and in every such case, h shall and quired, orwith maybe lawful to and for the constable, tythingman, or survey- more horses, or of the highways, or any other inhabitant of the parish or the driver m place where the offence flwllhe committed, and to and for the fore^uftice, surveyor or surveyors of the said turnpike road, and to and for

any person or persons to be appointed by the trustees, or any five or more of them^ to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such person or persons so driving or acting as driver or drivers as aforesaid, before one or more justice or justices of the peafce for the county, riding or division, where the said offence shall be committed, and upon conviction thereof, either by theconfeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before such justice or justices of the peace (which oath the said justice or justices are "hereby impowered and required to administer) every such person or persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for and to forfeit every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be laid out, ap- 5!* plica and recovered, in such manner as other penalties hereby imposed are hereby directed and appointed to be recovered and applied; and in case the person or persons so offending and convicted, shall have no goods and chattels, whereon immediate^for want distress may be had and made for the same, then it shall and of distrest to may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace, be committed, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction, there to remain for the space of one month, or until he or they shall have paid the said sum of five pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- penalty Qn said. That if any owner or owners of any waggon, wain or cart, owners of travelling for hire, shall, from and after the said twenty ninth waggons, &c. day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty four,

drive, or cause to be driven, drawn or conveyed, such waggon, wain or cart, in or upon any turnpike road, not having his and tilt, 8tc. their christian and surnames, and place of abode, written or painted in large legible letters upon the tilt or other conspicuous place of such waggon, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, be subject and liable to such and the same penalties and forfeitures, as the owners of waggons or cari'iages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof un.ler the breadth or gage afore-mentioned, are made subject and liable by this act; and if any person or persons shall so write or paint, or cause to or using a be written or painted, any false or fiAitious name on such wag- false name, gon, wain or cart, as aforesaid, every owner of such waggon, wain or cart, publicity used on any turnpike road, as aforesaid,

with

fticcs.

Method to be observed by

made of the Cud offences.

108 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. f 1753.

with such false or fiAitious name, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum, of fifty pounds.

Penalties may

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several penalties be recovered7 and forfeitures inflicted and directed to be forfeited and paid by by action, Scc.this act, and not hereby otherwise provided for, shall and may widi treble^recovered by any person or persons who shall sue, inform and

cofti prosecute for the same, either by action of debt, bill, plaint or

information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westwin Jlety with treble cofis of suit; in which no proteAion, wager of or in a sum- law or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; or by a mary way be- summary way or proceeding before any two or more justices of fore two ju- the peace for* the county, riding or place where such offence shall be committed, at the option of the person or persons who shall prosecute for the same; and for which purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices to hear and determine any of the offences against this act; and they are hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com-complaint* °n P*a^nt made in that behalf within ten days after such offence a '*committed, to summon the party or parties aceased, and also the witnesses on either side; gnd in case the party accused shall not appear upon such summons^-then, upon oath made of the*committing any of the faAs above-mentioned by one or more credible witness or witnesses, to issue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party offending, within the jurisdiction of such justices; and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party accused in not appearing (upon the proof of notice given) to proceed to the examination of the witness or witnesses on oath, and which such justices are hereby authorized, impowered and required to administer, to give judgment or sentence accordingly; and where the party accused shall be convicted of such offence, either by the view of such justices, or any of them, or upon such information as aforesaid, or on confession of the party accused, to award and issue warrants for the levying any pecuniary penalties so adjudged, together with the costs of such prosecution, on the goods of the offender, and to cause falc to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any there be) and where goods of such offenders cannot be found, to commit such offender to ptison, there to remain for the space of three months, or until such pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be paid; and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in the judgment of the said justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such person and persons to appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions for the county, city, liberty or place where the matter in question shall arise; and the said justices are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance thereof, and to hear the complaint or complaints of the person or persons so aggrieved; so as such person or persons so complaining do give notice in writing of such his, her or their intention to bring and prosecute any such appeal, unto the person and persons complained of, at lead four-

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-ponfu

Notice of appeal to be given.

1753O Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 30. 109

teen days before the quarter sessions; and shall within five days and Ttcota^m after such notice given enter into a recognizance with two sufficient zanCe^ri§i sureties, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of sureties to be and for such county, riding, liberty or place where such appeal entered into, shall lie, to try such appeal at the quarter session of the peace to be held for such county, riding, liberty or place next and immediately after such notice given; and the said justices, upon hearing the matter of the said complaint or upon due proof made to them of such notice given by the party or parties complaining (although he or they shall not prosecute the said appeal)

shall and may, at their discretions, mitigate the penalties or forfeitures incurred by the party complaining, or vacate or set aside the conviction or convictions, or set the party or parties at liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, with such costs, as to them shall seem reasonable; and also by their order or warrant to cause such costs to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person so giving such notice of appeal as aforesaid; and for want of sufficient distress to commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county, riding, liberty or place wherein such appeal shall be heard and determined, for any time not exceeding two months, or until payment of such costs shall be made; and if the person ordered to pay such costs shall Person order-happen to live in any county, riding, liberty or place without the ed to pay costs jurisdiction of the said court, it shall and may be lawful for any hving out of justice of the peace of the county, riding, city, liberty or place otthe court, wherein such person shall inhabit, and every such justice is justice fortbe hereby authorized and required, upon request to him for that county, See. purpose made, and upon a true copy of the order for paymentPay of such costs produced and proved by some credible witness up- a£dfijf on oath, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the money &c, .*

mentioned in that order to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person ordered to pay the same; and if no sufficient distress can or may be had, to commit such person to the common gaol of that county, riding, city or liberty for any time not exceeding two months, or until payment of such costs as aforesaid.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Applicttion of all the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures recovered and levied the forfeiture* by virtue and in pursuance of this act shall be paid, applied and

disposed of in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the trustees for repairing the road where the said offence shall be committed, or to such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall by writing under their hands order, dire# or appoint, in order that the same may.be applied for and towards the repairing the said road.

XVIII. And whereas many wise provisions have been made by several acts of parliament for punishing offences committed upon the turnpike roads in this kingdom. but the same have been so much neglected* that offences against the said laws are daily committed with

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 3Q.

[1753.

impunity for want of mating it the duty of proper persons to take care that prosecutions are effectually carried on against offenders: to the end therefore that offenders against the said laws Should not go unpunished, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ro^lawSfna<k> or hereafter to be made by any act or acts of

roads to be put parliament, whereby toll-gates or turnpikes are or shall be ena<d-in due exe- cd to be made and erected for collecting tolls for amendment of ration, any roads, and all other laws relating thereto, shall from henceforth be put in due execution; and for that purpose the trustees

fteet to audee iropowered' to ad under the authority of the said several acts reorders for that spectively, or any five or more of them, are hereby required at purpose, the next and other publick meetings, from time to time, to make proper rules and orders for the more effectual putting the and to appoint said laws in execution, and to appoint such person or persons as persons to car-they shall think fit effectually to carry on prosecutions for of-ry on profecu- fcnces committed against this act, or any of the said laws, within their respective limits and districts $ and to give ftrid charge and commands to their surveyor or surveyors to be diligent in givenotkeof frequently the said roads, and in taking due care to fee

ill offences. and inquire if any offence or offences are or have been committed upon the said roads respectively, and by whom the same hath or have been committed: and all the officers belonging to the said turnpike roads respectively are hereby required, as often as any offence or offences against any of the said laws shall come to his or their knowledge to have been committed upon the said turnpike roads within their respective districts, to give immediate notice thereof to some one of the trustees of the said roads, who shall forthwith procure a meeting of the trustees belonging to the said roads, or any five or more of them, who shall give immediate directions for prosecuting such offences.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be openly and publickly read in the presence of the said officers as often as there shall be a mcetiiigof the said removed.10* trufr* or any ^vc or more of them: and if any such officer shall be found to have been negligent in his duty required by this act, or to have omitted giving notice as aforesaid, every such officer shall be forthwith removed from his office by the said trustees respectively, or any five or more of them, and is hereby for ever after rendered incapable of holding any office whatsoever under the said trull.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or

difebkd from P*^00* who shall keep any victualling-house, alehouse or other holding any house of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any wine, cy-place of truss der, beer, alej spirituous or other fttong liquors by retail, shall under the ^e capable of taking, holding or enjoying any place or places 0 1 of trust or profit under the trustees of any act of parliament

made or to be made for erecting turnpikes respectively, or of or of fanning fanning the tolls thereby granted aftd made payable, during the same.*such tithe as he'shah keep such victualling-house, alehouse or other house of publick entertainment, or shall fell any wine, cyder, beer, ale, spirituous or otherstrong liquors ^retail.

Officer found negligent in

Victuallers

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 31'. H*

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any action or prosecution shall be commenced and prose- When the cuted in pursuance of this act, under the authority and by the {£°* direction of the said trustees, or any five of them, in every such charge* to^ case the trustees of such turnpikes respectively, or any five or paid out of more of them shall, out of the profits arising by the tolls of such the tolls, turnpike road, allow and pay to the prosecutor so much as the cods allowed by law shall fall Short of reimbursing him his just and reasonable expences.

XXII. Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed Trustees not to oblige the said trustees to commence or prosecute, or cause to obliged to

be commenced or prosecuted any action or proceeding for any prosecute, un. such offences, unless upon the confession of the offender, or^uP°"n-that one or more witness or witnesses can be had and produced, offender or to prove the commission of such offence. one or more

witnesses produced.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance Limitation of of this act, then and in every such case such action or suit shall actions. be commencedor prosecuted within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards 5 and the same and every such action or suit shall be brought in the county, riding or place*

where th^person against whom such action or suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the spe- General issue. cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this present act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, or be brought' or laid in any other county or place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if Treble costs the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his. Set 9 Geo. % her or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have c*7* appeared; or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for regulating the manner of ticenfing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence.

WHEREAS the laws concerning alehouses, inns and victualling-houses, and the licensing thereof are defective and infus -ficient for correcting and fuptreffing the abuses and disorders fre ouently done and committed therein, and dlfo for the conviction and

due

112

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. a.'ft,

dm pumjbment of ptrfm tak etpo* tktmfekm 1* 'ftiiklb'k/*

other liquors by retail without. litme: beat writol bytbfc Kiagb most excellent majesty, by and with. the advfee MM<eanfebt)flf _ the lords spiritual and temporal and eommorn in this pmffft

fineaWiwufa parliament afiembtaU.and by the authority of the fane, That tec, to take'upon granting licences by justices of the peace to any petfoa to recognizance keep an alehouse, km, victualling-house, or to sell ale* beer fa the fu f and other liquors by retail, every such person shall enter into a anaintenance ncoepizance to the King's majesty, his heirs and fi*cce(fers*«

of good order; the ram of ten pounds, with two sufficient Aireties, each in the sum of Ave pounds, or one sufficient surety in the sum of am, pounds, under the usual condition, for maintenance of good or-

der and rule within the same; and in case the person applying for such licence shall be hindered through (kknefe or infirmity, or any other reasonable cause, to be allowed by the said juffiocs of the peace, to attend in person at the meetings of the ferae justices for granting the said licences, then, that H shall and may be lawful for them to grant such licence, upon twro-falici-ent sureties entering into fudi recognizance, each in the penalty of ten pounds, for performance of the condition of the Aid recognizance; which said recognizance, with the condition thcro-and to fend the of; fairly written or printed, shall forthwith, or at the nextger n^nizance. neral or quarter session of the peace at fatfhsft, after gwfeg of the mim ^ch licences, be sent or returned to the clerks of the pcaoe^ er* persons acting as such, for every county, riding, city,: liberty* tpwn corporate in that part of Great Britain called wherein such licences shall be granted, under the hands , of, 4|i# justices of the peace before whom such r*C9goizance$r.wvy, taken, to be by thefeid clerks of the peace, or- such other pv*/, son acting as such, duly entered or filed amongst the records0$ the sessions of the peace; and that for every such licence granted without taking such recognizance, and for every such rocogni^ on penalty of zance taken, and not sent or returned as aforesaid, every just#* jl. 6i. sd. of the peace signing such licence shall forfeit the sum m pounds six shillings and eight pence.

II. And for the better preventing disorders in alehpufesgii^ifo

granted to*further enacted, That no licence to keep the same (lull bejpiqhp lone not li. ed to any person not licensed the year proceeding* cenfedtheyear person produce at the general meeting of the justices in Septim?. Pr^CfCfin|[* a certificate under the bands of the paribn, vicar or cuntye, shall iproduce* an(* raajor Part ofhc churchwardens and overieerv else certificate* of of three or four reputable and substantial householders and inha-their good bitants of the parish or place where such alehouse is to be, fetv

same. ting forth that such person is of good same and of sober life and

conversation; and it shall be mentioned in such licence, that such certificate was produced, otherwise such licence Qull be null and void.

Licensed per- HI. Provided nevertheless, That if any licensed perfoijshall Ion dying or die or remove from an alehouse, it shall be lawful/or removing, the the person succeeding to such houseto keep on the firid alehouse f-CMflor, up- a during

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 31* 113

during the residue of the term of fu&i licence, on condition that...within thirty days after such death or removal such person ob- such tain such certificate as aforesaid, to befigned by some neighbour- cate, may keeping jttftice, in order to its being produced at the next general on the house meeting in September; and if such certificate be not so obtain- fort*lc refi<lu* ed and signed within the said thirty days, then immediately from thclicence'&cf and after the expiration thereof, such licence shall be null and void; 9

and no licence shall intitle any person to keep an alehouse in any other place than that in which it was first kept by virtue of such licence, and such licence, with regard to all other places shall be null and void.

IV. Whereat by an act made in the second year of his present Aid- i Geo. c.»f. jessy's reign, intituled, An act to revive the laws therein mention- f. it.

ed; amongst other things it was enabled, That no licence shall be granted to assy person to keep a common inn or alehouse, or to retail any brandy or strong waters, but at a general meeting of the justices of the peace acting in the division where the said person dwells, to be bo/den on the first day of September yearly, or within twenty days afteror at any other general meeting of the said justices to be bilden for the division wherein the said person resides; which regie* lotion, by rtafon of the loft-mentioned provision, has been found by experience not to have the effect intended by the said regulation 5 be provision it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the laftin thelaid before-mentioned provision shall be and is hereby repealed; and clause repeal-tint from henceforth no licence for the purposes aforesaid shall be granted, but on the first day of September yearly, or within twenty days after; and that such licence shall be made for one Licences to be year only, to commence on the twenty ninth day of the said S"1tcocJ.1 September \ and that the day and place for granting such licences days after.and ihal) be appointed by two or more of the justices ailing for the the same to be division, by a warrant un^ier their hands and seals, at lead ten made but for days before such meeting, directed to the high constable or high'Tffff j.constables of the said division, requiring him or them to order g^cn^nbe hit or their respective petty constables or other peace officers, to time and give notice to the several inn-keepers and alehouse-keepers with- place for tn their respective constabiewicks, of the day and place of such ST*nting meeting; and all licences hereafter granted at any other time cm' or place shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace clerks of the shall keep a register or calendar of all the recognizances so sent peace to de-or returned, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the lh«r copie* jf justices of the peace at their general meetings in September every ^nc^Sthe year, for granting licences in each division or place, a true copy justices at their of such register or calendar; and that for every recognizance general meet-there shall be paid by the clerk or clerks of the justices taking; ngt for grant* such recognizances to the said clerks of the peace, as their fee ln3 J, cencw» for filing or recording the said recognizance, and for making year y*

and delivering copies of the said register or calendar thereof, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling, and no more; which shall

ii4 Anno UMI'

be paid to the ckrkjspFrly^ laid jul^ over and above the Fees payable to the u»id, })*ftjfi« sjetfeg} 3mrf Recovery of

VI. And be it etucted by the authority afore£n^7Th % ( the the forfeiture* fejj forfeitures For graming licences, without taking rect^oFr licei^* w?th- z»nces, shall and may be lued forbid recovered out taking a debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his. Majesty's pftufte recognizance, of record at IViJlvunjUr^ for the ufo of the perfoa or petlon* who shall Sue or prosecute for the ljunci together wnhdtdft*^>F suit; wherein no essoin, wager of law, or more than ofiei 'in-parlance shall be allowed...<1 , mn bur.

Where aiu- VH- And be it further enacted by the ^tborityriaforesaid, itice shall act- That any justice of the peace of any county, riding, judge the re- berty or town corporate, wherein such. licence shall be, granted, cognizance to upon complaint or information that such. lioenfed person l>afh b tosummon* done or-committed any act, offence or misdemeanor, ! wbcttby the party to in the judgment of the lame justice such wqgni*WIMO«yi»* the quarter., forfeited, or the condition thereof broken, may by fopmons fcOions, See. under his hand and seal require such person so comp&nedohrir informed against, to appear at the next general or quvter.frfl*<?o of the peace for the said county, riding, city, liberty or town corporate, then and there to answer to the matter of such plaint or information; and also may hind the person or pqrfoas who shall make such complaint or information, orany.other person or persons, in a recognizance to appear at such genend or quarter session, and give evidence against such person so^COtn-plained of or informed against; and the justices of the posq^ym their general or quarter sessions shall have power toidwft&bthe jury which shall attend at such sessions for the trial.of. tfiaveuses, or same other jury of twelve honed and fabftantial mon, t$^hie then and there impanelled by the sheriff, without feeorrevyjirfl, to inquire of the misdemeanor charged in the fakl complaintnr information; and if such jury shall find that the perfojk)fb complained of, or informed against, hath done any act wherobiy the condition of his recognizance is broken, fuchvaFFrbeing and the jury specified in such complaint or information,; k foall.and. >riwy ifce guiltyf there- lawful for the court at such general or quarteri^wro toadjudg' cognizance i* such person guilty of the breach of such recognizapefct!>*htah to be eitrested, verdict and adjudication shall be final to all inteats arid,

and thereupon the said justices shall order the.recognisw«-tered into by such offender to be estreated into hisr^ Majesty's court of exchequerito be levied to his Majesty's ufeand'that the said person, the condition of whose recognizance flbsU befo and be it difa- adjudged to be broken and forfeited, shall, from and act of; such bled from fell- adjudication, be utterly disabled to feU any ale, beer, (cyder, ing beer, dec. perry, spirituous liquors or ftroog waters, for the spaceofvthree for i year*. years.ancj any licence or licences granted or to be granted/to such person during such term, shall, be void, and of none effect.

VIII. Provided, That the said justices may at the request of adjourn The t*ie Pr°f*cutor or party lb complained of, or informed against, trial to next or either of his or her sureties, if they shall fee just, adjourn teflion*. the hearing and trial of the said complaint or information to the

then

££53JAtti6 vteeftiltf foft6 H; C. ft*

tfc&ffi&fTt^ri* bf'thC peace, WhCre tfte

same r,:

IJfd ]h/)&hfrefa thWiy pfrfins prefimi to feS ally bury cySery p^Wo&fr^ijuijtylii>rthdtf^ arts required by law for

«5

bfflWStits'p b^'^etefenfr enacted, TKatvwhere any justice, t>f the where a jtf-peti^>fhdllftif|)e^th^t aftyalehouse-keeper, victualler dr retailftice shall fuf-#}' fen^ile^Wbr/'c^der dr perry, without fiich1 licence, it shall fPc& thatn? and may be lawful for such justice to call such suspected person ai^&cwith* before Wtrij1 and also any excise officer T>r gauger, to produce out* iice*ncef beford'faeh^tiffice/fr^stock^book, or other accbunt which such he ma^ sum-officerfce^s^df ttfe^ha^e or survey of fifeh suspected person, mon him, and iiirefpe&bf imy of the liquors aforesaid*and Likewise to e*a-mitre such badfe Officer or guager upon oath, touching the trian- an7 examine ner^so^hteh foeB officer surveys or chaises such fafpefled ptr-such officer fom^lpCct^df tttVof the liquors aforesaid, ' Or how or1 in upon oath, wharikrtnrtcrfbch (tnpected person actually pays the dtftiC3ffor any d^fheT^d liquor^; and if it shall appear by fuctfstock book or Other koCctant, or by the examination of the ftfld officei* or^giuger Shat such person so suspected of felKng any of the li- quoilp&fof^id, is furveted as a victualler or retailer, and is chitgeif^hh the same duties that victuallers and retailers ares ufotrtlyohar^ed with, and pay for any of the liquors aforesaid^ affdis'hot rrttitledto the allowance or abatement given to com- fflotPtofewdrs, then and in such case such suspected person (half bedcetitedun afehouse* keeper, victualler, retailer or feller of id]/'of^thd^dOrt afcrrsaid, to all intents and purposes, as if the firt^sho^beta pmvWby two witnesses.

I*farther enacted, That if any person shall make Justice upon infdmWdon befote arty one justice of the peace, and shew pro-MbitPtWe^that he ftilpects that any person fells ale, beer or son j, rcafen-Otf^JqddrsNWtthOtit ^licence from two justices, it shall and ably suspeCUd ftfly^dlflwfol to-and for such justice to call such suspected per* of falling ale, schjttfbrfe4rirni indalfo tosummon any other person or persons

ptove*the charge against such suspected perfoti; summon the aW^frfu<^per(bft f^ summoned shall refuse to appear, or when party and appJWg, ^(haHreftffoto bd examined upon oath, and give evi- evidence. dtUci^tttfbrefeid, ft»Ch person or persons shall forfeit the sum of Personafum* ten^peninds, to btt levied by disttefs and sale of the goods and ^Siring* Chdftitoof such Offerider or offenders, by warrant under the forfait iol. hind Und seal of such justice, rendering to him or them the -otoMptaiy after Charges of the said distreis and sale deducted, ter be^(M theoverseers for the use of the poor of the parish or plac&Whtffe such perfortW^perse^so offending shall live*

XI.AWi bt ir farther enacted, That if any person shall be Persons difa-disabled?1^1 ObnHtiction to felt ale, beCr, cyder or perry, such bjed by con-perfotVfshall'by the same Conviction be also disabled td fell any vp"?n to fell spirit«Mjl1iqtk>rs Of strong waters, any licence before obtained bled also from for thir purpose notwithstanding; and every licence granted to failing spiritu-the person so convicted, to sell ale, beor, cyder, perry, spirituous liquors,

I 2 ous*c*

xi6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. dbg*. ClZSS*

oas liquors, (tong mmm or any of such conviction shall benuHand void; ttodvfvmpftrfmdtiiMfe ale, beer, cyder, perry, spirituous l^uora*ffr«]cwater»*ndf any of them, dudng the term of fucfa<btibtlky, (b*IJ h*W jeff toali or fochof the penalties, a* am rpipe^clyiiettcted by law for felling ale, beer, cyder, perry, fpuituous IjqmNb strong waters, or any of them, by rfctail without a UdtnHtlOnd in ail prosecutions of such offenders, acenideata from/thfe of the peace (or person affing as such) ofa«yfochooft»ffioiq shall be legal evidences which certificate such Okffc.of the pbM* or per ion shall grant oft demand without fro 0T reward* £ bsrflin Penalty of fell- xn. And be it further enafsect, That ev*fy> pesfou >ferflPtt* J*, "* &fj tiffed of the offence of felling ale, beer, another Iratfirsjhltth* cence from*out a licence from two justices of the peaee^lhaHfocmntiy two justices; such first offence, forfeit the sum of forty MiiUmf»tm>d.lMdtt4qr such second offence, shall forfeit the Ann of fourpouadftj dbd. for every such third offence, shall forfeit the sum roffaipniwNlu distivf*and by all whica feid respective forfeitures shall aed map b*Wffe4ita sale; distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every AwhipmMr

den (rendering to him the overplus, after ebwgpa^itfcetlM distress and sale deduffed) by warrant under the haitftrWAtifM one moiety to.of the justice conviffing such offenders and' shall be $l)it&ne theintormer, moiety thereof to the informer, and the other aaoiefyrthmiM&P ^theepoorW the werfeers of the poor, for the use of the poor erf ti*i|M$ for want of or place where such offence was committed; aadtf oo, lpl8fianr distress, the distress shall be found, whereon to levy the said resped&eftHfei* person to be tures, then the said justice of the peace shall and may PWnh committed, every, such offender to respectively convicted m afonffa^d*cM<d)S common gaol, or other prison, or house of correffiopK vyMvP hisi jpriidiffion, without bail or mainprise) for th^fpApriOf qm month, for the first offence; and for the feoond oftwjfccwfWffb* (paceof two months; and for the third offence, imdlduchodf fender shall be discharged by order of the <w*l of gentmtbw* terfeflions. > ...> sdlUrfl

: A:

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every conviction of

kcertifiti to any offender for felling ale, beer, or other liquors without such the next quar- bcence, or -after being disabled to fell, aa afamJaid^ fiafidbe ter sessions, certified by the justice of the peace owhing the faumtt so the

am) filed. neat general or quarter session of the peace, to beipeq ot; en-

tred amongst (he records of the said session; and that ptch]con-yiffion shall and may be drawn up and certified in the fej/awing form of words, as the case shall happen, or m any dthef jbrm of words to the same effess, mutatis mtttandis, that

Form of con. vittion.

Middle- J A.B. it ntm£}ed<m or beroum oanfegm foq oh ft*. } the oath of: \ f of b^w^fold

<tU, bier.r or other\iquofSy.inibtparjfbof^. > r

In this f ouutvy tit the _, day, of - v' [

being licensed thereto actor ding to law (or, being'/jifailed to

f»llf as the case may be) given under my bandtahd'ftetlHhtr day of

And

IJ5J.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. ayb.

Arjdithefv'lhaMbe added, Thttthe same is the fibft, feopnd, or lfenlt>fccniHdHop |-which said canviAian, in the same or the like fennwffiWord^ ihaM be good and effectual in law to all intents tiMpdrfathk, and fflaiH not: be quashed, fetaside, or adjudged tatdw'infofi&tnt^ forwent of any other form or words what* iu^ujivi "..,:

*7

b n 3CIV^i 1 Provided always, That foeh offender who shall be pu- Offender not ifthedWeirtneoflhit aA, Audi not bepomflwd again for the j| able?*»" My-former act; and that such Render who , 4Pt the OtidilbeptiliHhed 4by Virtue of any former act, shall not be pu-fame offence, nished agbtn'fer thefefne offence, by virtue of this present act, ontny^thitigherehi contained.

dislviiprovidad always, That this act, or sny thing herein Rights of the tHMrinpdJ ftihll' AW fin any wise be prejudicial to the privilege universities to 0^1km>sing*tavomS hnd other publick hooses, claimed by the £?*^icence*two tftitott&itft'Of that' cart of Great Britain called or

eiHwr Ofthtm; ttbr to the chancellor, matters and fdidars, or tfh^offtieri of th^feme, or their successors, but that they may whndefljcyfoohprfelitege as they have heretofore lawfully used and ^tljdyea; tiny thing herein contained to the contrary not-srtthftmarng. "

>nt3tWl Provhfcd always. That nothing herein contained, shall The times of &tad<to.b6<Mnftrued to extend to alter the time or times of 8r*n, mB "* grtAtiftglitetlCesfofkeeping of common inns or alehouset. Or ^mmonhins, W oUhge perihnS rior licensed the year preceding to produce not altered,tthMtaattfs, iflriiiy city ortown corporate.

"mJCVIIiGfVdvMed always, and be it enacted by the authority inhabitant of Vfefdfei&V Thht any perron shall be deemed a competent' wit- the parish nitty add'fee admitted to give evidence upon any information deemed a dP toittpkint for 'any offence committed against this act, not- c<!P^cnt ttithftaAtfitg foeh person be an inhabitant of or charged or lia-Me'teptybhai^d'to the payment of any rates or assessments for fltestcfeefof thepoorof any parish or place where such offence shall be committed.

onoiflivno, vw* _ Tnr+ii

ibul iWOi'tJlW 210- j T V AT. AAAIls

adftloff far continuing several laws relating ta the punt/bment ptrfaPsgpting amed or disgUiftd in defiance of the lows ^fiftoipseii extifii to thedrauftatk of the duties upon nfci)ffar^i(ari exported\and to the ditties upon foreign-wade'cloth i and also for encouragement of the manu-

lures-, and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported*and for encouraging the trade of the far'cap colonies in America and for vacating the security fat the duty on salt loft in any river, or in party after

shippedi and for enlarging the time for proving the loss of salt y Ctnd for relief of mqfiers of ships with respeti

so tpc importation of Joap andcandles, contrary to an act

I^made

I it Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II.

[1753.

made in the twenty third year of Ufatftff i n*hd

also for the more effectuat payment of'hoantm'

firitish-t made Jail cloth; and to tpt corfrpfy

of the treasury to dirctt the fa bntMty^tjs J

Henniker, and others, upon four flips fitted whale fishery, and lofi in the Greenland feasiaudiwlfato Philip How, andothers, upon two ships tmploytd in the said fishery, notwithstanding some'of the forms rfijtdWd "by law in fitting out fitch ships, were nit complied With'.

WHEREAS several laws herein mentioned* hjgvf fa

- " txpfrienfe been found useful and beneficial, and arenear-tUt-

S; may it therefore- pleaie your Majesty, that it naaybo^fr-; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majp&f, by and with the.advice and consent of the loi/ds fpbitasTrijid temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That lo much of an fedlfnask insures ill in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, maided, i9 Geo: x. c. 34. An act for the father punishment of persons going armed further con gulfed in defiance of the laws of tufiams or and fer 'indttpni-

ffifil offenders againsttbpfe laws upon the term in this act mentiau- 75 ed; and for the repef ef officers of the in iinformations, upon

seizuresi which act was to continue in force for the space>of (even years, and from thence to the end of the next feftictn of parliament, as relates to the further punishment of perfoosjgo-ing armed or disguised in defiance of the laws of custpp^ ojr Cxcise; and to the relief of officers of the customsm informations upon seizures, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred, and fifty eights and from thence to the end of the then next region of parliament, piajufe; B9& H? And be it further enacted by the authority afow(aicL, T>hst roWiil.j.c. 6. the dause contained in an act made in the ninth and tenth years ft). of the reign of his late majesty King Itiliiom the ThirOji, intituled, An act to settle the trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited time.a, drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported.; and which cfause afier, the expiration thereof was, by ap act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffien of »* Ann. ft. i. parliament and also the.proviso in the said last ad contained, tlierconti'uued no drawlwk shall be allowed on the exportation of any to , June -copper but fitch as had been or should be imported, from the 175X. East Indies and the coast of only 5 and which, laid dause

?3G*o.i.e.*7. and proyifo by another act made in the thirteenth year of the reigp of his jate Majesty, were further continued for fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next ftflVon, of parliament; and which said dau/e and proviso by anmhenad y c Geo. s. c. 3 j. made in the fifteenth and sixteenth yqarsof his present Majesty's9" reign, were further continued toe fourteen years, and, from

then?

17$3.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 32. 119

tht then. neXtfcfiion ofparlrameat; shall hj^anc^the j^o^sas hereby further continued from the expiration mereof until the twenty fourth day of -June one thousand i^m hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the rifim. dixt'fiffiibn nf parliament.' '

'*IUi And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That , 5 Geo. » c.tj. an>\h£fc, n»ade it) the; 'nineteenth year of his present Majesty's continued to 4pjgR4 oiifor tht more effectual feeuring the duties4 June »7S*»

UfwppfabL on foreign-made fail eloth imported into this kingdom;

afufir (barging all foreign-made fails with a j and for explain-

ing a doubt concerning ships being obliged, at their fir A letting out to fia\tt be fttmifijOd with one compleat Jet of Jails made o/British fail doth y Which was to Continue in force from the twenty fourth dHefdtJ/une one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the -ttha^Oi fcren year*, and from thenee to the end of the then nt&t session of parliament, ' shall be, and the same is hereby fur-thW Continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-foutthday of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, kftd from*thence to the end of the then next session or parliament.

tV; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thCseveral clauses contained in an act made in the eighth year Clauses in s'of the^reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for encourage- 9e°'*c-'meat of the ftlk manufactures of this kingdoman nued to*!*'

Hsetalduties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the duty upon March i7j». hetsvtr skim, pepper, mate, doves and nutmegs imported} and for the

importation of aHfurs of the produli of the British plantations into tbts kingdom only; and that the two corporations of on any

Jails brought on their policies, shall be liable only to single damages and 'tofitof fitit, relating to the encouragement of the Jtlk manufactures of; tmtkingdom, and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported^ which were to continue in force for three years from the tWehty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty WTO, and from thence to the end of the then next session of pamament; and which clauses were, by an act made in the u Geo. i.e.19. eleventh year of his fail) late Majesty's reign, continued from the ^expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by another act made -hv the fecund year of his present Majesty's reign, were*further continued from the expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament v and by another act made in the second year of his pre- Geo. *.c.*t, font Majesty's reign, were further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of tht then next session of parliament; and which by another act gGco # Clg< made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, were fUr-thsntontinued until the twenty-fifth Any of March one thousand fevett'hundred andfiotty two, and from thence to the end of the th^trineiit' fefilPO of parliament; and which by an act made in 15 Geo. i-c. 3j. the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Were further

126 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C; $2.

continued umil the firfislsy dtf % «rvo» ifootdkjd^fcveo hundred and forty fonvand from tnenpeto Ac, ehdwftbc fto Geo. 2 c. 45. then next session of ^aritdaacn^od ^hiehhy^anaA.madeiii thetwentieth ycuro£*hff'i<*igfriof bwpteftntt Majesty^wercfiiiv ther continued until thefiril'd^of.ttjf^ hundred and Jifty four, and from thencetothecndef thcihcn next session of parliament, ftuflbe, and the same tehatebyfifr*-ther continued from the expiration thereof until the /twfenty-

and fron/thence to the end of the then: neat ment. .-.? 4 c.\ or!t ro't

ft Geo. % c. 13. V. And be it further enacted by the aiithbrity aforesaidvTbafc

continued to an act made in the sixth year of inereigaof hiiipresent Majestyl ft4 June 1756. intitled. An act for th hotter feewring and encouraging thetrado'af his Majesty's fagar colonies ht America, which was to contmeo m force for five years, to be computed from the twenty fourth -day of June, one thousand seven hundred andthirtly threeyand*o the ix Geo. i. c. 18. end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an a A made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's neign, was further continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end* of the then i9Gto.ft.ca3. next session of parliament; and which by an act madcirrth* nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, was further conu tinued from the expiration of the said last mentioned term for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the cod, hf the then next session of parliament, shall be, and thefatae is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until thfc twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred land fifty-six. \ O.*'; t

Aan.e.14.

VI. And whereas by an act passed in the fecottd and third fearsaf the reign of her late majesty £ % uten Anne, (intituled, An act for the better securing and regulating the dutks^i>{mnfidt, ^iiektiffrd, That where any salt or rack salt (the dutin whereof faall bah \ been paid, or secured to be paid, according to the direBien of the /miner fawt relating to the said duties an fall) faall hr shipped or hid on board any faip or vessel in any port, river or place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in order to he exported to parts beyond the seas, or be carried coast-wifo i and the said salt or rock salt fa flipped or laid on board, faall happen to perifa by the sinking of the ship or vessel on which the /ante faall be/hipped or laid on hoard, before the said fai? or voffUfiball go out of futh port or place, and before the exporter of such Jnh ftaU he intiued lo.a drawback or allowance of the duties thereof, that then and in such case the exporter, or proprietor of the said salt or rock fab so perifaed faall, upon proof wade before the Justices of the peace at the'jnext general quarter-fefjiom of the peace to he held for the county, city,

' riding, dmfion or place, next to the place where the findfait or rook salt faall fa perifa, of the loss of the salt or rock salt fa shipped, no* dive from the said fiffions a certificate that fiabproof was madehefoke them: , and upon producing the find certificate to any of ber Mafaflds eolkBors or Officers appointed to tolkB the said duties on fab, tblfmd.column

ill

tgtssO 'A"n* v<lx(b&0<ia^DoQaM>BiBi!bi3; th.ga.

mSxBekrsfthi^ctntsamftfiribyrafefhd telieithe Jaidexperteror pehprhotdxbupthe hk^quartatyoffahsor, recit Jolt it expressediii

the-ifeeddktifimterkednlfeepkrb/btd]<nwtkikt, -popng to Mafifty

osfiibttyof ehrift /hr thb'fme, in tbafim! manner asiffutb/nktr owtefakiofiftiperbftedigajngioqftwife froth and pert ^England'so oaatttri' un&vabexbtrbpon'nOmask ixthc'eighth year cfthe reign s Geo. i. c.+.

ffiBisfhmfifiy'Kbtg Gedpgfe the First, Mitnbi, Knactiac taking off t^trdrrtyaiboh rail Tab tried in the curing of red herrings, and J^jnf^rqportSoi&Uei doty upon all< red herrings contested at Mnjony^slid farnribertainlngthe cufbbms and excise payable for the sugar houses in Scotland; and for making an allowance ioHaldiere'ih»any Jiaebonr or river of this realm; and for the bfdhfr Wearing did duties on fah delivered in Scotland, ineHgotbef'tlhngsrnafitdi; that the owners mapapnuMcfthesditt/'/baU perish trielefi in any of the parts or

hubbeunsy hr: rivers of tins realm, by Jiormtbr rages of the tides from fhet, oorhotbermjh, fluMitpon fitch proofsmade thereof nad{in Jnatheias is denoted by the afere-nuntmned ail of the and 'tifireh years' tf the reign of her late niajejiy Queen Anne pdmrtliefi iuhafisefjalt loft by violent orfiormy be

untitled tof futis' xemf catt, and thereupon fitch right and privilege, uhanjoutnien of the like salt lojl atfiam She case are entitled to,

bytxxrtde of the fold ait; which privilegeto buy the tide.quantity efifodtsos ttexprtjftd in the certificate to be hft, without poyhjgJobts lAftejestydOy doty of'excise far the same: and' the exporteh

off oat to foreign parts do give bend for the duty of the

4find\is\thrtbcrgtd bya debenture upon the exportation

j fetchhnfbsi where the fbitts lofiin carrying tkefame down the river m order to be shipt on board thevejfelin which the is

ported, or lofiin the port after the same is shipped,

udperMst or canto entitled to a debenture, the exporter or owner of

thhfidtfi loft, 'ttpm proof thereof in manner as directed by the afore

reftted dGs , Stains a certificate of such proof being made, which certificate vilifies him by the said acts to buy the like quantity of salt as is expreftd thereinto have been lojl, without paying any duty for the

fami, fixt tannetbt applied to the difehorge the bond given for the daty^bf the jati bft, the exporter therefore mu ft the bond

hr mbiuymithout any abatement, and when he has Jo done, he cannot exportthe fakdelivered him duty-free, so as to he intit led drawback -thereupon ibut mu ft fell it for home cenfie

dt/hdoantagr, as the dealers in salt for borne consumption bavt cr-dif-ccirnt on prompt payment of the duly, and an allowance for waste on '/hit: carried coafiwtfi: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the Certificate for ?ai*thotStyafbresaid, That where any salt or rock salt hath been fah loft, tova-foftvor shall be loftin carrying the same down any river; In oft- c?te these^u" der to- be shipt on board the vessel in which the same isfo be Myment of*

exported, dr hath beenor.shall be loft in theport afrerthei&me the duty. 4*(hipf, and befoie the exporter is or can be Inritled tO'a de-'brtnture, and proof thereof hath been or shall be madeiffall phikwtyand in marmer.as directed by the afore recited acts, -lhen ^Md in^verr. fudicifcthectrtifttat& or cartifie^t for all such

salt

1*2

4&5 Ann.c. i

Time for ma* kin? proof of salt loft, in or* der to obtain a certificate, enlarged to two yean.

ft3 Geo. itC. 21. £7*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. j£.

felt or rock felt that bath been loft or (had beJoft, (ballaad n^y be applied by the collector of the duties on felt, for the pljice where the duty on such felt or rock felt hath hector shall be secured to be paid, to discharge and vacate the security given, er to be given for the duty of (b much felt as shall appear by/aeh certificate to have been loft 3 any thing in the said it> part recity-id acts, or any other a# to the contrary- in any wise oat with-(landing*-.:. '

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Quun Anne, intituled, An act for laying further cjutiespnlow wines \ and &r preventinghe damage to her Majesty's revenue by importation of loreigf^ottt whalebone; and foi^making son^provisions as to the stamp duties, and the duties 00 births, burials, andr marriages* and the felt duties, and touching million* lottery ticket* and for enabling her Majesty to difoofe of the effects of VfdUani Kidd a nOtor rious pirate, to the use of Greenwich hospital; and for appno-priating the publieje monies granted, in thfe session of parliament 5 it is enacted, Thajt the exporter qr proprietor of salt or rati salt which shall perish or be UJl in the manner described in the fend aB, shall, upon proof made before the jujhcts af the peace at the getur ral quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county* city* ruling, division or place from whence the same was fa exported, of the loss of such fa}t so shipped or to be shipped, receive from the said fejfiens aver* tificateth.t such proof was made before them % and upon producing the said certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on fttlkfdk shall have been paid or secured to be paid, such security jballbedtfi charged, and so much money as was actually paid for the.dutyofjhe said salt shall be repaid upon demand by the said officer without for or reward\ provided such proof be made as aforesaid by two crediUe witpejjes within six months after such loss or taking as aforesaid and whereas the maxing such proof as aforesaid within the time Jmktd by the said aB has, in many cases, been found i/npraBicabley hyna-son of the shortness of the said time \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the time for making such proof as aforesaid, shall from and after the passing of tbta> act be enlarged to Jtvyo years; any thing in the said act, to the cwtrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an act made in the twenty third year of At/ present Majesty's reign, for tiforcing the laws against the ckvidestine importation of soap, candles and Jlarch, into this kingdom, a penalty of fifty pounds is laid upon the majier, mate, or other person taking the charge or command of any fiipor vessel wherjtin any candks+ feap or starch, shall be brought or imported contrary to the Jqid aft \\ and power is given to the commissioners of excise and justices of tht'Peace before whom any informations for the penalties imposedAy tht\find aB shall be heard and determined, t o mitigate the same when they shall fee cause, so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty H\Uji than one fourth part thereof, over and above the\ cffls and charge she officers, as well in making the discovery as indhe prdfeeution efiae same: , and whereas the mqflers or other persons having the chprgcsyf

123

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 32.

/Upo^vtffik^'dre^Rable to the petrify inJfiSfed by the said at1 far imparting tdndtes, flap or*jiarck, otherunfe thati by the said at! is prescribeds although fob candles, foot* dr forth, were put on board witbm&cbb knowledge or priority of fob maforstfr other persons aforesaid, by the Mariners fairing on board such flips or vessels; and it bridfautble that fob matters or other persons Should be indemnified agbMjltke penalty to which they are by the said at! made liable for the offences committed by the said mariners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when ahy information shall be Uponinforma-teohghf against ttte matter, mate or other person, having the tien brought ebai^>df any ttnp oi^ vefle), for recovery Of the penalty inflicted frrtuCCOVC7t by the fard aft ter importing Candles, loap or starch, otherwise fnAiaecHby y than by the said act is pneferibed, it shall be lawfal for such the recited matter, mate or other person, to flop and detain the wages of the the wages mariners and men farVing on boaffd stich ship or venel, until oftbemari-such information shall be heard and determined, and if upon tabjed°till the" the hearing and determination thereof it shall appear that ttich same shall be candle*, soap or starch, were put on board such ship or vessel by determined, any of the mariners or men serving the rein, without the knowledge or privity of the matter, mate or other person, having the charge or such ship or vessel, it (haM be lawful for such matter, and upon con* mate or other person aforesaid, to keep and retain in his hands to be

so much of the wages of the mariners and men ferring on board payment of such ship or vessel, who shall be found guilty of or privy to such the forfeiture, offence, as will be suficient to answer and satisfy the penalty in* flt&ed upon such matter, mate or other person aforesaid, who shall be and ishereby indemnified for so doing.

IX. 'And whereas the provision contained in an at! made in the twentystbird year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the due and regular payment of the bounties granted upon the exportation of Britishiu erode sail cloth has proved ineffectual; be it therefore enacted by bounties the authority a fore said. That the bounties due since the first of £har ed on*1 Juns'wm thousthd seven hundred and fifty, (being the Com- the^Sd fubfi-mencement of the said provision) and which shall hereafter be- dy, applicable come due on the exportation of British-mndt sail cloth, instead to payment of being paid in the manner in the' said act directed, shall be, of incident!, and the same are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of* such parts of the old iubiidy as are applicable to the paymerit of incidents.

X. And whereas by two at!s of parliament made in the sixth and 6 Geo. *, c. jj, twenty fecendyears of the reign 0/his present Majesty^ for the enctu- »* Geo. *.c 45. ragement of the whale fishery carried on by his MnjefoU British sub-jetls, a bounty of forty JhUlings per ton, under certain regulations mentioned in the said acts, is to be paid by the receiver general of the atfloms to the master or owners of flrips employed in the whale fishtry in the Greenland seas or Davis's Streights, on their return to this kingdom: and whereas John Hennicker, Henry Bird the elder,

Henry Bird the younger, and Conrad Lang of London, merchants, did fit out in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, four ships* called the Merry Jacks, Sword Fish, Resolution and Neptune, for the whale fishery in Greenland seas, in the manner

preferibe4 '

1*4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c.gj.

[1J33.

prefir ibed and appointed cby the fBsr end' kflith said flips sschr actually employed in the said.fishery, but, Mre unavoidably 4

Treasury im- fiudfeas-, be it therefor*.enacted by ffifl: M»thooty.afercfauf*Tiha£

te&the boon- the of of his: Majesty's tre*fory: ferfoeti<heb*tag£ ties to be paid] or any three of them, shall Jsep amftbey aft hereby jaspcttocted to John Hen- to direct, if thcv think; fit, -she payment of the bounties whicher. M*ff* the said John h/cnn'uktr* Henry Bird the ftJder, Henry Bird idbe ConradLanft youn2er' arM* Conrad Lang, would have been inhaled to incase b' the said ships had retufoed to this kingdom i any.thing is rth» said two several acts contained to the contra cyitt>teuthftaad in g*

6 Geo. *, c.jj.

XI. And whereat by two-offof par UamtUt modem

Geo. i. C 45. twenty-fiecond yean of the reign of hii present Majafifyfir. tht on* eouragement of the whale fi/ en by hit Britife fidqitflfo

subjects, a bounty of forty fallings per ten* ustddr tenth mentioned in the said arts* is to be paid by. the receiver general of the customs to the master or owners of employed in the whale fi/htry

in the Greenland seas or Davis's SHeights, on their return taOhis kingdom: and whereas Philip How, on the behalf ofhimfidfandft-veral other persons, did in the year one thousand bundrtdand fifty-two, fit out two flipsy tailed the Argyle Campletoun, for the said fishery, in the manner required by the find alls 5 and said ships were cSlually employed in the find fi/bety, and did,

this kingdom with three whalfs3 but by reason of an omtjjtbn or mif-take in making the affidavits, and giving the required

said a Sis, the said owners have not been able to obtain the proper certificates for the payment of the said bounty; be it therefore cna&edi by the authority aforesaid, That the of of his Mqp£yfr treasury for the time being, or any three of then, shall be, >and they are hereby impowered to dire#, if they think fit, the pay-And also to ment of the bounties which the said PhilipHaw and others Philip How, would have been intitled to in case they had complied mthsil the forms and regulations required by the Olid aAsofparUftr mem; any thing in the said two several acts contained ter thn contrary notwithstanding.mrttiw

Cap. xxxiii.

Vj. , v. 4u a8 far the letter preventing of danJeftinc marriage}.

' 1.J\jLT H1LR1&K&.gnat.mifthufs and.mtooeaewantiei arisen

y\.u from ekndejline marriages, -preventing thereofforthq future, 'be it.«na6ted by the King's most excellent majestyt, nby and with the adviceanaioonfent of the lords (primal andteifc-poral and commons in this present staritamcot assembled, and byth^ambonty of the same, That from andnfter the twenty* fifth day of, March isbthe year of our Lord onethouseadferes Publication of hundred and fifty four, all banns af matrimony shall bepob-h"1*1* lished in an audible manner in the partih church* or io same publick chapel, in whichpUWick chaptl banans of matrimony have been usually published, of or belonging to such pariAbrir chapelry wherein the persons to be married shall dwell, jfitMd-ng to the form of words prescribed by the robrkk pmfiNedntQ the office of matrimony in the book of common prayer, upon

tbrqq

12 5

>7930 Anno vicesimo fe«o Georgii II. c. 3$. three iJ*0</i»rpracesHng the ibletnnixation -of marriage, -daring the rime of morning ferric©, or of evening Service (if there be nsrukorning ferviM <bi 'such chutchotr chapef upon any of those Sipufys) immediately after the second leflbn; and wkensoever ibfhotthappenhalt the ptffoMtohe matried shall dwell ht die vfcreinarifhe* or chspelrks, the banafeshall In like manned be pdblnshed rr» the church or chapel belonging to such parish or chap c4ry wherein each of the said persons mail dwell and where bath «r either of the persons to be married (halt dwell in any extra ptrddSiul place, fh*vlhg rio chareh or chapel wherein banns heveocen uftnilly poblished) rhen the banns shall in like manner he publiftiea mi the parish ehurch or Chapel belonging to same futish or 'ihapeftyaajoining to such extraparochial place: ami w here banns maM benublfthed in any church or chapel belonging to any parish adjoining to such extraparochial place, the partofi/vfcar, minister 6r cerate, publithing such banns; Srflt, Min; fter to krwrhfng under his harid, certify tine publication thereof in such sign the pub. martnerasif either of the persons to be married dwelt in fetbJilication; lining-parish; and that all other: the rules pfeftribedby laid fubrick concerning the publication of banns, and the rnsetob^so-mnieation of matrimony, and not hereby altered, shall lemnixed in " duty oMerved; and that in alt cases where banns (hall- hove bten one of the pOMHhed, the marriage shall be solemniaed in one of thepariftt churches ehurihesor chapels where such banns have been published; and hnno other place whatsoever.: \be"n*publish-

vdlfctihwided always, and it is hereby fhrther eha6ted, That ed. fiofatribh, vicar, minister or curate shall be obliged to pubbfh Notice of lhe ttwbrfshs of matrimony between any persons whatsoever, urtfefe names, placet*tbaqpesHbm to be married shall, seven days at the least'beford of abode and tbtrmrkraequired for tfce first publication of such banns respec- tjm* fivefy, 7'deliver Of cause to be delivered to such parson, vicar, ntlraferffir Curate, a notice in writing of their true ehrifthn and g-, ven to°the fb shall id^ nWdof the house or houses of their respective abodes minister 7 days within such parish, chapelry or extraparochial place-us aforesaid, before publi-and of the time during which they have dwelt, inhabited or lodged in such house or houses respectively.

m.lv-PtbVicIed always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Minister not fetesaid, ' That-no parson, minister, vicar or curate foldmniiirtg punishable for mbrfiages aftdr the twenty fifth day of March one thoofani ft- lolemnizing t<h, bhndred and fifty four, between pfrfbns, both Ur one of ", arria8e*t.,' whtMrf shall be under the age of twenty one years, after barms the

pablished, ' shall be punishable by ecdefiaftic&l -cenfaresforfas- patents or ktuttiteing fitch marriages without consentof parents orguardi. guardians give aos, 'Whole consent h required by law, unless such parson, mi* "°'10ttict ot utter, dricar or curate shall have notice of the diffem of such pat- - en 1 MHf or guardians; and in case such 'parents or guardians* - of but where'OMrofshem; fhatt openly and publickrly declare, or cause to be such d, l!'ent dtaftrurf; Hi the eboreh or chapel inhere " the banns shall be-so fl.ia, lJ?e de, 'r ihtMWiid; cftKetHne offoch publication, his, her or thbictHfi- c; "on' '* fWntoifodP1 mahtegt*, such publication of banns shall beabfo- banns to be hite*y v»id. 7/'«f ff :; % < 1*v void.

12 6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. o&njg. C

Licences to be

IV. And it is herdbyfiHther enacted, That sio So^hteof mm* femnize ma-° r"8e ftM* from , and after) the said twenty: 'fifth* dayofJdareirm trimonyin the the year one thousand fcYttri^; htm6red; md; fifty! fbnrpfact granted church or by any archbishop, bishop, or other ordinarly or (perfehaharing chapel of authority to grant such licences, to federative: any Jaarringesm Iwhere'one any other church or chapd,: than m< the parish chttnchoor ptab-oVthc^rtks6 Kcfc chapel of or belonging < to the parish or thapeh^witJun shall have re- which the usual place of abode of one of the persons itodxKinar*-iided for ried shall have been for the space of four weeks immediately weeks before, before the granting of such licence, or where bothy Or either of c* the parties to be married shall dwell in any extrafperochral place,

having no church or chapel wherein bannt have been usually published, then in the parish church or chapel belonging to forae parish or chapelry adjoining to such: extraparochial place, and in no other place whatsoever.

Places Mfhich

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-roay be deem- foresaid. That all parishes, where there shall be no parish church chia*hybrids" or^bapebbelonging thereto, or none wherein divine serviceshall a a. be usually celebrated every Sunday, may be deemed extraparochial places for the purposes of this act, but not for any other purpkrfe.

Archbishop of VI; Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Canterbury's shall be construed to extend to deprive the archbishop of QarHer-

f^iaihcraces ^*7 an(* ^, s ^uccc^rs» and h*s and their proper officers, of the rcfcrved. right which hath hitherto been used, in virtue of a ootainlfta-

tute made in the twenty fifth, year of the reijrn of thadateKawg

r ... Henry the eighth, intituled, An act concerning Peter fcvw&ani

difpinfations; of granting special licences to marry at any convenient time or place.: ° 'W; 1 t

Surrogate de-

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That firom aftdiafc puted to grant ter the twenty fifth day of March in the year one thousandfdvtut licences, to hundred and fifty four, no surrogate deputed by any eodefisfti*

of office °and ca* jodge> who hath power to grant licences ofi marriage, shall give security. grant any such licence before he hath taken an oath befor£tbr said judge faithfully to execute his office^ according to the best of his knowledge, and hath given security by Jnsrbond in the sum of one hundred pounds to the bishop of she diocese, for the due and faithful execution of his said office.

Persons con-

VIII. And whereas many persons do folemmzcmatnmetoy M pti-viaed of so- fans and other places without publication of baumy or licence of mar* lemnizingma- r\Qge firstbad and obtained; therefore, rorxhe prevention thereof* outb^nns^rH- lt en3r&d* That if any person shall, from and after tht said cence, orinany twenty fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hu* other place, dred and fifty four, solemnize matrimony in any other place than Sec. except by a church or publick chapel, where banns have been usually pub-cenoe listed, unless by special licence from the archbt&opof Canute

9 bury; or shall solemnise matrimony without publication of bannhj unless licence of marriage be first bad and obtained from fdme person or persons having authority to grant the same* every per^ ion knowingly and wilfully so offending, and being lawfully coiv* vitfted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty Of so-lony.

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. 0^33. 127

Umfi wdrlhailhc tfortfpdrttdfto fotfie of hi* Majesty's pi ant a- to be trans. t»nairtljfjfDrr/^ for the space of foufteea yem, according to the P°rted» laws tire fofcefatf trattfpoitaf ion of felons*and< all marriages so-hmwaied Jrom mvfrmbr the twenty fifth day of March in the year once thoofertd seven hundred and fifty four, in any other pheze t4»na church of fuich publick chapel, unless by spectalli-cene'as aforesaid, ior that mall be solemnized without puWica- andt. mar^ tienrofbanns, or licence of roarriagb from a person or persons Jj] tcTbc" hsrinfc authority t<y grant the same, first had and obtained, shall null, be namcmd void txxaH mtents and purposes whatsoever.

Provided, Than all prosecutions!1 for such felony shall be Prosecution commenced! wHhinmbe space of three years after the offenceor lbe rame

cooubktedv1 'nr* .1 i:o < rae^ced° with-

X.iPfovidpd always^ That after the'solemnization of any in 3 year*, marriage, under a publication of banns, it shall not be necel- Proof of the faiy mifojpport of fdch marriage, to give any proof of the adttial parties dwell-dwellihgbf the parties in the respectire parishes or 'chapelries whereintbc banns of matrimony were pubHshed; or where the ra^r-marriage is by licence, it shall notbe necessary to give any proof riages shall that the usual place of abode of one of the parties, for the space have been so-of four weeks as aforesaid, was in the parish or chapelry where, cmn/lzcd* 001

9 i 1 / tieceflary to

the marriage was solemnfeed 5 nor shall any evidence in either of t^c val&ftyof the said cases be received to prove the contrary in any suit touch- iucfo marriage, ing the validity of such marriage.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That all marriages solemnized by licence, after the said twenty fifth day of Adarvb by

one tkou/and seven hundred and fifty four, where either of the licence with, parties, not being a widower or widow, shall be under the age out consent of of twenty one years, which shall be had without the conftnt.of the parent* or the father of such of the parties, so under age (if theri liting) ^tereritbet* fkft/had and obtained, or if dead, of the guardian or guardfems of the parties ofifhe.peribnof the party so under age, lawfully appointed; or (not being a obenofthem; and in case there shall be no such guardian guardians, them of the mother (if living and unmarried) orif

there^hall be n6 (mother living and unmarried, then of a gu2r-Y0id. g

dianorguardians of the person appointed by the court of Chan*: ctry\ shall' be absolutely null and void to all intents, and purposes whatsoever*

XII. jfndwhertas it may happen, that the guardian or guar/b'erfs, oq

mother or mothers* of the parties to be married, or one of them* so:>.»v

under age asefertfatd, ^Non* compos mentis, or may he in < ! >(

parts hejpnd thelfeasi or maybe induced wtreasonabfy, and by undue '1 1

motives itoabufe the thifl repofedinbim, herir them* by refufvng or 'f>f withholding Us* ben or thevr consent to a.proper marriage; be it,

therefore crtacted, That in case any such guardian or guardian*) Where the mother- or meebers, or atiy of them, whefe consent is made ne-Euark^j^ c^feiy dafr afowe&M,; shall be Afar compoimentis, or in parts be-yombthe ftai^or focril refiife or withhold his, her or their con-, went is, or in (im^o^the mamage'ofrany pcifon, it shall and may be lawful parts beyond far anytyofrfod dcfinObi of marrying, in arty of the befote#m*o- rthCifca8'or tioned cases, to af>ply by petition to the lord chancellor, lord rafonablr

keeper, with-holi

128 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 33. [1739.

their consent, keeper, or the lords commissioners of the great feri of Gfr#

the parties Britain for the time

who is and arc btrefag intpowfred

eyiordPchan>to Procce(^ upon such petition, in a fomanry way i ami in case cellor, &c. the marriage proposed, fiiali upon examination appear to be and being ap- proper, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, er M cqamif-§rOVlfthy or" oners of the P*1 the time being, shall judicially de-

court, shall be clare t^c same to* f° an or(*er of court, and such order

effectual. shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual tp all intents and purposes, as if the guardian or guardians* or mother of the person lb petitioning, had consented to such marriage*

No suit to be

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in no case in the ecclesia- whatsoever, shall any suit or proceeding be had in any ecclesia-TOmpeUmar! ^, ca* court» m order to compel a celebration of any marriage in riage in fade fate ecclesia, by reason of any contract of matrimony whatso-eccufi* by ever, whether per verba de prafenti^ or pfr verba de futuro, reason of any which shall be entered into after the twenty fifth day of March

contract. in tjlc yCar ortc thousand seven hundred and fifty four $ any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And for preventing undue entries and abuses in refci-fters of marriages; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty fifth day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and from time to time

S»*v afterwards as there shall be occasion, the church-wardens and provide§books chapel-wardens of every parish or chapelry shall provide proper in which are books of vellum, or good and durable paper, in which all mar-to be regtfter- riages and banns of marriage respectively, there published or so-ed all roar- Jemnized, shall be registered, and every page thereof shall be

bamitn marked at the top, with the figure of the number of every such

page, beginning at the second leaf with number one $ and every leaf or page so numbered, shall be ruled with lines at proper and equal distances from each other, or as near aa may bej, and all banns and marriages published or celebrated ip any obusefe or chapel, or within any such parish or cbdpelry, shall be re* the same to be spectively entered, registered, printed, or written upon or signed by the near as conveniently may be to such ruled lines, and shall bO: xniiuitcr j signed by the parson, vicar, minister or curate, or by (bmeor

ther person in his prefenoe, and by his directioni and such ew-, tries shall be made as aforesaid, on or near such lines in faocefo* five order, where the paper is not damaged or decayed, by ac<v cident or length of time, until a new book shall be thought pro* and the books or necessary to be provided for the same purposes, and them to belong to the directions aforesaid shall be observed in every such new book* the parish, and and all books provided as aforesaid, (halt be deemed to betoage to be kept for to every such pariftt or chapelry respectively, end shall be case- -fully kept and preserved for publick use.

XV. And in order topreserve the evidence of mapiagefcrad' to make the proof thereof more certain andeafy* and for thodi*> region of ministers in the celebration of marriages and regiftcfs. ing thereof, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth, day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred ondfifty' four, all marriages shall be foknuuzcd in ttte pmforaof ewo;

/ /»or

publick use.

Marriages to belblcmnized in the pre-I of two

1953.] Anno vicesimo facto Georgii n. c. 33. 129

dttftmit^cfedibk etitnefiel, besides the minister who shall cele- witnesses, he-tolttllw Ahnet arid'that immediMelyafer the celebration of e- the

Viby marriage, an entry thereof shall be made in Ibch register to £1 reriftered* lM Itt^r'arafbfefidd? ft»which entry Or register it shall be ex- 6

£*' % 'TJ'Tu C*, ebrated^uba1nnS or I*" and signed by]

concc'i and tr both or either of the parties married by licence, be the minister/

under age, With content of the parents or guardians, as the case parties and

shall be; and shall be signed by the minister with his proper ad- witnesses.

ditton;nd also by the parties married, and attested by such two

wimeffcs; which entry shall be made in the form or to the effect

following; that is to say,

A.B. of \jhis\ Ptrifl Form.

and C.D. of Parish

were married in thisby [lwith con^nt

[/uardZs] tbh day of in the ear,

1

J. J. I Virar

a B

This marriage was solemnized between us q' in the

B-. Fi

Q.H.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, persons eon. That if any person shall, from and after the twenty fifth day of lifted of Mar eh in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, making a false with intent to elude the force of this act, knowingly and wilfiil- ,*h.tylnfert, or cause to be inserted in the register book of such131* patifti or chapelry as aforesaid, any false entry of any matter or thing relating to any marriage; or falsely make, alter, forge °roroff; counterfeit, or cause orpTOcure to be falsely made, altered, Jorg- &c. any such cdor counterfeitedjOr aifor assist in falsely making, altering^forg- entry, in^orcounterfeiting Any such entry in such register; or falsely make, after, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be f^iely made, altered, forged or counterfeited, or assist in falfeJyrof molbbtg-, altering* forging Or counterfeiting any such licence of, j£ny marriage as aforesaid; or utter or publish at true any such fa be,

altered, forged or counterfeited' register as aforesaid, or a copy thereof, or any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited U-cenCeof marriage, knowing such register or licence of marriage reQtoftiwdy, to hjr faKe, altered, forged or counterfeited 5 or if.

<h»ll, from and after the said twenty fifth jay of; Marik wilfully destroy, or cause or procure to be destroyed, any iuIntent tuch. register beak of joalttmges, or any part of such register book, -xegitter,

to suffer'death.

Marriage* of the royal family,

and of quakers and Jews, and of persont in Scotland, or beyond the feat, excepted.

This act to be read in all parish churches and publick chapelt.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 34. [1753.

with intent to avoid any marriage, or to subject any person to any of the penalties of this act; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XVII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the marriages of any of the royal family.

XVIII. Provided likewise. That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, nor to any marriages amongst the people called Quakers, or amongst the persons professing the Jewish religion, where both the parties to any such marriage shall be of the people called Quakers, or persons professing the Jewish religion respectively, nor to any marriages solemnized beyond the leas.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be publickly read in all parish churches and publick chapels, by the parson, vicar, minister or curate of the respective parishes or chapelrics, on some Sunday immediately after morning prayer, or immediately after evening prayer, if there shall be no morning service on that day, in each of the months of September, October, November and December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and afterwards at the same times, on four several Sundays in each year, fthat is to say,) the Sundays next before the twenty fifth day or March, twenty fourth day of June, twenty ninth day of September, and twenty fifth day of December respectively, for two years, to be computed from and immediately after the first day of January in the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to explain, amend and continue several law* more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom; for the more effectual paying the expences of passing vagrants, for obviating doubts that may arise touching the keeping of prisoners, until the prison of the Marshalsea of the court cf King's bench, shall be rebuilt or repaired, and for amending so much of the act of the twenty fourth of his present Majesty for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in use, as relates to the time of electing publick officers of the city of Chester.

WHEREAS the contagious distemper amongst the homed cat-tiefill continues to rage in toil kingdom: and whereas the several laws made to prevent the spreading of the said distemper (which have been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the «dvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons

I7£3.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 34. iSi

mon*in this prefciit parliament assembled, and by the authority of thejfune#i That dn act made in the nineteenth year of the f

reigftofhi* present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable his Ma- Jcvenringtht jessy to make rules orders and regulations 'more effectually to prevent spreading of toe spreading of the distempef which now rages amongst the horned cattle the di (temper in this kingdomt which was to continue in force for the space of eight months, and to the end of the then next session of parliamenti and which by an act made in the twentieth year of the i9 Geo. '». c. 5, reigd of his present Majesty was explained, amended and continued* and to be in force with the said last mentioned act for to Geo. i.c.t, the space of eight months, from the tenth day of January one thpuumd seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which said acts, n Geo. 1.0.33, by an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his presect, Majesty, were further continued until the twenty fourth day of September one thousand. seven hundred and forty eight, and 41 Geo. ix.4.6. from, thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty fourth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also several clauses in the said act made in 'the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending, explaining and enforcing the said acts made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign; and for preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the horn- 4j Geo. ».c.ai. cdcattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the kill-"'ing of cow calyes; and which by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty were further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then+ Geo ntat fcflidn of parliament; and also several clauses in the said act^mad^in the twenty third year of the reign of his present»and which by an act made in the twenty fourth year reign of h present Majesty were further continued until the^lfday of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty One, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also several clauses in the said act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and enforcing the said acts; and which by an act made in the 15 Geo. s c. 3t. Ui^hty.fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty were further further con-CQOtii*ued until the first day of September one thousand seven tinued* hundred and fifty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also several clauses in the said faclause aft Wade in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, f^ii^ Geo. *. for explaining and amending the said acts, shall, except so much of ad act made in the twenty third year of die reign of his pre-fen^ Majesty, intituled, A>t act to continue several laws for pre-spreading of the disimper which now rages amongst the hbryea cattle$ and forimftowtring his Majesty to prohibit the killing iialvci, as related to the impowering justices of the peace.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 34. [1753.

to i Sept.753, continued.

at their respective general quarter-sessions of the peace, to li-cenfeany person residing within their respective counties, ridings or divisions to buy and fell cattle, be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first; day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And whereas by an act made in the seventeenth year of the ^ Geo. i.c^. reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction 5 it is % enacted, That all rogues, vagabonds and incorrigible rogues Jfent by pajfes from one county, ridings division, corporation or franchise y into any other county, riding, division, corporation or franchise y shall be delivered to the constable or other such officer of the prjl town, parish or place in the next county, ridings division^ corporation or franchtfey to be by him conveyed forward in such manner as by the said act is directed; and that the allowances to be made to the constables and other such officers for the conveying of such rogue s7 vagabonds and incorrigible roguesy shall be paid by the high or chief constables, and that such high or chief constables shall be allowed the same by the treasurer of the respective county, riding, liberty, iiviftony corporation or franchisey on his passing his accounts: and whereas it frequently happens that the high or chief constables have not a sum of money in their hands sufficient to answer the fail expences; be it therefore enabled Vagrant* pass- by the authority aforesaid, That all rogues, vagabonds and in-ed from one corrigible rogues font by pafles from one county, riding, division, corporation or franchise, into any other county, riding, division, corporation or franchise, shall be delivered to the constable or other such officer of the first town, parish or place in the next county, riding, division, corporation or franchise, and shall be by such constable or other such officer conveyed forward in the manner by the said act directed and prescribed, and not otherwise; and that it shall and may be lawful for thetrea- surer of each county, riding, division, corporation or franchise, an<* 'ies ^ere^y required to pay to such constable or other office treasurer cer the charges of conveying such rogues, vagabonds and in-of the county, corrigible rogues, upon such constable or other officer producing to him the certificate and such other vouchers as are required by the said act to be delivered to such high or chief constables; and the sums so paid shall be allowed by the justices of the peace to such treasurer in his accounts, on his producing the vouchers aforesaid, together with the receipt of the said constable; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the prison of the Marshalsea of the court of King's Bench is in its present condition unsafe for the custody, and dangerous to the health of the prisoners, which inconveniencies cannot he remedkdy unless the said prison be repaired or rebuilt: and whereas it will be necessary to have some proper and convenient place or places provided for the reception of the prisoners in the mean tirnty whereupon doubts my strife concerning the legality of the imprison-'*" ment

county to another, how to be, convey-cd.

and to be allowed in his accounts.

*753u] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 34. 123

ment offiahprifitters in such other place or places; therefore to pre-Marshal of the vent such doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority a- Jnay^ccure^e foresaid. That until the said prison shall be sufficiently repaired or prisoners in rebuilt, it shall and may be lawful to and for the marihal of the any place ap-Marshalsea of the said court of Kings Bench for the time being, proved by the to detain and keep the prisoners committed or to be committed to his custody, in such other proper and convenient place or repaired" places as shall from time to time be approved of for that pur- »4 Geo. *pose by the said court 5 any law or usage to the contrary not- c. 3. withstanding.

IV. And whereas within the city of Chester the usualand accustomed time of the annual meeting and assembly of the citizens of the said city, for the election of the mayor, sheriffs, treasurers, coroners and leavelookers of the same city, hath been on the Friday next after thefeajl day of Saint Dennis yearly: and whereas by an act of parliament made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An adfc for regulating the commencement of the year, and for corredfing the calendar now in use) it was amongst other things enacted, That all meetings and assemblies of any bodies politick or corporate, either for the election of any officers or members thereof or for any such officers entering upon the execution of their respective offices, or for any other purpose whatsoever, which by any law, Statute, charter, custom or usage within this kingdom were to be holden and kept on any fixed or certain day of any month,

Should from and after the second day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be holden or kept upon, or according to the same respective nominal days and times whereon or according to which the same were at the time of making the said act to be holden: and whereas by the said recited act it was further enacted, That the holding and keeping of all markets, fairs and marts, whether for the foie of goods or cattle, or for the hiring of servants, or for any other purpose, which are either fixed to certain nominal days of the month, or depending upon the beginning or any certain day of any month, and all courts incident or belonging to, or usually holden or kept with any suchfairs or marts fixed to such certain times as aforesaid, Should not, from the said second day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be continued upon or according to the nominal days of the month, or the time of the beginning of any month, to be computed according to the new calendar in the said recited act mentioned, but that from and after the said second day of September all such markets, fairs and marts as aforesaid, and all courts incident or belonging thereto, Should be holden or kept upon, or according to the same natural days, upon or according to which the same Should have been so kept or holden, in case the said recited act had not been made $ that is to say, eleven days later than the same would have happened, according to the nominal days of the said new supputation of time, by which the commencement of each month, and the nominal days thereof, are anticipated or brought forward, by the space of eleven days; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and whereas before the making'of the said recited act, one of the annual fairs within the said city,

The annual

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 35. [1753.

commonly called Michaelmas fair, was begun to be holden and kept yearly, on the twenty ninth day of September, and continued farfe-veral days afterwardI, and pursuant to the directions of the said recited act, the same fair will hereafter begin to be holden and kept in the tenth day of October yearly, which is the day next after the fea/l of Saint Dennis, by which means the Friday next after the said feast will always hereafter happen, during the time, of holding and keeping the said fair; and therefore it would be very inconvenient, to the citizens of the said city of Chester, if the annual meeting and assembly of the said citizens for the election of the may or*and, the aforesaid other annual officers of the said city, shouldcontinue; to beholden on the Friday next after the said feajt of Saint Dennis: for preventing whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annual meeting and assembly of the said citizens for

for the election of the mayor and other the aforesaid annual offi-eleaion of cers of the said city of Chester, shall not at any time hereafter be

mayor, &c. of __________

Friday next after 20 Oft. yearly.

the city of holden on the Friday next after the said feast of Sain^t Dennis* Chester, to be but the same, and all annual meetings and afferahUes for that held on the purpose, ' shall at all times hereafter be holden in the usual and accustomed manner on the Friday next after the twentieth day of October in every year, and not before; any thing in the said recited act of parliament, or any law, Statute, charter* cu(fom, or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden* and several freeholders and occupiers of lands within the said manor, and for explaining and amending three several acts of parliament of the sixth, fourteenth and seventeenth years of his present Majtft/s reign, for recovering and preserving the navigation of the said river Dee.

C Geo. i.c. 30.

WHEREAS by anact of parliament made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to recover ami preserve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chester, reciting that the sands, foil and ground, not being graft, commonly called The White Sands, from the city of Chester to the feu, and lying between the county of Chester on the north side* and the county of Flint on the south side, were of great breadth in enofi places; and that the find river not being navigablef was chiefly owing to the breadth of the said finds, and to the Jbifting of the chan-ml from one side thereof to the other, as the winds and tides varied* and that the said sand, foil and ground, commonly called The White Sands, were not, nor was likely to be of any advantage or benefit to any person whatsoever, unless the said river was bounded in and made navigable by sea walls, banks and fences, which would require a very great expence, as well to ereCl, as to maintain and repair from time U time, as otcasion Should require 3 but that yet nevertheless if the

753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 35.

said sands, foil or ground, commonly called The White Sands, recovered from the sea by sea walls, fowf; tf/xi fences as aforesaid, and the channel thereby confined to one certain course, it would not only effectually make the said river navigable, but that vesting the said White Sands in the undertakers, would be a considerable encouragement to the undertaking thereof: Nathaniel Kinderly in the said act named, his heirs and assigns, and such person or persons as he or they Should nominate and appoint, were appointed undertakers of the said navigation, and authorized and impowered at their own cofi and charges to make and keep the said river Dee navigable from the sea to a certain point within the liberties of the city of Chester, called Wilcox Pointy in such manner that thire Should besixteenfoot water in every part of the said river, at a moderate spring tide, for ships and vessels to come and go to and from the said city \ and as a recompense for the same, certain rates of tonnage were on the terms therein mention -td, granted by the said act to the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, assigns or nominees; and as a further recompense for the expence which the said undertakers Should be at in making the said river navigable, certain lands, marshes andfait grass, and other lands therein mentioned were, so soon as the said river Should be made navigable, vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, assigns or nominees for ever, to the use of the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, assigns, or nominees for ever, under the provisoes and conditions in the said acts mentioned: and whereas the said Nathaniel Kinderly, and his assigns or nominees, undertakers of the said navigation, began the said undertaking, and made a new channel for the said river Dee, through the adjacent sands and marshes near ten miles in length 5 and the said river was in the month of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven turned into the said new channel, and hath ever since continued to run through the same j and ever since that time, ships and vessels of considerable burthen have failed and navigated through the said new channel up to the said point called Wilcox Point, and the said undertakers did, before the twenty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty, finish the said undertaking in making the said river navigable, according to the intent and true meaning of the said recited act of the sixth year of his Majesty's reign: and 14 Geo. a whereas by one other act of parliament made in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; it was amongst other things enacted, That the several persons therein named proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferring tlx navigation of the said river Dee, and the representatives of such of the subscribers to the indenture or deeds poll therein mentioned as were dead, their several and respective fucajfors, heirs and assigns, Should be ej rested into one company for the purposes aforesaid, and be incorporated by 'the name of The company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and have power to do all such acts as the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, assigns or nominees might have done, or were impowered to do by virtue of the said act of the sixth year of h's present Majesty, and to take and receive oil such duties, tonnage dues

K 4 and

13$ Anno vicesimo foapGRp^LGU IL c. 35. [1753.

and payments whatsoever thefaij Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs»

assigns or nominees were impowered to do by the said act* and to an-bank, inclose, improve and apply Jo the use of the said fompauy9 the white sands, foil and groundy and other lands whatsoever by the said act vefiedin the said Nathaniel KLinderly, his heirs, assigns and nominees, upon the terms and conditions in the said oft mentioned* in the same manner as the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, assigns or nominees might have done, subject to the limitations, conditions and restrictions in the said act mentioned: and whereas tbi tonnage rates and duties appointed to be paid by the said act of parliament of the sixth year of his present Majesty* being by experience found to he too high, and to be a discouragement. to the trade of the said city of 17 Geo. Chester, by one other act of parliament made in the seventeenth year

c* x8# of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for explaining and

amending an act passed in the rtxth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to recover and preserve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chester, and another act paffid in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the said undertakers; and for granting to them other tonnage and keelage rates in lieu thereof \ and for other purposes therein mentioned $ the said tonnage rates payable to the said undertakers were repealed, and new rates granted and appointed to be paid to them in lieu thereof, and it was by the same act of the seven-'teenth year of his present Majesty's reign, further provided and entitled, Thai nothing the rein, or in the said act of the sixth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, or either of them contained, Should extend to be deemed, or construed to extend to hinder or refrain Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden in the county of Flint, his heirs or assigns, or any other of the proprietors of lands, grounds or salt marfoes within the said manor of Hawarden, or any other per fan or per fans having or being inti tied to right of common thereon, their heirs or assigns, from having, using or enjoying the lands, grounds or salt mar foes lying on either side of the banks and forelands of the said new channel made by the said undertakers, which were greenfword or grajfed over at the time of passing the said act of the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, and not vejltd in the said Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs or assigns or nominees, or in the said company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, by virtue of the aforesaid efts of the sixth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, or of that act, or from taking all the rents* issues and profits thereof, or from having and enjoying such right of common as aforesaid thereon, and all the rights, liberties and privileges, thereto belonging, according to his and their respective eft ate, right, title ovinUrefi therein, in such manner and with the like benefit and advantage, as he or they xould, might or ought to have had or done, in case that or the said before mentioned acts had never been made, so as such. enjoyments, rights, liberties and privileges did not infringe upon, or Mr rogate from the powers given to the said undertakers, for completing

and

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 35.

OtrdprefirVixg' Safe fisid navigation y and recovering from the sea the said White fekds by that a£J, or by the said act of the sixth year of bit profit# Majesty raHd whereas ftnce the making the said last-men-twnedad several doubts and differences have artfen between the said-company and sbcJaidSir John Gfynne, and several other of the proprietors of lands* and persons inutled to common in the salt marshes within the find manor ^Hfcwarde n, touching the extent of the lands9 grounds or, fakmhtfi>es tying on the north side of the said new channel wpdaby the said undertakers) which were greenfword or grassed over dt ob^timefp{^g the said act of the sixth year of his Majesty's reign fond notvefted in the said company, and several suits were in or about the year one tbbufand/'even hundred and forty seven commence tdf dfuhtre Ml depending between the said parties in relation there-Uio vmd' whereas* iri order to put an end to all disputes that have or dtybnpffi tidghP6rife> Between the said company and the said Sir John Gfysgi* tindf thp freeholders and other persons intit led to common vntbm the said fnanor) in relation to the premiJfes, and to any damn-gm wty&hdve been or may be occasioned to all or any part of the lands ery metrfhel 'Within the said manor on the south side of the said new chastnoh, ?by reafm of the said Works of navigation, articles of agree-menbbave been lately made and entered into % by and between the said Compaq of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserv-ingtht navigation of the river Dee, of the one party and the said A'r jobn Glynne of Hawarden in the county of Flint, baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden, and the several other persons wkofe hands and Teals art thereunto fitbfcribedy freeholders and occupiers of land*) within thefatd manor on behalfof themselves and all other personi having a right of cornmoning upon the wafie lands, commons and felt marjhes, within the said manor of the other party in the words or todhetffedfollowing; that is to say, articles of agreement, &c. and whereas the executing and effecting the said agreement, would be for the mutual benefit of the said company, and of all persons interested in, or intituled UHtOy the said lands y grounds, or salt marshes within the said manory or to the right of common therein, and the great ex-femes which would riecejfarily attend the further prosecution of the Juiis that have arifeny and are Jlill depending between the partiesy Wtll thereby be prevented; but such agreement cannot be rendered effectual40 answer the intention of the partie$y without the aid and authority of an act of parliament; may it therefore please your most excellent majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

The recited article* of agreement confirmed. Right of common to cease when the undertakers shall give notice of their intention of taking poflef-fictn of the waste lands on the north side of the new channel. Undertakers to pay sool per annum in consideration thereof, for the benefit of the lord and freeholders of Hawarden. The annual sums of aool and yA. charged on the lands.of the undertakers; and which may be distrained on for the same, &c. Undertakers to preserve the navigation of the river on the fouthi side. Expences of preparing the articles, and of patting this act, to be paid out of the annual sum of aool. No person to ride or drive cattle over the banks, but at the ferries on penalty of 5s. The articles of agreement to be lodged with the clerk of the peace at Chester, and kept amongst the records, and the notice of the undertakers for taking pgflession of the commons, $c. Undertakers impowered to make a

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii I!, c. 36. [1753.

call of sol. per cent, upon their capital, exclusive of the 81. toe. remaining to be called for.* Shares of toe defaulters to be stopt, and may be sold after three months. The money called in and paid, to be deemed a capital stock. Committee to lay before the company a Rate of the accounts yearly. Act to be expounded in the moH bent ft dal manner for the purposes aforesaid. Roads to be set out.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for ereSittg fevered publick buildings in the thy of Edinburgh, and to impower the trustees therein mentioned, to purchase lands for that purpose, and also for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and certain avenues leading the reunto.

WHEREAS the city of Edinburgh, the metropolis of the part of the united kingdom called Scotland, is by reason of & fttuation, and the steepness of the ascent, and by the narrow and confined avenues leading to the principal street thereof, rendered difficult of access, and the publick hath not hitherto been possessed of proper areas, eitherfor erecting buildings, or opening streets and pious ofresort, as well for the convenience as ornament of the fend city: and whereas at present Short is no convenient repository sufficient to contain the pubHdk archives, land rights, and other valuable securities, transmitted by the several clerks to the office under the care and keeping of the ford clerk register; and whereas many of the offsets of the several clerks of the supreme courts of judicatory, are scattered in different parts of the city, to the great interruption of business: and tho writings under their euflody are exposed to the danger of fire and other accidents \ and whereas there is no publick place or exchange for the resort of merchants or men of business, nor any town house, hall or borough room, for the annual convention of the boroughs of Scotland, nor council chamber for the magistrates, fit for the daily discharge of publick business, nor any hall for the clerks of his Maiejtfs signet, or convenient room for the library belonging to tho faculty of advocates 5 and whereas it will be advantageous not only to the city of Edinburgh, but to that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, and to the publick in general, that a more commodious place be provided for keeping the publick registers of that part of the united kingdom, and a hall built for the clerks to his Majestyssignet, and that offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the records of the great seal, the privy feat and signet, the clerks offejfumof justiciary and commission for plantation of kirks and valuation of teinds, as also offices for the accommodating the court of Exchequer, the general register of feiftns, hornings, and inhibitions, and for the clerks of the high court of admiralty, and commissaries of Edinburgh, be provided contiguous to the house commonly called the parliament house, where the courts of feffkn and Cx-ebequer do now fit; and also that a proper house be prepared for the advocates library, a large hall or borrow room for the use of the borrows of Scotland, and other publick meetings, with a council chamber for the use of the magistrates $ and that an exchange for the merchants and men of business he also provided near the center of tlse city, and convenient communications opened to the highfir eet there of, from

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 139

the north, south and wtjl: and whereat the mogijirates and council of the city of Edinburgh have purchased fever at decayed hcufes adjacent to the house commonly called the parliament house, where the courts of session and exchequer, do now fit, with a view of providing a proper repofitoryfor the publick records, and for the advocates library, and proper offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the great feaU privy seal andsignet, and clerks aforesaid, and they have also purchasedfevtral decayed houses in a publick place most proper for an exchange, and have also purchased several houses in order to make the passage t o the high street of the city % from the fields on the north and fouthy more commodious: and whereas several noblemen^ many of the members of the college of juflicty and other gentlemeny and also the most considerable of the incorporations of Edinburgh, sensible of the great benefit that would accrue to the publiciy by carrying on the said worksy and at the same time being fenfibUy that the city of Edinburgh is unable out of its proper funds to undertake and auomplish the same, have for carrying on the said designy under the direction herein after-menHonedy agreed to contribute certain sums of moneys and they and others may hereafter be induced to subscribe further sums of money for that purpofity but such intended improvements of the city cannot be carried into execution without the authority of parliament j your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the proyost, magistrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves and the community of the said city, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the most noble Archibald duke of ArgyUy the most Commission-noble James duke of AthoUy the most honourable John marquis ers names.*of Tweddaliy the right honourable James earl of Mortony the right honourable John earl of Hopetony the right honourable Charles Arefkiniy lord justice clerk; the honourable Andrew Flit-cher of Miltony one of the senators of the college of justice;

Sir Alexander Dick of Preston Field baronet, James Dewar of Fo- grio esquire, mailer John Forrefi of West Grangey the right honourable Robert Dundas % lord preiident of the court of session; the honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot of MintOy and the honourable Hugh Dalrympk of Drummore esquire, senators of the college of justice: the right honourable John Idley lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of Exchequer; the honourable John Maude esquire, one of the barons of his Majesty's Exchequer; William Alexander esquire, lord provoilof Edinburgh; and the lord pro* vest of Edinburgh for the time being \ the right honourable Wil-

Earn Grant of Preston Grange esquire, his Majesty's advocate for Scotland; the honourable Henry Home of Kaimes esquire, one of the senators of the college of justice; Robert Craigieoi Glen-dock esquire, advocate; George Drummond esquire, one of his Majesty's commissioners of excise; David Flint esquire, dean of Gild; and the dean of Gild of Edinburgh for the time being; mailer John Brown, mailer James Stewart, merchants in Edinburgh;

14O

Publick build ings to be Jde-ligned and erected.

Method of chusing of in the room of such as shall die or resign.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. G. $6. [1753.

bttrph; James Kerr of Boughtriggs esquire, matter William Keir9 deacon convener bf the trades of Edinburgh; and thedeacon convener of Edinburgh for the time being; matter Alexander Sharp, and matter Gavin Hamilton, merchants in Edinburgh; Robert Dundajsthe younger of Armjlountsquire, dean of the faculty of advocates; Alexander Bofwall of Auchinkik esquire, and Gilbert Elliot the younger of Minto tsquire, advocates; matter Alexander Mac Afrllan, deputy keeper of his Majesty's signet; matter Hugh Crawford, and matter John Mac Kenzie, clerks to the signet, and their successors, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed of fordesigning, ordering and causing to be erected, or otherwise provided, in convenient places within the said city, such buildings as they shall judge proper for the keeping and preserving of the publick records, which are under thecustody, care and keeping of the ford cleric register; and for a proper library-house to the faculty of advocates; a hall for the clerks to the signet; a town-house, a hall, or borrow-room, for the annual convention of the commissioners of the royal burrows of Scotland, and for the use of the city of Edinburgh, or other publick occasions; and a council chamber for the use of the magistrates 5 as also for building and providing offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the records of the great seal, the privy seal and signet, the cferka of session of judiciary and commission of tiends; as also bffi-ces for accommodating the court of Exchequer; and offices for the general register of feifins, homings and inhibitions, and for thfe clerks of the high court of admiralty and commissaries of Edik* burgh; and for erecting an exchange for merchants, and other people of business to resort to; and for making easy and Commodious access between the high street of the city and the Country, northward, southward and west ward, to the utmost extent or the present royalty of the said city.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' That in case of the death or resignation of any of the ten1'Commissioners herein after named, that is to say, Archibaldtluke of Argyle, James duke of Athole % John marquis of Tweddale, James earl of Morton, John earl of Hopeton, Charles Arejkine, Andrew Fletcher, Alexander Dick, James Dewer, or John Forrejl, such of the said ten of as shall survive or remain, or the major part of them, shall and may from time to time, at some publick meeting to be held for that purpose, cleft and nominate a commissioner to supply such vacancy; and in case of the death or resignation of the said Robert Dundas, Sir Gilbert Elliot, or Hugh Dalrymple, the senators of the college of justice shall and may in like manner ele<ft a commissioner in his (lead; and in case of the death or resignation of thV fard John Idle or John Maule, the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland shall and may in like manner elect a commissioner in his (lead 5 and in case of the death or resignation of the said Robert Dundas, Alexander Bofwall, or Gilbert Elliot, the" dean and faculty of advocates shall and may in like maitnet Cle&a

com*

*41

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c: $6.

commissioner in his (lead j and in case of the death or resignation of the said Alexander Mac Millan, Hugh Crawsurd, or John Mac Kenzie, the clerks of the signet shall and may in like manner elect a commissioner in his stead; and in case of the death or redgnation of the said William Alexander, William Grant, Hen-ry Homey Robert Craigie % George Drummond, David Flinty John Brown, James Stewart, James Kerr, William Keir, Alexander Sharpy or Gjx/ot Hamiltony the magistrates and council of the city of Edinburgh shall and may in like manner elect a commifli-oner ii> his (lead; and in case of the death or resignation of any of the persons so elected as aforesaid, that then and in every such case, such of the said ten persons as shall survive or remain the said senators of the college of justice, the said barons of exchequer, the said faculty of advocates, the said clerks of the fig-net, the said magistrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, shall respectively from time to time, as often as any such vacancy (pall happen, and in like manner, elect a commissioner in his place or (lead*

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Meeting of of aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, shall the commifli-meet together at the room called The laigh Council House in Edin-0Mt* bmrgby the third Monday in Juney which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and shall then and afterwards from time to time adjourn themselves to the same or any other place within the said city of Edinburgh, which the said commissioners, or any seven oy more of them,

shall.think proper or cqpvenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this act, or any of the powers therein contained, intQ execution*and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any meeting which shall be appointed to be held by the said Adjourned of a sufficient number of of toad atmcctingi. such meeting, then and in such case the major part of the of so met (though not a Quorum) shall by publick notice in any of the Edinburgh news papers, to be given at lead ten days before the next meeting, appoint the said of to meet at the place where the meeting of the said of was so appointed to be held, within fifteen days at fqrtbeft next after the day on which such last meeting of the said of, when there was no ^mrumy was appointed to be held y and the said of shall at all and every their meetings bear and pay their own charges and expences.

iy. And to the intent that an exchange may be erected nwrCommifRon the center of the city; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, erf may con-That the said of, or any seven or more of them, tract for land fl^all have full power and authority to agree with the owners and to huild w occupiers of such houses and grounds as lie on the north side 0fcxchanSc* thp high (Ireet, bounded by the entry to the tenement or land commonly called the Writer's Court on the west, the stone-land immediately below Allen's Clofiy commonly called Fair-holm's Lam( of the ea(l, the high (ireet of the said city on the south, and Jste commonly called the North Lochy on the north t-. 2 parts.

t4*

and for open* ing a more commodious access to the High Street of the city from the fields on the north;

and for opening convenient entries from the High Street to the South

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 36. [1753.

part*, being one hundred and fifty feet frdm east to west on the south boundary fronting the high street, comprehending the whole houses and ground northward from the said south boundary to the North Loch, and to purchase the same at such prices as shall be agreed on between the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the said owners and occupiers respectively; and being so purchased, with power to the said commissioners, to order the said houses to be pulled down, and an exchange to be erected in such form and manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them regularly convened, shall appoint and dirtdh

V. And for the more commodious access to the high street of the said city from the fields on the north, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of such houses and grounds 23 lie on the north side of the high street of the Hud city, bounded by the great tenement or land opposite to the Trone Church commonly called Adilns Square, and the lower flesh market on the west, the vessel or passage called Halkerfton's Wynd on the high street of the said city on the south, and the park or inclosure, commonly called lord ForgUn'i Pari, on the north parts including within the &id boundaries the range of houses commonly called Kincaifs Lands % the house or tenement commonly called Howiefs Land, the houses on the side of the North Locby belonging to the heirs of Charles Robertson, with some ruinous houses or stables on the west side of Ha&erston Wynd, belonging to the heirs of Robert Reid sadler in Edinburgh \ andmeasuring forty feet from east to west on the south boundary fronting the high street, and widening to the northward to about sixty feet, and to purchase the premisses at such prices as shall be agreed on between the said of, or any seven or more of them, and the said owners and occupiers respectively, and to ord$r the said houses so purchased to be pulled down, and the ground or area to be employed in such manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, for rendering the access to the said city and high street thereof from the north part* more easy and commodious.

VI. And for opening convenient entries from the high street to the south be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any seven or more of them, after agrees ing with the owners and occupiers in manner herein after mentioned, shall have full power and authority to cause a commodious passage to be made for coaches and wheel carriages from the high meet to the cowgate, not exceeding twenty feet in breadth, beginning under the building to beere&ed on thatarea where the house commonly called Elpbingpon's LandWt&y flood* near the cross, and comprehending within the said pastage, thle three buildings belonging to the heirs of George Marjtallihil the heirs of William Hunter; as also the houses or buildings in Betbwick's Close after mentioned $ videlicet, the middle and lower

tcnc-

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 36. 14J

tenements belonging to the heirs of the said Gwr* Marshatl* and several houses betwixt that tenement and the street of the cowgate, comprehending the house belonging to Alexander Hutton, the house some time belonging to the heirs of Corfon or Johnston^ and now to the said Alexander Hutton, the house belonging to Robert Bowie> and the house some time belonging to the heirs of the said Corfon or JohnJion, and now to John Rattery\ and for that purpose, if it shall be found necessary, to cause the gavel of the house, called Arthur Reid's Land, on the east of the said area, to be taken down and rebuilt; as also to open a street from the head of Peebles Wynd on the north, to the head of Haf-tie's Close on the south, not exceeding sixty feet in breadth from east to west; and that the said of, or any (even or, more of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of such houses or areas as fall within the limits of the said street and pastage, and to purchase the same at such prices as shall be agreed on betwixt the said of, or any seven or more of them, and the said owners and occupiers respectively, and to order the said houses so purchased to be pulled down, the areas to be cleared, and the said street and passage to belaid or paved in such manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint.

VII. And for the more commodious access to the high street an(j for a

of the said city from the west, be it enacted by the authority a- more conimo*

foresaid, That the said of, or any seven or more of dious icceft to

them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the own-hc

ers and occupiers of such houses and grounds asftretch from the tl* weftT*

house and (tabling at the foot of the west bow, known by the name of The Drovers Tryjle> in a straight line eastward, to the top of Htnderfon's Stairs, at the back of the parliament or session house, not exceeding one hundred feet in breadth, and then in

a straight line from the top of the said flairs to the high street,

at the head of Bess JVindy not exceeding forty feet in breadth,

and to purchase the premisses at such prices as shall be agreed on

between the said of, or any seven or more of them,

and the said owners and occupiers respectively, and to order the said houses so purchased to be pulled down, and the ground or

area to be employed in such manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them shall appoint, for rendering the access to the high street of the said city, from the west parts, more easy and commodious, and other wise improving the said city within the said boundaries.

VIII. And be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That it Mamstrates (hill and may be lawful to the maeistrates and council of the council of city of Edinburgh, and their successors, to give, grant, alien

and dispose to the said of, or any seven or moreofian^purchsf-. them, or to such person or persons as they shall nominate and ed by them appoint in their behalf, all or any such houses, lands or pre- for the pur-misles, purchased or which may be purchased by the said city, j^8 a*orc' or belonging to them, which may be proper or convenient for carrying on the aforesaid works.

144 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 35. [1753.

Commission-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* erimavagree the say of, or any seven or more of them,

prictorsofol kave full power and authority to agree with the owners

ther houses and occupiers of such other houses and grounds as they shall and grounds, find necessary for carrying on the said works, and to purchase the same at such prices as shall be agreed on between the said of and the said owners and occupiers respQ&ively, and to order the said houses so purchased to be pulled down, rebuilt or employed, for the purposes aforesaid.

X. And whereas it may happen that form person or persons, or bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or trustees, or others who are seised of or intitled to some houses or ground which may be necessary to be purchasedy pulled downy converted or disposed of, for the purposes of this act, may be willing to treat and agree to feu such houses or groundy in order to perfect so useful and necessary a tvoriy bat are incapable of granting and conveying the fame9 by rtafon of infancy or o- ther disability by tcillies or otherwise 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Poll- all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, trustees, tutors or thers Tm-° cura*ors for infants or minors, ideots or furious persons, or o-

powered to ther persons for whom they are trustees, and for all and every o-

fell to the ther person or persons whatsoever who are or shall be seised,

comini (lion- possessed of or interested in any house or houses, or grounds,

e*$* which the said of shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, whether by titles held in fee-simple or taillied,

to sell and convey to the said of, or any seven or

more of them, or their successors, or to such other person or persons as they shall appoint, all or any such houses and grounds, or any part thereof, for the purposes aforesaid; and that all contrails, agreements, sales or other conveyances that shall be fb made, shall be valid to all intents and purposes; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: and that all trustees, tutors or curators, corporations, proprietors or incumbrancers, sub-jelt to taillies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this all.

XI. Provided, That where houses, (hops or grounds. Under ?ndercntail entai^ are purchased for the purposes aforesaid, the price of the the price tobe premisses shall by authority of the court of session be laid out settled to the upon land, or other heretable security, and the rights and fe-fame use*. curities devised and taken to the same leries of heirs as are contained in the original title deeds of the subjects under entail, purchased for the uses aforesaid; and if it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, persons re- whether the city of Edinburgh, or others, or any persons, fusing to treat proprietors or occupiers of houses or grounds where the ex-withthecom- change is to be built, or the passages to the south, west and missioners, north opened, lying within the boundaries described as afbre-to^e'iStled respectively, shall rcfofe to treat and agree to fell the some by a jury. as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of.

753.] Anno vicesimo Georgii M. c. 36. 145

miflicroers/or srffV4even dr more ofttherti* and they are hereby impdfetted iflwe out a warrant or warrants, precept or pre-crepwi/t: drw^d m fhc 'fbertff depute of the county of Edinburgh, orlil^ftibstitute, tdmtnartding him, and he is hereby authorized and reqaired'toMirrprfne! and return a competent number of sub-/fantid aiut dKhitere(^d perfotls, not less than-twenty five, nor morelhUY thirty six; and out of such persons so to be summoned and rettmted, a jury of fifteen persons shall be chosen by the said commissioners/or any seven or more of them; which persons so to be fuftimoned and returned, are hereby required to cOmt and appear before the said of, or any* seven or mere of them, at such times and places as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be dtre&ed and appointed; and aH parties concerned shall and may have their lawful chal-lenges-agadnft any of the said jurymen: and the said commis- witnessesmav Goners, or any seven -or more of them, are hereby authorized, be summoned by warrant or warrants under their hands, from time to time, and examined as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every per-on<oath* son or persons whatsoever, who (half be thought proper or necessary to be examined as witnesses before them touching or concerting the premisses, and to fend their precept or precepts for all such person or persons, who are hereby required to produce such books, papers, deeds and writings, as the said of shall think necessary for their information in any thing retating to this act; and shall and may administer oaths for the better discovery of the truth of the inquiry by them to be made to any person or persons therein concerned, or to any other person or persons whatsoever 5 and shall and may likewise authorize the said jury to view the place or places, or matters j to in question, as they the said of, or any seven orthedamage more of them, shall think fit: and the said jury upon their and recom-oaths, to he administered by the said of, or any Pcn^c on seven or more of them, which oaths, as also the oaths to such oath*person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, or to be examined before the of, or any seven or more of them, they are hereby impowered and required to administer,

shall esquire of and assess such damage and recompence as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the owners and occupiers, or any of them, of any such houses or ground, or any part thereof, for their refoeltive estates and interests in the same, as by the said of or any seven or more oF them, shall be judged fit so be pulled down or converted to the purposes aforesaid y and the said of or any seven or more of them afljttnbled together, shall and may give judgment for such sum or (btrts bf money so to be assessed by such jury or juries respectively; which said verdict or verdrdis, and the judgment, de-nd commis-cree or1 determination thereupon declared and pronounced by the'fifid of, or any seven or more of them a Ambled togettibr, and the value or recompence so to be assessed and de-'dared, (notice In writing -being first given of their meeting at leafs twenty days beforv, declaring the time and place of their Yd!. XXI. L meeting.

146 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 36. r1753.

meetings to any person concerned, or being left at the dwelling-house of such person concerned, or at his or their usual place of abode, or with some tenant or occupier ^)f the lands, grounds or tenements, to be pulled down, converted or affected by this act, in case such party cannot otherwise be found out to be serv-which shall be ej with such notice) shall be binding and conclusive to all in-binding s tents and purposes whatsoever against all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, having or claiming any right, title, trull or interest in, to or out of the said house, grounds, tenements, and premisses, to be affected by this act, either in fee or life relit, or expediency, as well infants, minors, ideots or furious persons, proprietors by tailly, life-renters, lef-fees or tenants, his, her and their heirs, successors, executors and administrators; and the said verdicts, judgments, orders, the same to sentences and decrees, and the other proceedings of the said and VgneTby of so to be made, given and pronounced as afone-the commis- said, shall be fairly written on a paper or parchment by the (loners j - of clerk, and signed by any seven or more of the of present at the making and pronouncing the same, and shall be recorded in the town court books of Edinburgh; and the same, or extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual evidence and proof in any court of law or equity whatsoever.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the may be fined ^ai<^ of, or any seven or more of them acting in the for neglect of premisses, shall have power to impose any reasonable fine or duty. fines, not exceeding five pounds lawful money of Great Britain,

on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, and shall not appear, and who shall refuse to be so sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty in the premisses, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and likewise upon such person or persons summoned as aforesaid to give evidence, and who shall neglect or refuse to appear to give evidence accordingly at such time or times, place or places, as shall be limited or appointed for that purpose as aforesaid, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn, give evidence, or be examined by or before the said of, oc any seven or more of them; and also on such person or persons summoned as aforesaid to produce books, papers, deeds and writings, before the said of, or any seven or more of them, for their information in any thing relating to this act, who shall neglect or refuse to appear before the said of, or appearing, 'shall refuse to be sworn or produce such books, papers, deeds or writings as aforesaid; and which respective fines to be imposed as aforesaid, shall be levied in a summary way, by diligence issued from the court of session, in the same way that is competent upon decrees of that court; and when levied, shall be paid in to the cashier Application of the bank of Scotland, or the royal bank of Scotkmd, and shall be of the fine*, applied by the said of, or any seven or more of them,

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 147

to the purpose of this act, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That upon pay-^ment of such sum orfums of money so to be awarded or ad- mentor^n-judged to the party or parties concerned, or legal tenders there- der of the of made to him, her or them respectively, at his, her or their sum awarded, dwelling house, in case such party or parties can be met with, and on refusal of the same, or if he, she or they have no such dwelling-house in Edinburgh, then upon payment thereof into the bank of Scotland, or into the royal bank of Scotland, for the use of the party or parties interested as aforesaid, and to be issued to him, her or them, by order of the said of, or any seven or more of them, and notice of such payment left in writing at the dwelling-house of some tenant and occupier of the premisses, it shall then, and not before, or otherwise, be lawful to and for the said of and their successors, and enter^pull to and for their agents and workmen, to remove, pull down, down the F order, convert and dispose of such houses, tenements, buildings, houses, &c. ground and premisses, for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them,

shall fee fit and expedient; and the said of shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the possession of the premisses so to be ordered, converted and disposed of, by virtue prev; ou$ n0# and under the authority of this present act; provided that pre- tice to be vious notice shall be given to the tenants and occupiers of such given to tb© houses so to be pulled down, three calendar months at lead be- occupiers, fore the term of Whitsunday, at which the said tenants or occupiers are to be removed, by affixing a schedule to that effelt upon the most patent door of such house or houses, or delivering the same to the principal tenant or occupier of the same; which schedule shall be ordered and appointed, and so delivered and Difpiites be-affixed by order of the said of, or any seven or more tween the of them, and an advertisement thereof shall be inserted in any claimants of the Edinburgh news papers; and in case any dispute shall a- h* rife between the parties claiming, or intitled to different intered 'u c in the houses, grounds, tenements and hereditaments, necessary to be purchased, pulled down, converted or disposed of, for the purposes of this act, or in case the title to the same premisses shall not appear sufficient and effectual to the satisfaction of the said of, or any seven or more of them, then and in such case after such damage and recompence assessed or awarded by the verdict of a jury, and such decree, judgment and determination of the of thereupon as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any seven or more of them, to pay or direct the money so to be awarded or adjudged for the purchase of the premisses into either of the aforesaid banks, or otherwise, at the request of the person or persons who shall then be in possession of the same, or into the hands of the magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, and their treasurer for the time being, in the terms, and upon the conditions mentioned in an act of the parliament of Scotland;

JL 2 made

148

Ad in the year 1695.

The money to be paid with interest.

After payment, commissioners may enter, &c.

Commissioners to have the administration of the money fufo-scribed, and to call for the same.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 36. [1753.

made in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, intituled, Act relating to fate and payment of bankrupts estates, but*with interest as hereafter mentioned 5 there to remain until the matters in dispute between the parties interested shall be settled and adjusted, or the title of the premisses cleared up or made out to the satisfaction of the said of, or any seven or more of them; and after the same shall be so settled, adjusted, and made up, the money consigned as aforesaid, shall be paid by the city of Edinburgh or its treafuTer, with interest thereof, at the rate of one per centum below the legal interect, or by the said bank, or their cashier, to the order of the said of, or any seven or more of them; and after such payment into either of the said banks, or consignation thereof as aforesaid, it shall then, and not before, or otherways, be lawful for and to the said of and their successors, or any seven or more of them, and for and to their agents and workmen, to remove, pull down, order, convert, and dispose of such houses, tenements, buildings, and premisses, pursuant to and by the authority of, and for the purposes of this act; and the said of shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the possession thereof, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or e-qui'ty, for the money so deposited or applied as aforesaid, any otherways than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this act; and if there shall be no challenge for five years, from and after the consignation of such price, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, to issue their warrant in writing for payment of such price and interect, as shall be due thereon, to the person or persons who were in possession as proprietor or proprietors of such house or houses, at the time the same were pulled down.

XIV. And be it declared and enacted by th£ authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall have the foie administration of the money contributed and subscribed for, or that may be contributed or subscribed for, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to call for the same from the subscribers at such time, and by such moieties, as they shall judge proper, with power to them, or any seven or more of them, to employ the same in making purchases for the purposes aforesaid, and to take the rights and conveyances of the purchases so to be made to the said of and their successors in office, or to such person or persons, bodies corporate or collegiate, as the said of, or any seven or more of them shall direct, for carrying the purposes of this act into execution, after deduding the reasonable charges expended, or to be expended in or about, or by reason of pauing this act, and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and no other-ways.

XV. And whereas divers houses, or other hereditaments, lying and fttuated within the limits and boundaries above described, or same of them, have been, and are insured with and by the corporation called and known by the name of The Edinburgh Friendly Insurance against

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c.

gainst Lodes by Fire; and the premiums of insurance. for some of them are or may be paid, as the premiums for others of them are, at the time of the demolition thereof in consequence of this present eft, may be owing, and the bonds for such premiums are made a g Geo^real burden on the premisses injured*, by virtue of a clause in an 1 eo, ltC tlt oH of parliament passed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, an an to explain the afis of the third and ninth years of his late Majesty's reign for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots on every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, in relation to the paytnent of petty port customs, and for the more effectual securing the payment of such moneys as hath been or shall be contributed towards a charitable fund for re- D.lief of such as shall fujfer by fire in the said city, and the suburbs and ordutTfor^1 liberties thereof: now for the preventing all disputes and insurance of questions touching the said premiums, or touching the applica- houses, which tien and explanation of some of the articles of the said friendly J*11 be insurance, upon the demolition of any such insured premisses; tan

be it enacted, That in all cases where the premium for infur- s ance of any house, or other subject insured with the said corporation, and which shall be pulled down in consequence of the powers and authorities hereby given, shall have been paid before such demolition, the said premium shall, notwithstanding of such demolition, remain with the said corporation; and no action shall lie in law or equity for repetition thereof, or of any interest arising thereon; and that in all cases where such premium shall be owing at the time of such demolition, the same, and all the interest due thereupon for the time, (halt be payable and shall be paid out of the first and readied of the price assessed or payable for such house, or other hereditament, immediately after the same is settled, before dcmolirtiing the hereditament insured, and notwithstanding of any dispute which may arift concerning the title thereunto, or the payment or distribution of the remainder of the said price.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if the If person person intitled to any policy of.insurance by the said corporation, '^Vic fh^l^ for any such demolished house or other hereditament, shall choose to in-choose tp insure with the said corporation any house or other he- sure any o-reditament, whether rebuilt on the same foundation with the ther house, one demoliftied, or built elsewhere, then and in such case, the said corporation shall be obliged to allow the premium paid or the premium, to be paid as aforesaid, for the demolished house or other hereditament, as and for the premium in terms of their articles of copartner, of the like value, to be insured on such new or other hou(e, or other hereditament; and that the proportional interest in the flock of the said corporation and profits thereof, which was annexed to and would have gone along with the demolished house, or other hereditament, shall be annexed to and go along with the house, or other hereditament, so to be anew insured; any thing to the contrary in the articles of the said corporation notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflian-Jhat it shall ancj may be lawful to and for the said commis-

&3

sioners, building*

and such

S'ound as all not be necessary to

and may assign in what manner the houses shall be erected, and the

150 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36. f 1753.

*ieaed by sioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required to lett, fell, and dispose of the buildings, to be by them erected at the intended Exchange, or elsewhere, (other than those that are to be relit-free as afore-mentioned) and they are hereby impowered to lett, fell, and dispose of the same to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the same, in whole or in part, and to apply the price or rents arising from the premisses to the purposes of this a#, and not otherwise.

XVIII. And whereas by means of the purchases which the of are hereby impowered to make by virtue of this act, they may be possessed of same piece or parcel of ground, over and above what may be necessary for the opening and widening ef ways, streets, and passages to and from the high streets and other purposes of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to cad for the said of, or any be taken into seven or more of them, to lett, fell, or dispose of such piece or the streets j pieces of ground, either together, or in pareels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the same; and to design, assign, and lay out, in what manner the pew houses or stru#ures to be built thereon shall be ere#ed, and of what breadth and extent the streets and passages shall be, breadth of the an<* to^anc* dispose of the materials of such house or houses, greets. as the said of shall purchase and cause to be pulled.down as aforesaid. of PthemonL

XIX. Provided always, That the monies arising by the sale arising by sale, or letting of such ground, and felling the materials of the houses See. of such to be purchased and pulled down, shall be employed towards

ground, or of the purposes of this a#, and to no other use, intent, or purpose the materials, wha^ver.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies to be called for by the said of, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, from the subscribers and contributors, and all other sums of money arising by sale or o-therways, in consequence of this a#, shall be paid into the bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland, to be issued out by order of the said of, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, for the uses and purposes of this present a#.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this a# contained, shall extend to abridge or prejudice the power of the lord clerk register in the custody of the records committed to his care.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, erected for the That buildings to be fere#ed for the keeping the records, publick of- under the custody of the lord register, and for the advocates li-£ce« to be the brary, and hall to the clerks to the signet, the town-house or property of room for the meeting of the convention of royal borrows and the city. council chamber, shall be the property of the city of Edinburgh;

nevertheless subje# to the uses for which the same shall be e-re#ed, and relit free; provided^ that the magistrates and town council of the city of Edinburgh, and their successors in office, shall be and , afe hereby obliget) to uphold in good and sufficient

repair,

Contributions, and other monies, to be paid into the bank.

£ord clerk register not to be prejudiced.

i5l

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 36.

repair, the said buildings to be erected for the purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. And that no delay may be occasioned by the said Commission-commissioners or their quorum not meeting, or omitting to make a regular adjournment; be it further enacted by the u- in the year; 'thority aforesaid, That the said of shall and may, and they are hereby required and directed to meet at least four times in every year; videlicet, on the third Mondays of the months of June and July, November and February, with power to adjourn themselves, from time to time, as they shall fee cause.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the r.first That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission- mceUns' ers, or any seven or more of them, at their first meeting, which shall be on the third Monday in June^the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nfty three, or at any after meeting in virtue of the powers of adjournment in this act contained, to determine and choose which of the purposes aforesaid.of car shall be first begun and carried into execution, and with power ^ngr0° the* to them and their successors in virtue of this act, from time to purposes of time, to regulate the order of carrying on the several purposes this act to be mentioned in this act; or such of these purposes as they shall kttlc<1* find themselves in condition to undertake, during the continuance of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-

That it shall and may be lawful for the said of and anJntry^f their successors, and they are hereby authorized and required their proceed-to keep a record of their proceedings, and to cause a distinct ings and of entry to be made of the whole sums that are or may be contri- the ium con-buted towards the purposes of this act; and to nominate a clerk clerk and and book keeper for that purpose, and allow them for their book-keeper*trouble and expence a yearly salary, to be proportioned as the to be chosen, said of shall judge proper, not exceeding twenty five and a Mary to pounds, lawful money of Great Britain, for the allowance to 3^50 be both, for themselves and servants employed in writing; and the balanced be-(aid of are hereby required before the expiration of fore theexpi-this act, to cause their books to beballaneed; and in case there ration of this shall be any sum or sums of money, buildings, houses, grounds, &c.

or other effects undisposed of, then and in that case the said to be laid out of are hereby authorized and required to appoint in further im-the purposes to which the same shall be applied for the further provenience, improvements of the said city, or any other purpose in or about &c*

the city, they shall think fit; and to make over the said excre-fcence and premisses remaining with them, if any then be, to the magistrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, for the life of the community; and the said magistrates and council, and their successors in office, are hereby appointed and required to employ and dispose of the premifics and sums so conveyed to them by the of, in the precise manner, and according to the order that the same shall be appointed by the said com-ipiffiooers, or any seven or more of them, to be expressed in

---

152 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 37. - 44. [1753.

writing under their hands, which shall be put upon record in the books of council and session, or town court books of Edinburgh, and be deemed, held, and taken by the said magistrates and council, as the rule of their procedure.

[Publick act.]

XXVI. And it is hereby declared, That this act is a publick act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, without specially pleading the same.

[Continuance of this act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force until the third Monday in June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, so far as relates to the purchasing of houses, buildings, and grounds, and no longer; but that this act, as to all other the powers and matters therein contained, shall continue and be in force, until the third Monday in June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlesowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castlesowerby Pastures aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck in the said county.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

CAP. XL.

An act for repairing the roads from the city of Carlisle to the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

CAP. XLI.

An act for continuing and making more effectual three acts of parliament, passed in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford; and also for repairing the road from the sign of the White Horse to the sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Seend Street, in the county of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the parish of Box, in the said county.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for enlarging the church-yard of the parish of Paddington in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 45.-54. 153

for sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the town of Dysart, and liberties thereof, and all places adjacent, lying within three hundred yards of the boundaries of the said liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving the harbour of the said town.

CAP. XLV.

An act for building a new church within the town of Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing the road from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the market house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop and Warwick respectively.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said county.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle, in the county of Cumberland, to the market and sea port town of Workington in the said county.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the county of Worcester, to the Hundred House; and from thence to Monkbridge, in the road to the town of Tenbury; and from the said Hundred House, to the said town of Tenbury in the said county.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basing-stone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surry, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county; and from thence through Bentley, Holybourn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LII.

An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the town of Kirby in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said county of Westmorland.

CAP. LIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual three acts of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the third and twenty second years of the reign of the present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from the School House in Didsbury, to the bridge in Wimslow, in the county of Chester; and for erecting a bridge over the river Mersey.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurst, in the county of Sussex, to the town and port of Hastings in the said county.

154 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 55. - 65. [1753.

CAP. LV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LVI.

An act for continuing and giving farther powers to the trustees for putting in execution two acts of parliament for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the said acts mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An act for raising a sum of money by a county rate, for purchasing a proper prison for debtors in the county of Devon.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for building a chapel on the common, in the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, and for vesting power in certain trustees for the regulation thereof.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of the town of Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

CAP. LXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Ealand, to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Henshalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green through the town of Nether Knutford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the county of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane,near Northwitch, in the said county of Chester.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place in the town of Salford, to the towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the town of Wigan and to the Stocks in the township of Duxbury, and to a place called the Broad Oak, in Worseley, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Arlington, and Pool, to Otley, in the west riding of the County of York.

CAP. LXV.

An act enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 66. — 75. 155

King George the First, and the other passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road from Prescot, through Whiston, Rain-hill, Bold and Sankey, to the town of Warrington, and also the road from Saint Helen to Ashton in the said county palatine.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from the West corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the city of New Sarum, to the parishes of Landford and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the east end of Brough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland, by the end of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the said county.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending, widening and repairing the road leading from Dover to Barham Downs in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Halfway House, in the parish of Lower Compton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard to the east end of the town of Axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads, round the said town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field in the parish of Burford in the county of Oxford, through the several parishes within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Preston in the county of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament for repairing the roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the county of Suffolk, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codenham Beacon, in the said county.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament, one passed in the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunchurch, to the bottom of Mereden Hill, in the county of Warwick, and for repairing the road from the bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said county.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton, to the south wall of the church-yard of the town of Thirsk, and from, the south east end of the street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold, in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

156 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. C. 76. — 86. [1753.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Piper's Inn, in the parish of Ashcott, in the county of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury and Wells, to the direction or white post, in the great western road to the city of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the city of Bristol.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to explain and make more effectual an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, For repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the county of York.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to widen and repair the road from the guide post near the end of Drayton Lane near Banbury in the county of Oxford, to the house called the Sun Rising at the top of Edge Hill in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town and parish of Preston Pans in the shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and other roads in the said acts mentioned in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for repairing the roads from Livingstoun, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town of Berwick.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the south West corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, and more effectually to repair the roads from Leeds to Halifax, and Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, and for building a bridge over the river Wharf at Poole in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorne, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill, to the town of Northwich in the county palatine of Chester.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing the road from Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing, amending and widening the road from Keighley in

1753.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 87. - 95. 157

the west riding in the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal in the county of Westmorland.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the stones end near Shoreditch church, to the centre of the bridge in Old-Street road, and through Old-Street in the parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the west end of the said street, next the pavement in Goswell-Street.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing the road leading from Oundle in the county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston in the county of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the said county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane End, next the parish of Great Gidding in the said county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, two acts of parliament, the one passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees in the county of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winstone, to Bernard Castle in the said county; and the other passed in the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by the said first mentioned act, and for the effectual amending of the said road.

CAP. XC.

An act for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing the road from North Queen's Ferry, through the towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the town of Perth; and also the road from the hsaid Queen's Ferry, to the towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn and Culross; and also the road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie.

CAP. XCII.

An act for repairing, attending, and widening the several roads leading from the Red Post in the parish of Fivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads in the county of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleton through Carlops, until all the said roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to enable the owners of houses and lands in the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, and the inhabitants thereof, to repair the church and steeple belonging to the said parish.

CAP. XCV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

158 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. C. i.

[1754.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town of Paisley, and liberties thereof in the county of Renfrew, for improving the navigation of the river Cart, and for other purposes.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Westminster, and for cleansing the streets, and repairing the highways within the said parish.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act more effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for enlightening the streets, passages and open places within the city of Chichester, and several places adjoining thereto, and the close within the said city.

CAP. C.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of East Greenwich in the county of Kent, and for repairing the highways, and cleaning the streets thereof.

CAP. CI.

An act to enable James Mallors to open a street from the west side of King's Street in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the back part of the houses, gardens and yards, on the west side of Delahaye Street in the same parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

