THE

Statutes at Large

﻿FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul's churchyard, G. G. J. & J. Robinson, in Paternoster Row, and D. Ogilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1794.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. Regis:

Being the THIRD Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIX. Part I.

[Advert removed.]

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo tertio

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Third Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. TO prohibit the circulation of promissory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, for the payment of any sum or sums of money, or for any other consideration, created and issued under or in the name of any publick authority in France.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty to restrain the exportation of naval stores; and more effectually to prevent the exportation of salt petre, arms, and ammunition, when prohibited by proclamation or order in council.

Cap. 3. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of council respecting the exportation of wheat and wheat flour, for preventing suits in consequence of the same, and for making further provisions relative thereto; and also for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and potatoes; and to permit the importation of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties.

Cap. 4. For establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 5. For the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 7. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 8. To provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 9. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 10. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 11. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 13. To prevent acts of parliament from taking effect from a time prior to the passing thereof.

Cap. 14. To enable the royal exchange assurance companies, and their successors, to grant, purchase, and sell annuities upon or for lives.

Cap. 15. To enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the bank of England.

Cap. 16. For effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the town of Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the county of Surrey, and to the south-east side of the turnpike road, in the parish of Turgiss, in the said county of Southampton.

Cap. 17. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 18. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making provision for adjutants who have served a certain time in the militia.

Cap. 20. For effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 21. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said canal from a place called Clayton Demesne, in the township of Droylsden, in the parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a place in the turnpike road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the house known by the sign of The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a place called Taylor's Barn, in the township of Reddish, to Denton, at a place called Beat Bank, adjoining the turnpike toad leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne; and also from the intended aqueduct bridge, at or near a place called Water-houses, in the parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the township of Oldham aforesaid.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 23. For altering the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for other purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the quality of table beer brewed by common brewers.

Cap. 24. For separating the chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the parish of Croston, in the county of Lancaster, and for making them two distinct parish churches.

Cap. 25. For paving the footpaths, within the borough of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said borough.

Cap. 26. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels, during the present war.

Cap. 27, More effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to, his Majesty's enemies.

Cap. 28. For raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, to be charged on the consolidated fund; and for making perpetual certain duties of excise on British spirits, and certain duties on the amount of affected taxes.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills, to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For the better preventing forgeries and frauds in the transfers of the several funds transferable at the bank of England.

Cap. 31. To enable the common council of the town of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the corporation of the said town, to issue negociable notes for a limited time, and to a limited amount.

Cap. 32. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the governor and company of the bank of England shall not be subject to any penalties, by reason of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing money for the payment of bills of exchange accepted by, or by the direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and made payable at the bank of England.

Cap. 33. For repealing part of an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for preventing frauds in the duties upon salt, and for the better payment of debentures at the custom house, which may relate to the refining and making of salt at certain works intended to be erected at Garston, in the county palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present salt works at Liverpool.

Cap. 34. For the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 35. To explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 36. To establish certain regulations respecting officers serving in several corps of fencible men, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

Cap. 37. To amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, with respect to the time within which certain prosecutions directed by the said act are to be brought.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from a place called The Saltisford, in the parish of Saint Mary, in the borough of Warwick, unto or near to the parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable canal in or near to the town of Birmingham, called the Digbeth branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations.

Cap. 39. For the more easy raising money upon the hundred of Hemlingford, in the county of Warwick, for paying the damages and costs incurred on account of the late riots within the said hundred, than is authorised to be done by the laws now in being.

Cap. 40. To continue several laws, relating to the landing rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to law; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer; and to revive and continue an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 41. To enable Robert Claxton of Bristol, merchant, to take the oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for the further encrease and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

Cap. 42. For incorporating the company of free fishers and dredgers of Whitstable, in the county of Kent, and for the better ordering and government of the fishery.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the powers of and rendering more effectual an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Paddington in the county of Middlesex, and for enlarging the church yard of the said parish.

Cap. 44. For requiring a certain form of oath of abjuration, and declaration, from his Majesty's subjects, professing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Cap. 45. For taking down and rebuilding the tower of the parish church of Hanbury, in the county of Worcester, and for repairing the said church, and rendering the same more commodious for the parishioners.

Cap. 46. For vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited estates in Ireland, subject to the disposition of the parliament of Ireland.

Cap. 47. For placing the stock called East India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, owing by the publick to the East India company; and for enabling the said company to raise a sum of money, by a further increase of their capital stock, to be applied in discharge of certain debts of the said company.

Cap. 48. To allow the drawback of the duties of customs and excise upon wines consumed by admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers, on board ships of war in actual service, and to allow such ships to be supplied with tobacco, duty-free.

Cap. 49. For further continuing and amending an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 50. To amend an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in foreign ships, into and from certain ports and places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the importation of sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and so much of two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty's reign, as prohibits the importation of timber into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any foreign colony or plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, as prohibits the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from any country belonging to the united states of America.

Cap. 51. For rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 52. For continuing in the East India company, for a further term, the possession of the British territories in India together with the exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenges and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

Cap. 53. To continue and amend an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 54. For the encouragement and relief of friendly societies.

Cap. 55. To authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon constables, overseers, and other peace or parish officers, for neglect of duty, and on masters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices; and also to make provision for the execution of warrants of distress granted by magistrates.

Cap. 56. To amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars, exported in any other than British ships.

Cap. 57. For the better regulation of warehoused tobacco, and for permitting certain tobacco of the Spanish dominions to be admitted to entry on the payment of the British plantation duty.

Cap. 58. To allow to ships carrying on the southern whale fishery to the north of the equator, the same premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pass the equator.

Cap. 59. To continue certain duties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time; and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. To enable the postmaster general to send the mail to the dominions of his catholick majesty, on board of any vessels authorised by his catholick majesty to carry the same.

Cap. 61. For the regulation of distillers in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 63. To permit goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

Cap. 64. To explain and amend an act passed in the seventh and eighth years, of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members, so far as relates to the publication of notices of the time and place of election.

Cap. 65. To amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported.

Cap. 66. For the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 67. For better preventing offences in obstructing, defraying, or damaging ships or other vessels, and in obstructing seamen, keelmen, casters, and ship carpenters, from pursuing their lawful occupations.

Cap. 68. For remedying inconveniencies attending certain proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales, and for the county palatine of Chester, in the court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lancaster, in the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, and in the county courts in Wales.

Cap. 69. For repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders brought or carried coastwise into Scotland; and for granting other duties on licences to sell certain distilled spirituous liquors, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 70. For repealing the duties and drawbacks on figs, and for granting and allowing other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a duty on the importation, and allowing a drawback on the exportation, of virginal wire of copper; for impowering the commissioners of the customs to authorise their officers to make allowance for damages received by goods during the voyage; and for authoring the commissioners of the customs and excise to sell vessels, liable to be broken up, to private persons, to be used as privateers.

Cap. 71. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

Cap. 72. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 73. To continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 74. For rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 75. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

Cap. 76. For establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

Cap. 77. For further settling and securing a certain annuity on the heirs male of the body of the late lord Rodney, to whom the barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 78. To enable his royal highness George prince of Wales, to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his said royal highness's duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. Requiring and authorising Charles Gilbert esquire, treasurer of the eastern division, and the reverend Francis Tutte, the legal representative of Randolph Tutte deceased, late treasurer of the western division of the county of Sussex, to pay certain sums of money received by them the said treasurers, or either of them, on account of the not raising the militia of the said county, into the publick stocks of the said divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 80. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Oxford canal navigation, at Braunston, in the county of Northampton, to join the river Thames at or near Brentford, in the county of Middlesex, and also certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

Cap. 81. To amend an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in smelting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines, within the isle of Anglesey.

Cap. 82. To explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the passages therein, or leading thereto, in the parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the county of Middlesex, within the liberty of his Majesty's tower of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. For the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and places, within the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments within the same.

Cap. 84. To repeal so much of an act, made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Bailey, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the west riding of the county of York, and for granting other powers for those purposes.

Cap. 85. For supplying the towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the parts adjacent in the county of Devon, with water.

Cap. 86. For amending and enlarging the powers of two acts, one made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the church yard or cemetery of the parish church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 88. For paving and repairing certain streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, in the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving and regulating such parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street, as are in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 89. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, and publick places, within such part of the parish of Walcot, in the county of Somerset, as is not within the circuit, precinct, and jurisdiction of the city of Bath, in the same county; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective police therein; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, basket men, and basket women, within the said city of Bath, and a certain distance thereof.

Cap. 90. For making a new street from Saint George's Road in the parish of Christchurch in the county of Surrey, through Holland's League, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said parish; and for discontinuing as a publick highway part of a street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said parish.

Cap. 91. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

Cap. 92. For paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 93. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between the town of Chelmsford, or some part of the parish of Springfield, in the county of Essex, and a place called Collier's Reach, in or near the river Blackwater, in the said county.

Cap. 94. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a collateral cut horn the said intended canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the town of Bingham, both in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 95. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Glamorganshire canal, to or near the village of Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan; and for making and maintaining a rail-way or stone road from thence to or near Abernant, in the parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said county.

Cap. 96. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire canal, near the town of Pontypool, in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining rail-ways and stone roads from such canal to several iron works and mines in the counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

Cap. 97. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at or near the city of Gloucester, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in the parish of Berkeley; and also a cut to or near the town of Berkeley, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 98. For making and maintaining a navigation from the town of Leicester to communicate with the river Nen, in or near the town of Northampton, and also a certain collateral cut from the said navigation.

Cap. 99. For making and maintaining a navigable communication from the junction of the river Foss with the river Ouse, at or near the city of York, to Stillington Mill, in the parish of Stillington, in the north riding of the county of York; and for draining and improving certain low lands lying on each side of the said river Foss.

Cap. 100. To explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for erecting piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Sussex; and for impowering the commissioners acting under the said act to improve the navigation of the river Arun, from the said harbour to the town of Arundel, in the said county.

Cap. 101. For amending and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down and re-building the parish church of All Saints within the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church-yard for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 102. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a cut out of the said canal in or near the said borough, to join the Erewash canal near Sandiacre, and for making rail-ways from such canal to several collieries in the parishes or liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the county of Derby.

Cap. 103. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Melton Mowbray navigation, in the county of Leicester, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

Cap. 104. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the shire of Argyll.

Cap. 105. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from a place called Hammerside Hill in the parish of Ulverstone, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to a place called Weint End, near the town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

Cap. 106. For building a bridge over the river Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the east riding of the county of York, and making proper approaches thereto.

Cap. 107. To alter and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, an act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a navigable branch from the said canal, at or near Galgate, to Glosson Dock, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 108. For draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the moor lands in the townships of Redness and Swinefleet, in the parish of Whitgift, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 109. For draining, preserving, and improving certain lands, lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 110. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Calder, in the township of Warmfeild cum Heath, to or near the town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the township of Cawthorne, in the west riding of the county of York; and certain railways, and other roads to communicate therewith.

Cap. 111. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the collieries at Shipley and Westhallam, in the county of Derby, to the Erewash canal, in the parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said county.

Cap. 112. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Worcester and Birmingham canal navigation, in the parish of King's Norton, into the borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

Cap. 113. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the north end of the Shropshire canal, in the township of Rockwardine Wood, in the county of Salop, to the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county.

Cap. 114. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Ancholme, in the parish of South Kelsey, in the county of Lincoln, in the parish of Caistor, in the said county.

Cap. 115. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, in the township of Swinton, to or near the town of Barnsley, in the parish of Silkstone, in the west riding of the county of York; and certain collateral cuts branching out of the said canal.

Cap. 116. For embanking and draining certain salt marshes and low lands within the several parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the county of Lincoln; and for preventing the same marshes and lands from being overflowed with the sea, and for altering an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, marshes, droves, waste lands, and grounds, in the parish of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 117. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the River Dun navigation cut, at or near Stainforth, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river Trent at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln, and also a collateral cut from the said canal to join the said river Dun, in the parish of Thorne, in the said riding.

Cap. 118. For making effectual the statute labour in the shire of Inverness; and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing highways and bridges in the said shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the streets within the royal burgh of Inverness.

Cap. 119. To vary and extend the line of the canal authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucester, and to amend the said act.

Cap. 120. For making effectual the statute labour, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the county of Caithness.

Cap. 121. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal, in the county of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham canal now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 122. For erecting and making a pier and harbour in the cove of Trevaunance, in the parish of Saint Agnes, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 123. For enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Carnarvon.

Cap. 124. For rebuilding the Tron Church of the city of Glasgow; for opening certain streets; for removing obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the weight and measure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the streets of the said city; for enlarging the gaol or tolbooth there; and for selling part of the High or Calton Green, and also the glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, and parish of Glasgow.

Cap. 125. For enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the harbour of Amlwch, in the isle of Anglesey.

Cap. 126. For amending an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Blything, in the county of Suffolk, and for granting some further powers and provisions for carrying the same more effectually into execution.

Cap. 127. For repealing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the charitable uses, extending the objects, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the estates given by sir William Harpur, knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charity, of the town of Bedford; and for the better management and disposition of the said estates, and the rents and profits thereof.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 128. For more effectually repairing the roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn road, and from Claydon to the Bury Saint Edmund's road, at the end of the bounds of the parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 129. For reviving, continuing, and amending certain acts, of the fourteenth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the road from the north end of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 130. For repairing the roads from the town of Cambridge to a place called Long Leys, and from the said town of Cambridge to Royston, in the counties of Cambridge and Essex.

Cap. 131. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Uttoxeter to the westwardly part of Hardiwick heath, and for setting out and making a new road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the village of Millwich to Sandon, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term, and altering the powers, of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the road through the parish of Bromesberrow, in the county of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the road from Gloucester to Worcester.

Cap. 133. For opening and making a new road from the turnpike road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the parish of Lanvabon, to the confines of the parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 134. For more effectually repairing the road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 135. For continuing and amending an act passed in the thirteenth year of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the guide post, at the west end of the town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 136. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bawtry, in the county of York, to East Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 137. For continuing the term of an act, of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the road from the bottom of Galley Hill, near the town of Witney, to the croft in Clanfield, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 138. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts, and several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 139. For repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 140. For making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the west riding of the county of York, to Brookhouses, in the parish of Glossop, in the county of Derby; and for repairing and altering the road leading from, or nearly from, a close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 141. To enlarge the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, the one passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and also the road branching out of the said first mentioned road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford; and the other passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of the said act, and for amending several other roads therein described.

Cap. 142. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of parliament of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding, so far as relates to the first district of the roads mentioned in the said act.

Cap. 143. For repairing and widening the road from the foot of a certain bridge, in the parish of Little Bowden, in the county of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the west side of the toll bar at the north end of the town of Rockingham, in the said county.

Cap. 144. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and from the city of Bath.

Cap. 145. For repairing the roads leading from the western part of the parish of Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the east end of the town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Bulmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the end of the parish of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 146. For repairing the high road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the county of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said county.

Cap. 147. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act to continue the term, and vary the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sutton Coldfield common, and several other roads therein described, in the county of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton district of roads.

Cap. 148. For repairing, widening, and altering the road from the turnpike road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the parish of Whickham, in the county of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the parish of Stanhope, in the same county, and a branch from the said road, near Bryan's Leap, in the county of Durham, to the Corbridge turnpike road near Blackhedley, in the county of Northumberland, and another branch from the said road at Wolfingham, in the county of Durham, to Crosgate, near the city of Durham.

Cap. 149. For repairing and widening the roads from Hadley turnpike gate to Stifford bridge, and from a farm house called Tarpotts to the town of South Benfleet, and from the pound in the town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfleet, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 150. For widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from the east side of the market place in New Sleaford, to and through the town of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln; and for making publick the drove road from the said town of Anwick to Kyme Praia Grounds, and for making a road from thence to join the present road near North Kyme town; and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from thence through the said town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the river Witham, and also the road from the opposite shore of the said river to the town of Tattershall, in the said county of Lincoln, and for building a bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry.

Cap. 151. To continue the term and powers of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Saint Ive's Lane, in the town of Saint Neots, in the county of Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell Lane, in the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 152. For repairing and widening the road from the Moot Holt in Wirksworth, to the turnpike road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward; and also the road from the said Moot Hall to another turnpike road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a place called The Steeple House, in the township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the county of Derby.

Cap. 153. For repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the county of Stafford; and also the road from Stafford to Newport, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 154. For continuing the term, and varying the powers, of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering the road from Crickhowell, in the county of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and Ross, and other roads therein described, with respect to certain parts of the roads comprized in the said act.

Cap. 155. For continuing the terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads and streets in and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and altering several other roads in the counties of Somerset and Wilts.

Cap. 156. To continue the terms of two several acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Godmanchester, in the county of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the first rubbing house on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 157. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south-east side of the town of Hedon, in the east riding of the county of York, through the said town, to Hull north bridge; and for amending the road from the present turnpike bar in Wyton Holmes, through the townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the guide post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same riding.

Cap. 158. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, and for making and repairing the road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other roads in the said county.

Cap. 159. For repairing and widening the road from Selby Ferry in the parish of Hemmingbrough, to the town of Market Weighton, in the east riding of the county of York.

Cap. 160. For completing, repairing, and maintaining, the road leading from the city of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the high road leading from the city of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 161. For continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-first and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the county Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same county.

Cap. 162. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the north end of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the county of Kent, to the end of the parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said county.

Cap. 163. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the county of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of the said roads, within the said county.

Cap. 164. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the toll bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 165. For making, amending, diverting, and widening the roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and Wells turnpike road at Marksbury, and from Stowey to Chew Magna, and from West Harptry to the Bath turnpike road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Forecross, in the parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl inn in Compton Martins and from Berrington to the town of Wrington, and from the nine elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 166. For making and maintaining a commodious carriage road from the town of Bawtry, to the town of Selby, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 167. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Womborne to Prince's End; and from Gospel End to the village of Over Penn, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge; and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End; and from Can Lane to the town of Bilston, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 168. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the present turn-pike road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the county of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Sousley Water, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 169. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 170. For repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, to the new bridge at the corn mills at Wilmslow, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 171. For repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the county of Derby, and Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Manchester, in the county of Lancaster; and also the road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said county of Derby, to the last mentioned road ar Whaley, in the said county of Chester.

Cap. 172. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several acts made in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other roads in the county of Salop; and for repairing the road leading from the turnpike road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harlescott, Uffington, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said county.

Cap. 173. For amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Wren's Croft, in the town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent, through the west or lower Harrietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said county.

Cap. 174. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, an act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow; and of another act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said act; and of another act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the road leading from the said city of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that part of the water of Kelvin, called The Milnford of Garscube.

Cap. 175. For more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the parish of Broomsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 176. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and render more effectual two acts, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforesaid road at a place called Filling Gate, to a road called The Foss Road; and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Melton Mowbray to the guide post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

Cap. 177. For repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from Heage, in the county of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said county.

Cap. 178. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the forty-eighth mile stone, in the parish of Cardington, in the present turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road, near Temsford Bridge, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 179. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of parliament, of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 180. For amending, widening, and repairing the road from Clay Hill, in the turnpike road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the county of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the town of Bicester, in the said county, and from Bicester aforesaid to the turnpike road in Weston on the Green, in the said county.

Cap. 181. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 182. For repairing and widening the road from Odiham to Alton, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 183. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the county of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex, as relates to the road leading from Seven Oaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said county of Kent; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

Cap. 184 For reviving, continuing, and amending an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby; and the roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the guide post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth milestone on Hathersage Moor, and to the village of Darwent, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 185. For repairing and widening that part of the road, leading from Kelso towards the town of Selkirk, which lies to the eastward of the turnpike road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the river Tiviot, near to the town of Kelso, and the road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the place where it joins the turnpike road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the parish of Eccles, in the county of Berwick, and from the ford at Newton Mill, through Ednam, to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempdé esquire, (lately called Richard Bempdé Johnstone), and the heirs male of his body, to take the surname, and bear the arms, of Vanden Bempdé only, pursuant to the will of John Vanden Bempdé esquire, deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto Hinrick Hansen.

3. An act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

4. An act for vesting certain estates of Robert Ladbroke esquire, in the counties of Warwick and Northampton, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the monies to arise thereby in the purchase of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as the said settled estates now stand limited,

5. An act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Risely, in the county of Bedford.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the common, or parcel of waste land, called Dunsley Moor, within the township of Newholm cum Dunsley, in the parish of Whitby, in the north riding of the county of York.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and heath, common pasture, and waste lands in the parish of Dunston, in the county of Lincoln.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open parts of the common fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships or hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the parish of Sherburn, in the west riding of the county of York.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds in the parish of Wadenhoe, in the county of Northampton.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships or graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the parish of Wakefield, in the west riding of the county of York.

---

12. An act for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several commonable and waste grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain parts of the said grounds to fence the same, and for holding, in several ty, for ever, certain parts or lots, being part of the said grounds, called The Acre Fen> and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said parish of Chatteris.

13. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain moor or common within the manor of Milton, in the parish of Kewfioke, in the county of Somerset,

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, ings, marshes, and common pastures, and other common and waste lands and grounds, within the lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the county of Lincoln.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, and pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the pa^ rish of Granby and Sutton, in the county of Nottingham,

16. An act to dissolve the marriage of Alexander Stewart esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh3 his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act to enable John Butcher esquire, and his issue, to use the sirname and arms of Rodbard, purftiant to the will of Henry Rodbard esquire.

18. An act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue.

19. An act for naturalizing Peter Leivis Robin,

20. An act for naturalizing Francois Moore, Philip Colombo Louys Gruaz, and John Amick,

21. An act for naturalizing Henry EngelL

22. An act for establishing and confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the duke of Marlborough and Lincoln college, Oxford.

23. An act for vesting the navigation of the river Avon, in the counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Glouce/lery and certain other estates in the counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the property of George Perrolt esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and the monies arising thereby to be applied in the purchase

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of other estates to be settled to the same uses as those directed to be sold by this act are now settled.

24. An act for dividing, allotting, and Inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable heath grounds, within the parish of Normanton, in the county of Rutland.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or waste lands within the townships of Moretcn and Wilbrighton, otherwise Wilberton, in the parish of Gnofall, in the county of Stafford.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common fens, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the several parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the county of Lincoln.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, waste, and other commonable lands or grounds, within the liberties and precincts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcotty in the parish of Stoke Lyne, in the county of Oxford.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor, township, liberty, and precincts of Little Barford otherwise Bafford Saint John, in the parish of Adderbury, in the county of Oxford.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Dun-flew, in the county of Oxford.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the old whole year lands, common fields, half year lands, Lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Marham, in the county of Norfolk.

31. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the out parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the county of Somerset.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Cafllc-thorpey in the county of Buckingham.

\ 33. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields, half year lands, commons, common.ible lands, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Stiffkey and Morffony in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all rights of common, sheep walk, and fhackage, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the said parishes.

34. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Street gentleman, with Lucy Duncnmby his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An adbfor naturalizing John Anthony Wifsy and John Isaac Charretie.

36. An act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp9

37. An act for naturalizing Peter Benezecb.

38. An act for naturalizing William Herfcheh

39. An act for naturalizing Garden Anderson.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common or wade ground called Light woody within the township of Normacotty in the parish of Stoney in the county of Stafford*

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Milton Bryant, in the county of Bedford.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field?, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Greethaniy in the county of Lincoln.

43. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, downs, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Durnford, in the county of Wilts.

44. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, five open common fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the Wyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Haughton Field, Naught on Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field otherwise Nedge Field, in the parish of Idfal otherwise Shiffnaly in the county of Salop*

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common arable, meadow, ley pasture, and waste lands, lying and being within the township of Burcester-King s-End otherwise Bicester-Ring's-Endy in the parish of Burcester otherwise Bicester, in the county of Oxford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, waste grounds, and commonable places, within the hamlet of AJion Upthorpe, in the parish of Blewbury, in the county of Berks

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Kir ton in Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln.

48. An act for vesting the settled estates of Francis Glanville esquire, in the county of Wilts, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

49. An act to disunite the rectories of Gimingham and Trunchy in the county of Norfclky and diocese of Norwich.

50. An act to empower William Churchill Dickenson esquire, to grant buildingleases, renewable leases, and make conveyances in fee, of and upon all or any part of the estates at Chorhon Rowy devised by the will of John Dickenson esquire, deceased, situate near the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

51. An act to enable John Gartfide esquire, to grant and convey the inheritance, in fee simple, for building upon reserving rents, or to make building leases, of any part of his settled estate in Little Bolton, in the county of Lancaster.

52. An act to enable Mary Greene widow, and James Greene esquire her son, and the survivor of them, to grant and convey in fee farm, for the purposes of building, or to make building

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

leases, for any term of years, of messuages and lands at Droylff den, Failfvjorth, and 1Newton, in the county of Lancaster.

53. An act to enable the lord bishop of Ely to fell the castle of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, and the gardens 3nd appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the money to arise from such faJe in manner therein mentioned.

54. An act for vesting the inheritance in fee simple of part of the settled estates of John Newnham esquire, in John Frayton Fuller esquire.

55. An act for vesting certain estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in trustees, to the uses of the will of Jacob Knight esquire, deceased, in lieu of an estate in Worcestershire, limited to such uses by the said will, and for vesting the estate in Worcestershire in Warren Ha [lings esquire, in fee simple.

56. An act for enabling the trustees of Henry Smith esquire, deceased, to accept a grant of a rent charge or clear annual payment orfum of twenty pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every year by, and out of, a messuage, farm, and lands, of the right honourable Jeffery lord Am-hcrjl, in the parish of Horley, in the county of Surrey, in exchange for several pieces or parcels of land situate, lying, and being in Sevenoaks, in the county of Kent, inclosed from the waste of the manors of Sevenoaks and Knoivle> or one of them, and to convey the said several pieces or parcels of land to the said Jeffery lord Amherfl, and his heirs accordingly.

57. An act for enabling the dean and chapter of Canterbury to grant building leases to Mr. Francis Hurlbatt.

58. An act to enable John Trafford esquire, and other persons after his death, to grant leases of the estates devised by the will of the late Humphrey Trafford esquire, situate in the counties of Lancaster and Chester, for building, and also to grant leases of certain waste moss lands in the said counties, other parts of the said devised estates.

59. An act for sale of a leasehold estate, late of John Blackburne esquire, deceased, and of a freehold and leasehold estate, late of Richard Kent esquire, deceased, and for the application of the respective purchase monies.

60. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, in the parish of Shot-teswell, in the county of Warwick.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds within the manor or town ship of Armley, in the parish of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain common moor, or trad of waste ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and also certain common fields or dales and pieces of land, within the township of Thorngrafton, all within the barony or manor of Wark, and in the parish of HaltwhiJUey in the county of Northumberland.

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

63. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain common moor, or tract, of waste ground, called Langley South Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of War den, in the county of Northumberland.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain common moor, or tract of wade ground, called Grindon Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland,

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields* and other uninclosed lands, within the manor or manors of All'mgton, in the county of Lincoln.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, common pastures, and other commonable places, within the manor and parish of Aldsworth, in the county of Gloucester.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, pastures, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the parish of Orston, in the county of Nottingham.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste and other commonable lands, within the parish of Maifemore, in the county of Gloucester (except a certain meadow called Maifemore Ham), and for rendering all the lands and tenements within the said parish wholly exempt and discharged from tythe, and all modus and composition for tythe, by allotting lands in lieu thereof.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons, heaths, and marsh and waste lands, within the manor of Cob-ham otherwise Covebam, in the parish of Cobham, in the county of Surrey.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing part of the moors and wastes within the manor of Masham and Majhamshire, in the north riding of the county of York.

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons or waste lands within the town, manor, or lordship of Weaver ham, in the county of Chester.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the hamlet and liberties of Little Tew, in the county of Oxford.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable salt marshes, droves, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Moulton, in the county of Lincoln.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the hamlet and liberties of Milcomb, in the county of Oxford.

75. An act to dissolve the marriage of Richard Martin esquire, with Elizabeth Vesey, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

76. An act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz

77. An act for naturalizing David Berguer.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

78. An act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79. An act for impowering the committees, or committee, for the time being, of the estate of the most noble Anna Eliza duchess of Chandos, a lunatic, to make leases of her estate during her lunacy, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

80. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division between William Thomas Darby esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John esquire, of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments (heretofore the estate of Richard Jackson esquire, deceased) in the several counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middle f ex^and the city of London, and for limiting and settling the specifick parts thereof, which, upon such partition and division, were allotted to each of them, to the several uses therein mentioned.

81. An act to enable fir Henry Bridgeman baronet, and, after his death, other persons, to grant building leases of his'settled estates at or near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the county of Lancaster, for long terms of years.

82. An act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the county of Lancaster esquire, to make grants in fee, and also to grant building leases of certain estates in the township of Bolton le Moors, in the said county.

83. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and pastures, within the pari th of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the county of Nottingham.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parish. or lord ship of Jfueneborough, in the county of Leicester.

85. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the hamlet of Taddington and Prieflcliff.\ in the parish of Blakewell> and county of Derby.

86. An act to dissolve the marriage of Edward Brown esquire, with Susannah Sulky, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act to dissolve the marriage of the reverend Caherley John Bewicke clerk, with Mary Elizabeth otherwise Mary Elisha Vaughan his now wife, and, to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

88. An act for enabling Richard William Howard Vyfe, an infant trustee, to join in making an exchange of part of the estate of the most noble Charles duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferr and Foljambe esquire.

89. An act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain lands and grounds in the parish of Brotherton, in the west riding of the county of York.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the manor and liberty of Swindon, in the parish of Womborne, in the county of Stafford.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds and ings, or meadow grounds, within the township of Knottingleyi in the west riding of the county of York.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

92. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain common and wade lands, in the parishes of Llanferrer, in the county of Denbigh, and Rilkcn, in the county of Flint.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the town and lordship of Frodsham^ and the township of Heljby, in the parish of Frodsham, in the county of Chester.

94. An act for naturalizing Bartholomew Voile.

95. An act for effectuating an exchange between the dean and chapter of Lincoln and Richard Eltifon esquire.

96. An act to enable Sarah Heaton widow, mother and guardian of John Heaton a minor, to grant building Ieases, during his minority, of ground in the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex,

97. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, lands, pastures, and wastes, within the township of Speeton, in the parish of Bridlington, in the east riding of the county of York.

98. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the open fields, meadows, pastures, and wastes, within the township of Southburn, in the parish of Kirkburny in the east: riding of the county of York,

99. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common called Thirsk West Moory and Calton and Sandhutton commons, in the parish of Thirsk, in the north riding of the county of York, and several parcels of moor or common land, being part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several townships of Thirfky Bagby, and Balky in the said riding.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, in the parish of Slaivjlony in the county of Leicester.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, and a certain moor or common called Thornborough Moor9 within the parish of West Tanfield, in the north riding of the county of York.

102. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and uninclosed fields, and arable, meadow, and pasture lands, pastures, and wastes, within the township of Skidby, in the parish of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and carrs, within the several townships of Holly m and lYilhernfeay in the parish of Hollym, in the east riding of the county of York, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and also of the tythes of the ancient inclosed lands in the said townships.

104. An act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augujlue Treijer.

Vol. XXXIX.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III., Mag-

nee Britannia-, Fran, £2?

tricesimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and hoi den at Westminster, the twenty fifth day of November,

Anno Domini 1790, Vi the thirty-first year of the £eign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third,

the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the &c. And front

thence continued, by several prorogations, to the thirteenth day of December 17925 the vffbe seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to prohibit the circulation of promissory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, for the payment of any sum or Jinns of money, or for any other confederation, created and ijfeued under or in the name of any publick authority in France.

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the circulation in this Preamble* kingdom of any premijjory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, being transferor able or negotiable, or purporting to be negotiable by delivery, created and ijfeiedy or purporting tv be created and ijfeued, or vjhich shall hereafter be created and ijfeued by or in the

Y* o y^j j

Jams: and whereas the circulation of the same may be prejudicial to Vol, XXXIX. £ manufac*

2 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i.

[1793.

Promissory notes, &c. issued under any publick authority in France, to be void in any payment.

From Jan. 5,

manufacturers, artificers, labourers, and others, /Z/jr kingdom; be

it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every such promissory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation as aforesaid, which now is or hereafter shall be issued under or in the -name of any publick authority in France, or shall purport so to be, shall be utterly void and of no effect in any payment within this realm, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

793? persons all and every person or persons who, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall

paying such notes to forfeit not more than act. nor less than 5l. for each note.

knowingly utter, publish, or pay, or cause to be uttered, published, or paid, any such promissory or other note, order* undertaking, or obligation as aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof by consession of the party accused, or upon the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace abling in and for the county, division, city, town, or place where such uttering, publishing, or paying shall have happened, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be levied in manner herein after mentioned, in respect of each and every such promissory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation, which shall be uttered, published, or paid as aforesaid, or which such person or persons shall have caused to have Application of been so uttered, published, or paid, whereof, all charges for the forfeitures. recovery of the same being first deducted, one moiety shall be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall have been committed: Such notes re- provided always, That, any person who shall have received in yeived oefore payment, before the fifth day of January one thousand seven to bVVepaid*' hundred and ninety-three, any such promissory or other note, on demand by order, undertaking, or obligation as aforesaid shall be in titled, the persons on demand and redelivery of the same to the person from whom the from whom same was received, to the full sum for which the same was so rcca\ea. uttered or paid, in lawful money of Great Britain If persons li- Hh And be it further enacted, That if any person, liable to ^a^ment of Pa3'ment any ^ch promissory or other note, order, under-

such notes taking, or obligation. shall neglect or refuse to make payment of shall refuse to the full sum for which the same was so uttered or paid, in lawful do so for 10 money of Great Britain, or so much thereof as shall remain due ^Jnda^e*use" thereupon, by the space of ten days after demand made thereof by tice may'hear the holder of any such promissory or other note, or undertaking the complaint as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of of the holdrs, his Majesty's yuilices of the peace for the county, riding, city, e <^v^Ion'> or P^ace where the person so refusing to pay any such umwi v.0 is. prom[f]ory or other note, order, or undertaking as aforesaid shall or may happen to be or reside; and such justice or justices Is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder thereof, to Summon' the person again# whom such complaint

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. t. 3

shall be made, and after his or her appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof Upon oath (which oath such justice or justices is or are hereby authorised to administer) of such summons having been made, such justice or justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and award such sum to be paid by the person liable to the payment of such promissory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation as aforesaid, to the holder thereof, as shall appear to such justice. or justices to be due thereon, together with such a sum for costs, not exceeding the sum of twenty shillings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalties, and the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, hereby incurred and made

payable, shall be forthwith paid by the person convicted; and in be^evieci case such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or in case by distress. any person shall neglect to pay or fat is fy such sum of money as, upon such complaint as aforesaid, shall be adjudged, upon the same being demanded, such justice or justices as aforesaid shall, in such cases respectively, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, cause such penalties, or such sum as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offenders respectively so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices may

it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to order order offern^ such offender to be detained in safe custody until return can be re-"

conveniently had and made of such warrant of distress, unless the turn be made party so convicted shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction o f distress war-

of such justice or justices, for his appearance before the said juf- rant unless the J parties

security,

tice or justices, on such days as shall be appointed by the said Paitlfs'§ive

justice or justices for the day of the return of such warrant of distress (such day not exceeding eight days from the taking of such security); which security the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of recognizance or other wise;

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That For want of.if Upon such return no sufficient distress can be had, then an I in <!, ftr5ls such case the said justice or justices shall and may commit stich oToned

offender to the common gaol or house of correction for the ft id for three*county, riding, division or place, where the offence shall be months, or committed, for the space of three calendar months, unless the unt-d recogni-money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or until such offender, ffito

thinking him or herself aggrieved by such conviction, shall give appeal to the notice to the informer that he or she intends to appeal to"the quarter I'd1- justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions of the flons* peace to beholden for the county, riding, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, and shall enter into recognizance before such justice or justices, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter sessions

4 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2. [1793.

(which notice of appeal, being not less than six days before the trial thereof, such person so aggrieved is hereby impowered Quarter fef- to give); and the said justices at such session, upon due proof of fions may such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into mineV^eals *uc^ recognizance5 shah hear and finally determine the causes*and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

Proceedings

VII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be not to be had touching the conviction of any offender against this act, or warn of form *or enforcing payment of such paper currency as aforesaid, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

[Limitation of Actions.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done or added in pursuance of this add, then and in every such case such addion or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three calendar months after the fadd committed, and not afterwards, and the same, and every such addion or suit, shall be brought within the coufity whcte the fadd was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such General issue. addion or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this add and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this add: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or discontinue his, her, or their addion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble costs. defendants shall and may recover treble colds, and have the like remedy for the recovery thereof as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by lav/.

CAP. II.

An act to enable his Majesty to refrain the exportation of 'naval Jlores; and more effectually to prevent the exportation of salt peire, arms, and ammunition, when prohibited by proclennation or order in council.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the publick safety may require temporary restraints upon the exportation of naval fores: and whereas it is also expedient that further provison should be made to prevent the exportation of or shipping to be carried coastwise, any salt petre, gunpowder, or any sort of arms, or ammunition, when the export of the same, or the carrying of the same coastwise, is prohibited by his Ma-

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2. 5

jefiys royal proclamation, order in council, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to 29 Geo. x.c, i6. prohibit the exportation of salt petre, and to enforce the law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder, or any sort of arms and ammunition; and also to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying coastwise of salt petre, gunpowder, or any sort of arms or ammunition; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by proclamation or order in council, His Majesty when he mail fee caefe, and for such time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or the attempting to export, pig of pig iron,iron, bar iron, hemp, pitch, tar, rosin, turpentine, anchors, cables, &c. cordage, inafts, yards, bowsprits, oars, oakum, cker, sheet copper, and other naval stores.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All pig iron, from and after the passing of this act, all pig iron, bar iron, hemp,

pitch, tar, rosin, turpentine, anchors, cables, cordage, masts, Majesty's

yards, bowsprits, oars, oakum, oker, sheet copper, and other proclamation,

naval stores, which shall be exported, transported, carried, or to be fprfcited

conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat,

in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of and tfoe vqJjij

this kingdom, contrary to any proclamation of his Majesty, or order See. and may

of his Majesty in council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be be seized by

seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and every ^he customs°

person or persons offending therein shall forfeit treble the value of such naval stores respectively, as shall be so exported, transported,

carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, or laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, for that purpose; and such ship, vessel, or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Salt petre, &<?. all salt petre, gunpowder, arms, or ammunition, prohibited by cirriM tQ proclamation, or order, of his Majesty in council, to be carried coastwise, if coastwise, which shall be shipped or laden on board any ship, ffiipt for that vessel, or boat, in order to be carried coastwise, shall be forfeited purpose, to be in like manner as such articles would be forfeited it shipped or laden ^Mted, C^c* for the purpose of being exported out of this kingdom, and shall and

may be seized and prosecuted in like manner, and the person or persons offending therein shall be subject and liable to the like penalties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That f^Vefe

every ship, veuel, or boat, in or on board of which any salt petre, felt^tr^ C4c gunpowder, arms, or ammunition shall be exported, transported, fhaftbeexpoi: -carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, or carried coastwise, ed, or carried or on board of which such articles as aforesaid shall respectively

be laden or laid for any of the purposes aforesaid, when the same pjted by°his shall be prohibited by proclamation or order ip, council, to be ex- Majesty, to be

£ 3 ported torltiied.

This act not to extend to ships of war, &c.

This act maybe altered or repealed in the present fallen.

[Preamble.]

Order of his Majesty in council of Nov. 9> i; 92 rteitecL

All fines for

?eis 4.]one under the recited order, t

by v.1jiolia)V, vI

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1793.

ported or carried coastwise, shall be forfeited, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs,

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to any of his Majesty's ships of war, or any other ships or vessels or boats in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or employed by his Majesty's board of ordnance; nor.to prevent any ship or vessel from taking or having on board such quantities of naval Pores as may be necessary for the use of such ship or vessel during the ccurfe of her intended voyage; or.any ship or vessel from taking or having on board by licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the of of the ad- miralty for the time being, any arms or ammunition for the necessary use or defence of such ship or vessel.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any part of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament,

CAP. III.

An act for indemnifying all persons who have been, concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of council respecting ihe exportation of wheat and-wheat four, for preventing J'uits in consequence of the same, and for making further provisiom relative thereto: and a Jo for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal., flour, bread, biscuit, and potatoes; and to permit the importation of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an order in council bearing date ihe ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, was pleased to order, that no person or persons whatever foe aid, from and after the publication of that order in the London Gazette, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or caufi or procure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of or from any port or place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any ship or vessel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat or wheat four: and whereas the find order cannot be juju fed by law, but was so much for the service of the publick, and jo necessary for the safety and preservation of his Alajeflyh fidj efts, that the same ought to be justified by an act of parliament, and all persons ifjuing, advifljig, or acting under or in obedience to the said order respectively indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Kmc, That all personal actions and Euits, indictments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which C) have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any per-b Ion or persons, for or by reason of any act, matter or thing, ad-viicJ, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said order, or of any contract qr agreement not

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3.

performed by reason or by mean?; of, or in obedience to such order of council, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void, by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to' be done, or such contract or agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the general Blue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit so to be prosecuted cut^d aftlr or commenced after the sixth day of February one thousand seven peb. 6, 179.3, hundred and ninety-three, in that part of Great Britain called become non-England\ shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or ^cgthe fuller discontinuasnee; or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff ^coverdouble or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her cr colts, their double costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like remedy as in cases where the costs by law are given to the defendant; and if any such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said Iixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit hath been already commenced against any r^ac]y c^n^ person or persons for any such ad, matter or thing so advised, meneed, may commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne tc be done, or on apply to the account of any such contract or agreement not performed, it ^oult to shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions or suits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain such actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively to stay all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a luminary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Until March i, whatever shall, until the first day of March one thousand seven T-793> all hundred and ninety-three, directly or indirectly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, trans- 0t Great bimported, carried or conveyed, out of or from any port or place tain, or ftfipt within the kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Chip, forfeited vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or also the veil'd* conveyed out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat <S; c. or wheat flour, bread, or biscuit, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned, that is to say, that all wheat and wheat flour, bread, or biscuit which shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or so loaded or laid gn board in any

Vered.

S Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1793.

ship, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, or carried out of the kingdom of Great Britain contrary to this a ft, shall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of wheat; or wheat flour, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bread or biscuit, which shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any ship, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from the said kingdom of Great Britain, and also the ship, vessel or boat, in or on board of which any such wheat or wheat flour, bread or biscuit, shall be so respectively exported, transported, carried or.conveyed, or in or upon which any such wheat or wheat flour, bread or biscuit shall be so reflectively loaded or laid, in order to be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized Application of by any officer or officers of the customs; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the Kind's majesty, r his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, such penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or where the value of such penalties or forfeitures shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place where the offence shall have been committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall and may be recovered by action or summary bill on information in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland, or where the value of such penalties or forfeitures shal] not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by summary bill on information at any general quarter sessions of the peace, by action in the sheriff or ffeward's court of the county or stewartry where the offence shall be committed;

e and that the master and mariners of any such ship, vessel, or boat, wherein any such offence shall be committed, having knowledge this act °and of such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and affiffing the rein, and being thereof duly convicted in any such courts respectively as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

IV. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con-

may be ex- tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to pro-ported i

wheat occ. hibit the exportation of any foreign wheat or wheat flour which

carried co-ft- {nail have been imported into this kingdom, and warehoused in

Matters and mariners

p flitting the rein, to be imprisoned.

Foreign wheat

prohibit the carrying coaitwiie, or the carrying exporting of wheat, and wheat flour, bread or biscuit, for any

of

9

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3.

of the purposes, in like manner, and in the fame proportion's and quantities, and from and to the same ports and places, as is by the said before-mentioned act allowed, at such times as wheat and wheat flour are prohibited to be exported by reason of the price of wheat and wheat flour being at or above the prices mentioned in table B, in the said act contained, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and imposed by the said act, or by any other add now in force, in any of the cases aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- His Majesty in ful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they is

and are hereby authorised, by and with the advice of his or their Murine thT privy council, until the end of the present session of parliament, present ft-fiion, from time to time to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the ex- prohibit the portation from Great Britain of any sort of corn, meal, or flour, bread, or biscuit whatsoever, or of potatoes, and in like manner perfr'jt thViinto permit generally the importation of foreign corn, meal, or portation of flour, subject to either of the low duties specified in the table Z), foreign corn, in the said act, and in like manner to recal such prohibition or &c* permission, if circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any person shall export or import any corn, meal, or flour, potatoes, or other articles herein-before mentioned, contrary to such prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person so exporting or importing the same shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures and pe- Corn, &c. ex-nalties, and the said corn, meal, and flour, bread, biscuit, and ported or hn-potatoes, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be exported con-ported or imported, shall be respectively subject and liable to the p^hibkioi^or like forfeitures as are provided in the case of any of the said ar- pel-mission, to tides being exported or imported contrary to the provisions of be forfeited, any act or acts of parliament now in force. &c*

VI. Provided always, That in every such case it shall and His Majesty in may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the council may advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation of, the several forts of ^vifcorexport-corn, meal, or flour, bread, or biscuit, for any of the purposes, ing corn for in like manner, and in the same proportions and quantities, and the purposes from and to the said ports and places, as is by the said before-mentioned act allowed, at such times as any such corn, meal, or £c#

flour are prohibited to be exported, by reason of the price of any such fort of corn being at or above the price mentioned in table B, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and imposed by the said act, or by any other act now in force, in any of the cases aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That -this present act shall altered^or

and may be altered or repealed by any act or acts to be made in repealed in the this present session of parliament. present session.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every such case His Majesty in it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and sue- coun(pl m: iY cessors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit toeuo be car-

pota- jied coast wi i e,

to Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.

to IrHand, potatoes to be carried coastwise, or to Ireland\ or as {hip's scores, stores.11? under such securities, conditions, and regulations as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall think lit.

CAP. IV.

An act for efablifing regulations respefrting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or ref dent therein, in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

Mailers of veil els to give to the officer

WHEREAS a great and unusual number of persons, not being natural born subjects of his Majesty, or denizens or persons naturalized by act of parliament^ have lately resorted to this fa-g h- i: and whereas, under the present circumstances, much danger r: fa

to the publick tranquillity from the resort and residence of, i Is

due provison be made in ref pad thereof; be it therefore; 7

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the auv j..d consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, 1.'is present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of this act, the mailer or -commander cf every (flip or'efTel which shall arrive in any port or

on board.

Penalty for neglect of so doing*

of the customs place of this kingdom, shall, immediately on his arrival, declare -at the port of in writing to the collector and comptroller, or other chief of-ten decbrlr1^cer °kkie customs, at or near such port or place, whether there lion specifying are> to t-ie °*' -uS knowledge, any foreigners on board his the name s, &c. hid veiled; and shall, in his said declaration, specify the number of foreigners of foreigners, if any, on beard his said vessel, and also specify their names and respective rank, occupation, or description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mailer or commander of every ship or vessel, so arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, for each and every foreigner who shall have been, on board at the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully neglected or refused to declare Application of as aforesaid; one moiety whereof shall be to the informer or inpenalty, and formers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place abk rtcover' in which such offence shall have been committed, to be recovered before any one or more justice or justices of the peace acting in and for the division, city, town, or place, in which such offence shall have been committed, by the confession of the party, lie lies

On nonpay-

or on the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-ana in case such master or commander as aforesaid shall n!dtv °the vef ne£*e<^- or re^u^e forthwith to pay such penalty as he shall be ad-fel may be'de- judged to pay in manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be law-trained. ful for the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, to detain such ship or vessel as aforesaid, until the same shal] have been paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every alien who shall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, on or after the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred

and.

Aliens arriving after Jan. 10, 1793, to give to the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4 ir

and ninety-three, shall, immediately after such arrival, declare Port officer of in writings to the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of bitten dTcI. the cufcoms, at or near such port or place, his or her name and rat; on of tj^e'ir rank, occupation or description, or if a domestick servant, then names, rankj also the name, rank, occupation, or description of his or her master or mistress, or shall verbally make to such officer as aforesaid such declaration, to be by him reduced to writing'; and shall also in like manner declare the country or countries, place or places where he or she shall have principally relided for lix calendar months next immediately preceding such arrival: and that Aliens neg-every such alien who shall neglect to make declaration of the Jettingto make aforesaid particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false decla- tjj^ration thereof, shall, for every such offence, on conviction there- adjudged to of in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or in any court of depart out of

ftiriory t q e i e a 1itj, allcl

for nonconi -

oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, or justiciary court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this realm, and all p^pnce^tcTbe other his Majesty's dominions, within a time to be limited in transported such judgement; and if he or she shall be found, therein after for Lie. such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, he or file shall, being duly convicted thereof, be transported for life.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Aliens to ob-every such alien so arriving as aforesaid, shall obtain from the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cufcoms (and custom a such officers are hereby respectively required to deliver the same) certificate of a certificate of his or her declaration, made in writing or verbally, their deelara-containing all the particulars in such declaration contained. Ll0ns'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Ad not to ex-aforesaid, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend or cerdfi*d be construed to extend to any mariner, whom the master or by the m ifttr commander of any ship or vessel, arriving in any port or place in to the officer Great Britain, shall certify to such collector, comptroller, or of the customs* other chief officer of the customs, in writing, subscribed by such

master or commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the navigation of such ship or vessel, during the time that such mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed;and which certificate in writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such master or commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Arms, See.

it shall not be lawful for any alien so arriving to import or bring importecT

into this kingdom, any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammuni- by aliens, ex-tion whatever, other than as merchandize, subject to the laws cept.as mer-now in force respecting' the importation of such arms or ammu- chanefi-ze, to nition respectively as merchandize; and that it shall be lawful be eiZe

for any of his Majesty's officers of the customs to take into his or their custody any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this kingdom, in any manner contrary to this act, taking an account thereof; which account shall specify the persons by whom the fame were respectively brought; and that such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition shall be, and shall remain at the King's disposal.

12

?f his Majesty 3n council shall direct that aliens of any descrip-

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. C1793.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think it necessary for the safety or tranquillity of the kingdom, by his or their proclamation or order in coun-

tion, shall not cil, to direct that aliens of any description therein contained (not

be landed, or being alien merchants within the true intent and meaning of this only at prescribed places, a<^) shall not be landed in this kingdom, or shall not be landed,

matters of- except at such places, and under such regulations, as shall be in fending, liable such proclamation or order expressed, then and in every such case to penalty. the mailer or commander of ev, ery ship, or vessel, or boat, having any such alien or aliens on board, shall not suffer any such alien or aliens to land within any part of this kingdom, contrary to such proclamation or order in council, unless by the express per-miffio'n of his Majesty, signified under the hand of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of {late; and every such m after or commander wilfully neglectirfg to conform to any of the directions or regulations contained in such proclamation or order, shall forfeit fifty pounds for every alien so landed, to be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, one moiety thereof to he to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be com-_ _ mitted, and such ship or vessel from on board of which any such forfeited8 a^'ien or a^ens 1° ^and? and every other vessel or boat used

3*in landing any such alien or aliens, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and the same shall respectively be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel, ammunition, and furniture, thereunto respectively belonging.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no alien so arriving shall depart from the place in which he or she shall have so arrived, except for the purpose of making such declaration as herein-before required to the collector, comp-ro'specified)* tro^er* or ot^er chief officer of the customs as aforesaid, or for without a pals- the purpose of obtaining such passport as is herein after men-port, to be tioned, without previously obtaining a passport from the mayor granted on the or other chief magistrate of such place, or from one justice of herein men- Peace forhe county or district in which the same may be situ-tioned. a ted; in which passport shall be expressed the name and rank, occupation or description, of such alien, as declared by him or her to such officer of the customs as aforesaid, and also the town or place to which such alien purposes to go; and such mayor, magistrate, or justice, is hereby required to give such passport on application made to him for that purpose, on production of then certificate of his or her declaration as aforesaid, provided that such town or place, to which such alien purposes to go, shall hot be a town or place from which such alien is restrained from going by any such proclamation or order as is herein mentioned, and provided that such alien shall not have landed in this kingdom contrary to any such proclamation or order in council as is.herein mentioned, ceptdomelk

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ftrvants of when and so often as any alien, except the domestic'k servants of natural-born any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects? or such as shall have

had

Penalty, and bow applied and recoverable.

Vessels bring-

!No aliens to depart from the place of arrival, (except for the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. 13

had letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by act of parliament, being actually attendant on their respective masters, who shall have arrived in this kingdom since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein at any time during the continuance of this actg shall be desirous to change the place of his or her usual residence, or to quit the town or place at which such alien shall have arrived by virtue of his or her first passport, such alien shall obtain from the mayor or chief magistrate, or any justice of the peace for the county, town, place, or districts, in which such alien shall be resident, a passport, in which shall be expressed the name and description of such alien in the manner herein-before provided, and also, unless such alien shall be an alien merchant, the -name of the town or place to which such alien shall propose to remove; and such mayor, chief magistrate, or justice, is hereby required to give such passport, on application made to him for that purpose bv such alien: provided always, That every such alien shall, at the time of making such application, exhibit to such magistrate or justice the passport, by virtue of which such alien arrived in such county, district, town, or place in which he or she shall be resident, or, if such alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue

subjedb, &c.) arrived since Jan. i, 179s, or arriving during the continuance of this act, desirous to change their abode, or the place of their arrival, mult obtain a pair-port, which shall be given on exhibiting the documents herein specified*

of any passport, a certificate from the magistrate or justice, or other person to whom such alien shall have delivered an account of hisor her name and description, in the manner herein-afterprovided.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such mayor, magis- Magistrates trate, or justice, upon due examination upon oath of such alien, may grant and also, if necessary, of any other person or persons, that such ^Hen me^0 alien is an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaining chants, to pafg of this act, it shall not be necessary to express in such passport the to and from name of the town or place to which such alien shall propose to all parts of the remove, but the same shall describe such alien to be an alien mer- kingdom.

chant within the true intent and meaning of this act, and give full liberty to such alien merchant to pass and repass to and from all parts of this kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Magistrates it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor or chief magis- ^n^ahen6 trate, or for any justice of peace of any county, city, town, place, as aforesaid or district! within this kingdom, to require of any alien who shall to exhibit his have arrived in this kingdom after the first day of January one purport, and thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or shall arrive at any Jpg^etafn time during the continuance of this act, except such domestick hinTt^l hfs^servants as aforesaid, and who shall be pasting through or be found Majesty's in such county, city, town, place, or distridb, to exhibit to such commands mayor, magistrate, or justice, his or her passport, which he or she and iF

is hereby required to exhibit accordingly, and in default thereof, jqs Majdlv or in case it shall appear thereby that such alien not being therein shall not direct described as an alien merchant, in the manner in this act men- him to be dif-tioned, is not in his or her way to such town or place as is to

therein expressed, and such mayor, magistrate, or justice shall re.qm? fee cause to suspect that such alien is not bona fide proceeding to commithimto

such P'ifon,

H

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

4* ll793°

such town or place as aforesaid, or in case such mayor, magistrate or justice, shall fee cause to suspect that such alien landed iii this kingdom contrary to any such proclamation or order irt council, as is herein mentioned, such mayor, magistrate, or justice may commit such alien to the common gaol, or other publick prison, or detain such alien in such custody as such mayor, magistrate, or justice may think proper, until notice thereof be sent, by such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, which notice such mayor, magistrate, or justice is hereby required forthwith to transmit, and until sufficient time shall have been allowed for the trans-miftion of his Majesty's commands thereupon; and unless his Majesty shall thereupon, within ten days in England, or fourteen days in Scotland., fgnify his pleasure that such alien shall he discharged, or shall direct, in manner he rein-after mentioned, that such alien shall depart the realm, it shall and may be lawful for, such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to cause such alien to be committed to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, until he or flae shall be delivered by due course of law.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every shall not order a^en whom his Majesty shall not so signify his pleasure to dif-tobedischarg- charge, who shall have refused to exhibit his or her passport, or ed, shall, on who shall have been found not bona fide proceeding to the town conviction, be or p]ace therein expressed, or who shall have wilfully landed in

imnnlnnpn... 1...1...J.

this kingdom contrary to any proclamation or order in council herein mentioned, and who shall be lawfully convitfted thereof in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or' any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or great feluons, or court of justiciary in Scotland> shall be adjudged to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one month, and at the expiration of the said term to depart out of the realm within a time to be limited in such judgement; and if such alien shall be found therein after such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, such alien shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, '

imprii'oned,

&c.

Penalty on persons forging, See. palT-ports or certificates.

or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such passport or certificate as are by this act directed, or (halt obtain such passport or certificate under any other name or description than that which he or she shall have declared to such custom house officer, or to any such mayor, magistrate, or justice as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend to be the person mentioned in such passport or certificate, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, on conviction thereof in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, ', gaol delivery, or great sections, or in the justiciary court in Scotland, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned in the common gaol for any time not exceeding six calendar months, and at the expiration of that time to depart out of this realm* within a time to be limited by such judgement; and if such person

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4

son.or persons be found therein after such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, he or she shall, being duly convinced, be transported for life.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Notice of the

That notices of the several regulations herein-before contained regulations shall be printed in different'languages, and shall be affixed in twined to be publick places in the different ports of this kingdom, and shall printed in also be delivered by the custom house officers to all foreigners on different lan-their arrival in any port of this kingdom, in every case in which anj*

it can conveniently be clones but that it shall not be necessary for ^riV. e '

the conviction of any alien offending against this act, to prove such delivered to personal delivery of the said notices. foreigners on

their arrival; but such delivery not necessary for conviction of offenders,

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^geile shall, by his or their proclamation, or by his or their order in ordered by council, or order under his or their sign manual, direct that any his Majesty's alien being, or who may hereafter arrive within this realm during the continuance of this act, shall depart this realm within a time fitted6toOHU limited in such proclamation or orders respectively, and any alien gaol, shall knowingly neglect or refuse to pay due obedience to such proclamation or orders respectively, or shall be found in this kingdom contrary to such proclamation or orders, as the case may be, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or for any justice of the peace, or for any mayor or chief magistrate as aforesaid, to cause every such alien, so neglecting or refilling, as aforesaid, to be arrested, and to be committed to the common gaol of the county or place where he or (herbal I be so arreffect, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or fhefhaii be delivered by due course of law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty ot? That every such alien so disobeying or knowingly neglecting to aliens disobey-pay due obedience to such proclamation or orders respectively, or |^nJ1QC being found in this kingdom contrary to such proclamation or

orders respectively, who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or any court of oyer and ter-'miner, gaol delivery, or great sessions, or court of judiciary in Scotland, shall be adjudged to differ imprisonment for any time not exceeding one month, and at the expiration of the said term to depart out of the realm, within a time to be limited by such judgement, and if such alien shall be found therein, after such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, such alien shall, being duly convicted, be trail (ported* for life.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Secretary of That it shall and may be lawful for any one of his Majesty's prin- grant warrants*cipal secretaries of (late, in cases where he shall apprehend that to conduct \ immediate obedience will not be paid to such proclamation, or out of the orders respectively, as aforesaid, by warrant under his hand and ^n^he shall seal to give such alien in charge to one of his Majesty's mef- apprehend vviil

1 fengers, or to such other person or persons to whom he shall think not obey proproper t.Q direct such warrant, in order to his or her being con- clamations,' dufted out of the kinedom^ in such manner as shall be fu Stable to

his

16 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4.

his or her rank and situation; and that in case any excuse shall be alledged by any such alien for not complying with such proclamation or orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the lords of his Majesty's privy council to judge of the validity of such excuse, and to allow or disallow the same; and such alien shall remain in the custody of such messenger, or such other person or persons as aforesaid* until the lords of his Majesty's privy council shall have signified their determination thereupon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* His Majesty That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and may order any successors, by his or their proclamation, or order in council, or since TarTi^ or<^er tinder the royal sign manual, to order and diredf any alien or 1792, or arriv- aliens who shall have arrived within this kingdom since the first day ingduring the of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who continuance shall arrive therein during the continuance of this act, other than refid^in^u^h a^en merchants, and the domestick servants of any of his Ma-district as he jesty's natural-born subjects* or of such as shall have had letters shall think patent of denization, or been naturalized by act of parliament* proper. actually and bo?ia side employed in the service of their respective

mailers, to dwell and reiidc respectively in such district or dif-, tridls as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think necessary

Penalty for for the publick security; and if any such alien, except as herein-ciifobedience. before excepted, being so ordered and directed, shall dwell or shall be found to be or have been in any part of this kingdom* other than such distriol or districts as aforesaid, in breach of such proclamation or orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of slate, or for any justice of peace, or any such mayor or chief magistrate as aforesaid, to cause such alien to be arrested, and if it shall appear to such principal secretary of state, or to such justice, mayor, ot chief magistrate, that such alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out of such district or districts, in breach of such proclamation or orders respectively, such alien shall be committed to the' common gaol, there to be detained, without bail or mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due course of law: and if any such alien, except as herein-before excepted, shall be duly convicted in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, or court of judiciary in Scotland, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or residing, or being found to be, or of having been in any place in this kingdom in breach of such proclamation or orders respectively as aforesaid, he or file shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding one month.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Azeris in the That every alien who shall be in this kingdom on the tenth day ^ag^omi°n of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and who arrived*who shall have arrived within this kingdom since the first day of since Jan. i, January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, except such 179a, orthofe domestick servants as aforesaid, shall within ten days from and Ian Ving 170- a^ter t^ie tenth^of January one thousand seven hundred and to deliver ninety, three, and that every alien arriving in this kingdom after the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

17

the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety- within the three, except such domestick servants as aforesaid, shall, within ^ntion^d^ii ten days after his or her arriving at the place which shall be ex- account of pressed in his or her passport as aforesaid, as the place to which their names* he or she proposes to go, deliver to the chief magistrate of the &c. town or place in which he or she shall be 5 and if there be no chief magistrate in such town or place, then, and in such case, to some one of the justices of peace in and for the county or dif-tri6b in which such alien shall be* or to such person or persons as shall be authorised to that effect by such chief magistrate or justice, as the case may be, by warrant under his hand and seal, a full and true account in writing, of his or her name and rank, occupation or description, and also of his or her place of abode, specifying the street and number (if any such there be), in and at which he or she shall then be dwelling, and of the length of time during which he or she shall have been resident within this kingdom, and the place or places of his pr her principal residence during six months immediately preceding his or her delivering such account: and that it shall also be lawful for any mayor or Magistrates chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, or for any justice of may require the peace for any county or district, to require of any such alien such accounts* as aforesaid, except alien merchants, and except such domestick servants as aforesaid, who shall be within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, such an account as is before-mentioned; and such mayor, magistrate, justice, or person, authorised as afore- certificated said, is hereby required to give a certificate to such alien, on thereof; application for that purpose, which certificate shall specify the particulars of the account so delivered by such alien; and in case and may com-any such alien shall neglect or refuse to deliver such account as mit aliensneg-aforesaid, in any of the cases herein-before mentioned, that it l^hig to giye shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace to cause every accounts* alien, so neglecting or refusing, to, be arrested and committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due course of law: and that Penalty for every such alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to de- neglecting to liver such account, or who shall wilfully deliver any falle account gweaccounts, to such magistrate or justice respecting any of the particulars ^lvins herein-before mentioned, shall, on conviction thereof, in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, or the court of judiciary in Scotland, be adjudged, for the first offence, to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one month, and for the second dffence, shall be adjudged to depart out of this realm, within a time to be limited in such judgement; and if such alien shall be found therein, after such time so limited in such judgement, without lawful cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any such chief magistrate, or such justice, shall Magistrates have cause to fufpset that any such alien who may arrive or be maY turn mo ns Within the limits of his or their respective jurisdiction, and who not^av*

Vql, XXXIX,

ing delivered

i8 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.

accounts, and ought, in pursuance of this act, to deliver any such account as is

may arrest them for non-compliance.

Magistrates may require of housekeep ers an account rnay°1 of the names,

&c. of aliens redding with them, &c*

Penalty on houi'ekeepers for neglect.

herein-before mentioned, has neglected or refused to deliver such account, it shall be lawful for such magistrate or justice to summon before him the person so suspected, in order to be examined touching the premises; and also to examine upon oath such other persons as may be competent to give evidence thereupon, and, upon refusal or neglect to obey such summons, to cause such person to be arrested, and brought before him for the purpose above mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, by notice in writing under their hands respectively, to be left at the dwelling house of any housekeeper within the division, city, town, or place, in and for which such justice, mayor, or chief magistrate as aforesaid-shall act, to require of such housekeeper an account in writing, within a time to be limited in such notice, to be subscribed with the name of such housekeeper, of the names, rank, and occupation of all such aliens as may be resident in his or her dwelling house, as far as the same shall have come to his or her knowledge, together with an account of the length of time, during which such aliens respectively shall have been so resident in his or her dwelling house, or if no such alien shall be resident therein, then in like manner he or she shall certify the same; and if any such housekeeper shall neglect or refute to return such account or certificate as is hereby required, or shall return a false account or certificate, every such housekeeper, being lawfully convicted thereof by his or her connection, or on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for every alien who shall be proved to have been a lodger or inmate in such dwelling house as aforesaid, either at the time when such notice as aforesaid was left at his or her dwelling house, or at the time of returning such account or certificate, and whom he or she shall have wilfully neglected to return in such account; and in case there shall be, or have been, no alien in his or her dwelling house at such time respectively, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in Application of manner aforesaid; one moiety of such penalties respectively to be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place in which such dwelling house shall be situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such custom house officer, magistrate, or justice as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient diligence, transmit to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, copies of all such accounts in writing, as shall be delivered to such custom house officer, magistrate, or justice, by virtue of this act, and also of all such passports and certificates as shall be issued by such magistrate or justice by virtue of this act, keeping such accounts, passports, and certificates, as far as may be, from being made ' publick.

penalty.

Copies of accounts delivered to custom house officers, &c and of passports and certificates, granted by magistrates, to be transmitted to one of the secreta ries o-f state.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4: 19

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every case in which power is given The justices by this act to commit any alien'to the common gaol without bail of the courts or mainprize, until delivered by due course of law, it shall and

may be lawful for any of the justices of his Majesty's courts at admit aliens Westminster, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of to bail; the degree of the coif, or for the lord justice clerk, or any of the commissioners of judiciary in Scotland, if, upon application made, he shall see sufficient cause to presume that such person is not within the description limited by this act in the different cases herein mentioned, to admit such person to bail, he or she giving sufficient security for his or her appearance to answer the matters alledged against him or her.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace as may also to admit any alien to bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this act, such justice being authorised so to do by warrant secretary of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state for that pur- Gf state. pose, specifying the security to be taken by such justice.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all aliens who shall have arrived in this kingdom since the Aliens, with-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in the times shall, if within the limits of the weekly hills of mortality, or fi^ogive within the parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pan- an account of eras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, on all weapons, the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety- &c*-in their three; or if out of the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or ^jiver'up^he of the several parishes aforesaid, jyithin ten days from the said same to a tenth day of January; and every alien who shall arrive therein magistrate, after the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall, within ten days after his or their arrival, give to some neighbouring magistrate a full and true account of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition which shall be in their respective possession, or in the possession of others for or at their use or disposal, and shall, within three days from such notice, deliver up to such magistrate all such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, except such only for the keeping of which they shall have obtained licence under the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, during the time such licence shall be in force; and that it shall not be lawful for any such.alien, subsequent to the delivery of such account, to buy or to have in his or her possession, or in the possession of others for or at his or her use or disposal, any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except as herein-before excepted: and that any such person wilfully neglecting to give such account, penalty for or giving a false account, or wilfully neglecting to deliver up neglecting to such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, or forging, give, or giving' counterfeiting, or altering, or causing to be forged, counterfeit- ^falie account, ed or altered, or uttering, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such licence, or buying or knowingly having in his or her possession, or in the possession of others for

C 2' or

Mapstrates may require aliens resident in their jurisdictions, or patting through the same, to deliver up weapons, & c.

Penalty for refusal.

Secretary of itate, &c. may grant warrants for searching the houses of aliens, &c. for weapons, Sec.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.

or at his or her use or disposal, any other weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, contrary to this act, shall, on conviction in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great fettions, or judiciary court in Scotland., be adjudged to depart out of this realm, within a time to be limited in such judgement; and if he or she shall be found therein after such time in the judgement so limited, without lawful cause, he or file shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any such mayor, magistrate, or justice as aforesaid, from time to time, to require any such alien as aforesaid, who shall have arrived within this kingdom since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the continuance of this act, and who shall be within the jurisdiction of such mayor, magistrate, or justice, or who shall pass through the same, to deliver up to such mayor, magistrate, or justice, all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, which may be in his or her possession, or in the possession of others for or at his or her use or disposal, (except by virtue of such licence as aforesaid); and in case of refusal it shall be lawful for such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to take into his or their custody, any such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, and the same shall be and remain at the King's disposal; and that any such alien refusing to deliver up such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, or concealing the same after such requisition so made as aforesaid, shall, on conviction in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or in any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sections, or judiciary court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out. of this realm, within a time to be limited in such judgement; and if he or she shall be found therein, after such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or for any two justices of the peace, or any mayor or chief magistrate as aforesaid, by warrant under their respective hands and seals, to cause any house, rented or occupied by any aliens as aforesaid, except alien merchants, and except aliens who have been resident in this kingdom continually'for the space of two years previous to the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and also any house in which any such alien (except as herein excepted), shall be a lodger or inmate, such inmate not being a domestick servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or persons who shall have bad letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by act of parliament, resident in such house, to be searched in the day time, and in the presence of a peace officer, in order to discover whether any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition be therein, and to cause to be seized all such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. 21

ammunition as shall therein be found belonging to such alien, or being for or at his use or disposal, except such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, whereof he may be in possession by virtue of such licence as is herein-before mentioned; and such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition so seized, shall be at the King's disposal.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such secretary of state, or such and may re*

justice, mayor, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, to require any quire from

housekeeper, in whose dwelling house any alien shall be a lodger afiensS or inmate, by notice in writing under their hands and seals re- shall lodge, an spectively, to be left at such dwelling house, an account in writ- account of ing, to be subscribed with the name of such housekeeper, of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition which shall be in 1 erem' such dwelling house for or at the use or disposal of such alien, within a time to be limited in such notice, or a certificate, subscribed in like manner, that none of the articles aforesaid are therein to be found, as the case may be; and that every such Penalty for

housekeeper neglecting or refusing to return such account as neglect, or aforesaid, or who shall knowingly either return a false account of the particulars aforesaid, or falsely certify that none of the COUat, &c. particulars aforesaid, are therein, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and if he or she shall neglect or refuse to make such certificate as aforesaid, although none of the particulars aforesaid be therein, he or she shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; such penalties to be respectively recovered before any one or more justice or justices of the peace, on the oath of How penalties one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety whereof are to bere-respectively shall be to the informer or informers, and the other c0^refi anc* moiety to the poor of the parish or place in which such dwelling^house shall be situated.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty successors, whenever he or they shall deem it necessary for the may send out publick safety, to send out of this realm any alien as aforesaid, ^raliencom who shall have been committed to any gaol by warrant under the mitted^o^aol" hands and seals of any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of $ccr9*state, or justice of the peace, mayor or chief magistrate reflectively, in manner herein mentioned, or who shall be imprisoned in execution of any sentence passed upon such alien for any offence against this act, or who shall have been admitted to bail.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any alien sent out of this realm by command of his Ma- and if he be jesty, his heirs or successors, shall return, and be found at large found therein within this realm, every such alien shall, on conviction thereof tefbe"

in his Majesty's court of king's bench, or in any court of oyer transported and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, or in the justiciary for life, court of Scotland, be adjudged to be transported for life.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases concerning the execution of this act, when any

question shall arise whether any person is or is not an alien born, f^es against

G 3 not this act, the

22

proof to lie on the party accused.

Who shall be deemed alien merchants.

No foreign ambalTactors, fkc. to be deemed aliens,

Act not to extend to aliens not more than 14 years old.

Certificates,

<kc. to be given gratis.

Fresh passports or certificates

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.

not having obtained letters patent of denization, nor having been naturalized by act of parliament; or whether such alien is or is not an alien merchant; or whether such alien did or did not arrive in this kingdom, on or before the first day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; or did or did not reside therein for two years continually previous to the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety; or is or is not such a domestick servant as aforesaid 5 the proof of being a natural-born subject of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of being a denizen by letters patent, or of naturalization by act of parliament, or of being an alien merchant, or of having arrived within this kingdom on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of having continually been resident for two years previous to the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, or of being such a domestick servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the person touching whom, such question shall so arise.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be deemed an alien merchant within the true intent and meaning of this act, except such person as shall be bona fide engaged in carrying on trade or commerce, by exporting or importing merchandise from or into this kingdom, seeking his or her living thereby; or such person as having been bona fide engaged in trade or commerce in foreign parts, and continuing engaged in such trade or commerce, or being employed as agent or factor by any such person in foreign parts, shall resort to this kingdom, bona fide, for the purpose of transaching the business of the said trade or commerce in which such person in foreign parts shall have been and shall be so engaged as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no foreign ambassador, nor other publick minister duly authorised, nor the domestick servants of any such foreign ambassador, or publick minister, registered as such according to the directions of the laws now in force, or being actually attendant upon such ambassador or minister, nor aliens born who shall have had letters patent of denization, or who shall have been naturalized by act of parliament, shall be deemed aliens within the meaning of this act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall affect any alien, in respect of any act done or omitted, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the age of fourteen years at the time of such act done or omitted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates, passports, notices, and licences, hereinbefore required to be given by any collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or by any justice or justices of the peace, or other magistrates respectively, shall be given without any fee or reward whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pallport, or certificate, issued to any alieu by virtue of

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4^ 23

of this act, shall be loft, mistaid, or destroyed, and such alien may be grant*

shall produce to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, from the office of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, a

copy of the passport or certificate so loft, mistaid, or destroyed,

and shall make it appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that

he or she is the person named in such passport or certificate, and

that the same has been loft, mistaid, or destroyed, without his

or her wilful neglect or default, it shall and may be lawful for

such justice, and he is hereby required to grant to such alien a

fresh passport or certificate, which shall be of the like force and effect as the passport dr certificate so loft, mistaid, or destroyed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Persons ad-

said, That in all cases in which any person shall be adjudged to ortedC be transported, the transportation shall be adjudged to be, and to be lent to shall be, to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice such places as of his privy council, shall direct or appoint. his Majesty in

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- 3°^ said, That in case any person ordered or adjudged to be trans Persons order-ported, shall be found at large within this realm after sentence of ed to be trans-

-transportation pronounced, he shall be guilty of felony, and shall ported, to fuf-suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy. found^within

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the realm. That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the Penalties may peace before whom any pecuniary penalties shall be recovered in be: levied by pursuance of this act, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, re*

to award and issue warrants of distress respectively for the levying of such pecuniary penalties upon the goods and chattels of any offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to such offender or offenders the surplus (if any there be), and for want of sufficient distress to imprison the party offending- till satisfaction be made; and that if either party think Parties ag-him or themselves aggrieved by any judgement or order to be grieved may given or made by any justice of the peace abling in pursuance of this act, touching any pecuniary penalty relating to the same, it j^ons.^ shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons to appeal from the same to the justices assembled at the next general or quarter session to be holden for the county, shire, or stewartry, where such judgement or order shall have bten made, who shall finally determine the same; and no writ of Certiorari shall be No writ of allowed, to remove the proceedings of the said justices, touching Certiorari to the pecuniary penalties aforesaid. 136 flowed.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the party or parties so appealing as aforesaid, Partiesappeah shall give notice in writing, by the lpace of six days next before to 6 such sessions shall be holden as aforesaid, unto the other party or ^[^revious parties, of his, her, 'or their intention to bring such appeal, and that it shall and may be lawful for such justices so assembled to Juices in award costs to either party, as they shall in their discretion think session may-fit, to be levied by warradt of the said justices, or any two or awar(*co 3*

more of them, on the goods and chattels of the party or parties

24 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5. [1793.

[If there be not 6 days between the order of the justice and the next session, the appeal may be made at the second.]

against whom the same shall be awarded: provided also, That in case there be not the space of six days between the first judgement or order of any justice or justices and the quarter or general sessions then next following, that then such appeal may be made at the second general or quarter sessions after such judgement or order made.

[Limitation of actions.]

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the offence shall be committed,

[General issue.]

and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their suit or prosecution, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwise,

[Double costs.]

such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[This act may be altered or repealed in the present session.]

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions therein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

[Parishioners may be witnesses, though part of the penalty be given to the poor of the parish.]

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of any offence against this act, within the limits of such parish, township, or place, notwithstanding any part of the penalty, incurred by such offence, is given or applicable to the poor of such parish, township, or place.

[Continuance of act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall have continuance until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. V.

An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the benefits of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, of glorious memory, intituled An

[32 Geo. 2. c. 28, recited.]

act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, to several persons who have neglected or shall neglect to take the benefit of the same, within

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5. 25

the time limited in the said act, and also to several persons. who were not entitled to any benefit under the said act: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, apd by the authority of the same,

[Persons charged in execution for sums not exceeding 300l. to be entitled to the relief of recited act.]

That, from and after the passing of this act, every person now or hereafter in execution for any sum or sums of money not exceeding three hundred pounds shall be entitled to such relief as by an act passed in the thirty-second year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, is granted to persons charged in execution for any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred pounds.

[Persons now in execution for sums exceeding 100l. and not exceeding 300l. making application before the end of the Easter term, entitled to like relief.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person now in execution for any sum or sums of money exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, and not exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds, shall be entitled to such relief, notwithstanding the time limited by the said act for such person to apply is or may be expired, provided such person shall make such application before the end of Easter term next.

[Debtors in execution for sums not exceeding 300l. making be compelled to deliver up their effects.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, at whose suit any debtor shall be charged in execution for any sum or sums not exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds, shall have such remedy, by compelling such debtor to to deliver up his or her estate and effects for the benefit of his or her creditors, as is provided by the before recited act, in cases whiere the sum for which such debtor shall be in execution does not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And whereas many persons are often committed on attachments, for not paying money awarded to be paid under submissions to arbitration by rules of court, or under submissions to arbitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of the court, in pursuance of an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third, for determining differences by arbitration, and likewise for not paying of costs, duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and also upon any writ Excommunicato Capiendo, or other process for or grounded on the nonpayment of costs or expences in any cause or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court; it is hereby declared and enacted,

[Persons committed on attachments for not paying money awarded by arbitration, &c. to be entitled to the benefit of this act.]

That all such persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, and subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

[Debtors who, from ignorance or mistake, have]

V. And be it further enacted, That where any debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected or shall neglect to take the benefit of the said act, or of this act, within the time limited by the said act, or

26 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6 — 8. [1793.

[not taken the benefit of the recited or this act in time, entitled thereto.]

this act, and shall make it appear to the court out of which such execution issued, that such neglect arose from ignorance or mistake, such debtor shall then be entitled to take the benefit of the said act, or of this act, as if he or she had taken the same within the time by the said act, or this act, so limited as aforesaid: provided always,

[Creditors may file interrogatories for prisoners to answer.]

That it shall be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whose suit any debtor shall be so in execution as aforesaid, to file interrogatories for the examination of such prisoner, before his or her being admitted to take the benefit of this or the before-recited act: provided always,

[Act not to extend to debts due to the crown, &c.]

That this act shall not extend to any debt or debts that may be owing to the crown, nor shall it affect any proceeding which at any time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any commission of bankrupt: provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland: provided also,

[Continuance of act.]

That this act shall continue and be in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. — 4s. in the pound, in England to raise 1, 989, 673l. 7s. 10d. 1q. in Scotland, 47, 954l. 1s. 2d. — Total 2, 037, 627l. 9s. 0d. 1q.

CAP. VIII.

An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the families of perfotis chosen by lot to serve in the militia, as well as the families of corporals, drummers, and fifers, and of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers serving the rein, when embodied and called out in actual service, and ordered to march, ?nay become chargeable to the parifloes whereunto they belong: and whereas no provison is made for such families: be it* therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person who shall have been or shall be chosen by lot to serve in the militia, or any corporal, drummer, or fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual service, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to support themselves, the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, tithing, or township, where the family of such militia man shall dwell, shall, by order of some one justice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parish, tithing, or townfh'ip, pay to such family a weekly allowance

The families ot militia men chosen by lot, ordered to march on achial service, to receive a weekly allowance out of the poor rates, to be re-

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8. 27

according to the usual and ordinary price of labour in huf- imbursed out

bandry within the said county, riding, division, districft, or place, count/

where such family shall dwell, by the following rule; that is to say, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's such labour, nor less thamone shilling, for each and every child born in wedlock and under the age of ten years; and for the wife of such militia man, whether (he shall or shall or not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's such labour, nor less than one shilling; and in every parish, tithing, or township, where the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the purpose aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for that purpose; and every such weekly allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the overseer or overseers of such parish, tithing, or township, by the treasurer of the county, riding, or place where such parish, tithing, or township shall be situate, out of the publick stock of such county, riding, or place.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the treasurer of County trea- ] any county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, within ^rfin^suchs the part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the passing of weekly allow-this act, reimburse to any overseer or overseers of the poor of any ces to farch-parish, tithing, township, hamlet, or vill, any fui* or sums of hcs of militia money in pursuance of the directions of this act, on account of the weekly allowance to the family of any of the persons afore- places than

said, serving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, where the fa-

liberty, division, or place, other than the county, riding, city, mil tes re side,

town, liberty, division, or place where such family shall dwell, a°counTto*h»

shall deliver or transmit an account of such money as he shall have treasurer of

so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more justice or juf- the county

tices of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divi- where the per-

fion or place, where such family shall dwell, to the treasurer of.r.v, t- r i, who shall pay

the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division or place, in the the same.

militia whereof such person shall serve; and thereupon the treasurer to whom such account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall and is hereby required to pay to the trea-iurer who shall have so delivered or transmitted such account, the.sum or sums so by him reimbursed to such overseer or overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justicesorder-

if the family of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, serving in f^nidie^of0 the militia, when embodied and called out into actual service, fustitutes, not and ordered to march, shall hecome chargeable to the parish serving for the wherein such family shall dwell, and such substitute shall not serve parishes where for the same parish, it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace ^ell^dfS who shall make any order for the relief of such family, at the same re6taVeim-time to diredf the overseers of the parish for which such substitute burfementby shall serve to reimburse the money so paid to the overseer or over- the overseers seers who shall have advanced the same, in pursuance of the or- ^the

der before mentioned, if such parish shall be situated within the substitute& same county; and if such parish shall be fitutated in any other serve. county, the said justice ffiail cause the same to be reimbursed in manner herein after mentioned.

C. 00

28 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8. [1793.

Allowances to

IV. Provided always, That the respective allowances which familiestnotto may made as aforesaid to the families of corporals, drummers,

to be sent to anc* fifers, and of persons so chosen by lot as aforesaid, or of sub-workhouses, stitutes, hired men, or volunteers, shall not occasion such fami-nor to deprive lies to be removeable or compelled to be ferit to any workhouse of thdHe^l or Poor^ou^e> nor shall such substitutes, or such drummers and settlement, or fifers> or persons so chosen by lot, be thereby deprived of their

their right of voting for members of parliament. Monies advanced by overseers of

certificate of the order of the justices allowing the relief, &c.

legal settlements elsewhere, nor of their right of voting for the election of members to serve in parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the substitute whose family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any parish situate in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parish, township, or place where the

the^ dwell, shall he repaid them out of the county stock, by

dwell of sub- treasurer of the county to which the parish, township, or place stitutes fer- shall belong, on producing a certificate of the order of the justice ving for pla- allowing such relief, (which certificate such justice is hereby re-other count clu^red to grant accordingly), and the treasurer who shall so repay'to be repaid on hich overseer shall transmit such certificate, and also an account producing a of all monies so repaid by him from time to time quarterly to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in the militia whereof such substitute shall serve; and the treasurer to whom the same shall have been so transmitted shall forthwith reimburse the same to the treasurer from whom the said account was received, which account so received and reimbursed shall be laid before the justices of the peace at their next general or quarter sessions which shall be held for such county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof, and the said justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place for which such substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the treasurer of the county out of the poor rates of such parish, township, or place; and all payments so made by such treasurer or treasurers, overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order or orders of such justice or justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective accounts, in like manner as other expences incurred on account of the militia are by law now directed to be passed and allowed.

VI. Provided always, That in all places having peculiar jurisdictions, and not contributing to the county, such account shall be made over to the treasurer^ receiver, or other public officer, belonging to such peculiar jurisdiction, to be by him reimbursed, accounted for and allowed, in manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several allowances which shall have been made between the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred and

In placeshaving peculiar jurisdictions accounts to be made over to the treasurer thereof. Allowances made between December j, 2792, and

March, 1793, ninety-three, to the wives and families of any such person so buKedasthofe chosen by lot, or of such corporal, drummer, or fifer, or of such authorized by substitute as aforesaid, by any order, recommendation, or other this a ft, and act of any justice or justices of the peace, or by the payment of

any

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8. 29

&ny parish officer, or other person usually paying the poor of any where not parish or place, shall be reimbursed to such persons as shall have paid such allowances in like manner as is herein-before directed where made in to be done, with respect to the like payments authorised and re- part to be quired to be made by virtue of this act; and that in all cases completed* where no such allowance has been made to such wives and families as aforesaid, or where such allowances have been made only in part, it is hereby directed and required that the same allowances, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid, shall be made to or for the benefit of such wives and children, in like manner as if the provisions of this act had been in force previous to the said first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That within the In Exeter the

city and county of the city of Exeter, all allowances to be made by virtue of this act, to the families of persons serving in the treasurer of militia, shall be paid by the treasurer or treasurers of the corpo- the corpora-ration of the governor, deputy governor, assistants, and guar- tion of the dians of the poor of the city and county of Exeter, and that the Poor>

same shall be ascertained, assessect, raised, collected, and levied, by such and the same ways and means as the money raised for the relief of the poor within the said city and county is, by virtue of the several acts of parliament now in force for the relief of the poor within the said city and county, or any or either of them, directed to be raised; and it shall and may be lawful for the several persons authorised to put the said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or sums as shall be necessary for that purpose, over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the relief of the poor of the said city and county; and all and every person and persons who are by the said acts, or either of them, required to do any act, matter, or thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering, of assessments, col- kfting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like acts, matters, and things for the ascertaining, assefsing, confirming, or altering assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be -fiftyeft to all such forfeitures and penalties in case of their neglect or refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned acts, or either of them, and also in the same manner, and by the same ways and means, to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further sum and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of the corporation of the poor, for the maintenance of such wives and families, and shall cause the lame to be repaid to the treasurer of the said corporation.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all monies to be levied All. monies to by parish rates to be made within the city and county of the city of be by Bristol by virtue of this act, shall be paid, ascertained, assessed, rail- Brifto^by*

\ ed, collected, levied and repaid in such manner and by such and the virtue of this

1 same ways and means as are prescribed to be observed in raising mo- att, to be

nT*y raised as pre-

3°

scribed by the acts for raising poor's rates, &c.

26 Geo. 3. c. 107, clause ioz, recited*

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1793.

ney for the relief of the poor, within the said city and county of the city of Bristol, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament relating thereto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the several persons authorised to put the said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or sums, over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the relief of the poor of the said city and county, and also in the same manner and by the same ways and means to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further sum and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of the corporation of the poor, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the treasurer of the said corporation; and that all and every person and persons who are by the said acts, any or either of them, required to do any act, matter, or thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of assessments, collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like acts, matters, and things, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such forfeitures and penalties, in case of their neglect or refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned acts, any or either of them.

X. And whereas by an ati pa [fed. in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majestfs reign (intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England), it is thereby^ amongst other things, cnaffect, Tdhat in case the term of service of any person so ballotted and enrolled for any regiment of militia (as is provided for by the said act) shall be prolonged in manner in and by the said act directed in that behalf beyond the term of five years, then and in finch case the receiver general of the land tax for the county, ridings or place to which such militia man shall belongs shall, and he is thereby required, forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company respectively, the sum of one guinea for every person whose term of service shall be so prolonged, and in case such term shall be prolonged for more than three years, then, at the expiration of three years, he shall pay the like further sum of one guinea for every person whose term shall be it further prolonged, and shall in like manner, at the expiration of every aeU ditional term cf three years, pay the like further sum of one guinea, (all which money so paid by the receiver general shall be allowed hint in his account ), and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer fhcdl think proper) shall be laid out in the tnanner he shall think most advantageous for each respective militia man, and such captain or commanding officer shall from time to time account to such militia mail how the said (urn or sums have been applied or disposed of and shall, before any such militia man receives his discharge, pay over to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall not have been so applied\ dispojid of and accounted for: now, be it enacted

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8* 31

by the authority aforesaid, That the above recited clause shall be. Recited clause and the same.is hereby repealed; any thing in the said recited repealed. act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That' Bounties tobe in case the term of service of any person who shall have been so ^n/chosen^ chosen by lot, and enrolled to serve in the militia, as in the said by lot, whose recited act is provided in that behalf, shall be prolonged in the terms offer-manner directed in and by the said recited act, beyond the term vice are proof five years, then and in such case the receiver-general of the lon£e

land tax for the county, riding or place to which the person so chosen by lot, and inrolled, shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company, respectively, the sum of one guinea for every person whose time of service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like manner, so often as the term of service of any person so chosen by lot and inrolled to serve in the militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further sum of one guinea,

(all which money so paid by the receiver general shall be allowed him in his account), and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective person so chosen by lot and enrolled as aforesaid; and such captain or commanding officer shall from time to time account to such person how the said sum or sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such person receives his discharge, pay over to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall not, have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the term of service of any substitute, hired man. Bounties to be

or volunteer serving in the militia shall continue beyond the term paid to substi-

of five years, then and in such case the receiver-general of the fut^S5 or vo' j* o^lunteers

land tax for the county, riding, or place to which such substitute, whose terms

hired man, or volunteer shall belong, shall, and he is hereby re- of service are quired forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding prolonged, officer of each company respectively, the sum of one guinea for every substitute, hired man, or volunteer, whose term of service shall so continue; and in case such term shall so continue for more than three years beyond the said term of five years, then, at the expiration of the said three years, he shall pay the like further sum of one guinea for every substitute, hired man, or volunteer, whose term shall so further continue, and in like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of three years, pay the like further sum of one guinea, (all which money so paid by the receiver-general shall be allowed him in his account), and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective substitute, hired man, or volunteer; and such captain or commanding officer shall, from time to time, account to such substitute, hired man, q$ volunteer,

o how

32 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 9 — 13. [1793.

ho\v the said sum or sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, receives his discharge, pay over to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CAP. IX.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces a/, 289, including 3, 988 invalids.

CAP. X.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the terri-v tories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same re -

late to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States. — Continued until April 5, 1794.

CAP. XI.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety three. — 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June 24, 1794.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations and borough towns, whose ad mission shave been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and fcllicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to franimif descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose.

---

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent acts of parliament from taking effect from a time prior to the passing thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS every act of parliament, in which the commencement thereof is not directed to be from a specifick time, doth commence from the first day of the session of parliament in which such act is passed: and whereas the same is liable to produce great and manifest injustice; for remedy whereof, be it enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Clerk of the parliaments to endorse on every act the time it receives the royal assent which shall be its com-]

That the clerk of the parliaments shall endorse (in English) on every act of parliament, which shall pass after the eighth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, immediately after the title of such act, the day, month, and year, when the same shall have passed, and shall have

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14, 15. 33

[mencement, where no other is provided.]

received the royal assent; and such endorsement shall be taken to be a part of such act, and to be the date of its commencement where no other commencement shall be therein provided.

CAP. XIV.

An act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their successors, to grant, purchase, and sell annuities upon or for lives.

---

[Publick act.]

Act 6 Geo. I. c. 18. and charter, June 22, 1720. granted to the Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring ships at sea and going to lea, and for lending money on bottomry, and charter, April 29, 1721, recited. The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring ship?, and The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring houses and goods from fire, authorised to grant, sell, Sec, annuities for lives or on survivorship. Impowered to make bye laws. Corporations may assume the name of "The Royal Exchange Assurance Annuity Company/' for the purposes of this act only, and have a common seal. Power to receive money subscribed for the purchase of annuities, and to hold land charged with annuities purchased without licence in mortmain. Capital for securing annuities. When 1000l. is paid, to be laid out in the publick funds Certificates of the deaths of annuitants to be lodged in the office, with an account of the sums paid for the annuities, and notice of deaths to be inserted twice in the London Gazette, Sec. The corporations may sell annuities discharged by release or surrender. Tables of the rates of annuities to be hung up in the office, and agreements for annuities to be made conformable thereto. In case annuity unpaid for six months after demand and notice, and such annuity and all arrears not paid or tendered to be paid within six months, the annuitant intitled to the original sum paid. Annuities granted, fold or purchased, to be deemed personal estate, and may be disposed of as such, and assignees enabled to sue for the same in their own names. General issue. Forging the seal felony, and subject to transportation.

CAP. XV.

An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of England, to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the bank of England.

Acts Geo. 3. c. 49 & 5 Geo. 3. c. 91. — 6 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 21 Geo. 3. c. 71. recited. Governor and company impowered to treat for ground and houses near the bank. Materials of the several houses pulled down vested in the bank. Power to bodies politick, Sec. to agree for the side of houses, lands, &c. but in case they refuse, the sheriffs of London may summon a jury, whose verdict is to be binding. Upon payment of purchase money, proper conveyances to be made. And in case of defects of title, disputes, Sec. purchase money to be paid into the bank, in accountant general's name, subject to the direction of the court of chancery. Proceedings of the court of mayor and aldermen, to be entered in bookstand deemed records. Upon payment of the purchase money, lands. Sec. vested in the governor and company of the bank of England. In case of a same covert, purchase money to be paid to such person as Hie shall di-red, in trull, to be reinvested in another purchase to the same uses. In case the perl'ons in possession be not intitled to the inheritance, purchase money to be paid in the accountant general's name into the bank, subject to the order of the court of chancery. Purchase money belonging to bodies politick, &c. to be reinvested in the purchase of lands, &c. and in the mean time laid out at interest on government security. Bodies politick, Sec. may advance a further sum not exceeding one thousand pounds for the purchase of lands, Sec. Bargains and sales inrolled in the hustings of the city of London, to be as effectual as fines and recoveries. Claims to be made and prosecuted within five years, or the right barred, but may recover against the perl'ons receiving the purchase money. Tenants at will to deliver possession on six months notice, and lessees to deliver possession on September 29, -1793, on satisfaction being made. Mortgages on payment of principal and interest to convey, and in case of refusal interest Vol. XXXIX. D to

34 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16 — 19. [1793.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

to cease. Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, right in premites to vest in the governor and company. After tender of purchase money, in case of refusal to accept the same, premises may be pulled down. Ten pounds penalty on sheriffs, &c. making default. The governor and company to make a recompence for tythes, and to pay all taxes for the houses pulled down, See. Power to take up and alter pavements, See. in Lothbury, Prince's Street and Bartholomew Lane, and the bank not liable to future repairs. Directions for preventing annoyances, Sec. in Loth-bury, from Prince's Street to Bartholomew Lane, and not Ids than ten shillings, nor more than twenty shillings penalty. Committee may be appointed to carry this act into execution. Limitation of actions. General Blue.

CAP. XVI.

An act for effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the town of Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertley, in the county of Surrey, and to the south east side of the turnpike road, in the parish of Turgifs, in the said county of Southampton.

The company of proprietors impowered to raise money upon loans, or by annuities. Money raised, not to exceed 6o, ooool. Expences of the act to be paid by the company. Publick act*

CAP. XVII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

[April 30, 1793.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise a, oooo, oeol. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1794? in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session, concerning loans. Sec. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1794. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficieirt supplies be not granted before July 5, 1794, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the fil'd supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sz Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

[April 30, 1793.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise a, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1794, in manner as by the malt ad of this session is prescribed, &c. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills lb il!ued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1794. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid <*ut of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1794, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so Blued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act j an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sz Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, iii that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning

tjgS'h Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 20, 21.

the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making provision for adjutants who have served a certain time in the militia.

[April 30, 1793.]

XVIII. And whereas persons appointed to act as adjutants in the militia, may by age or infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the duty thereof, and it is expedient that some provision should be ? made for them in consideration of their former J'ervices, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if. any adjutant of militia, who shall have served faithfully, either in his Majesty's regular forces or in the militia, for the full term of thirty years in the whole, shall, by age or infirmity, be rendered unfit for further service, he shall, on producing to the receiver-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place to which such militia shall belong, a certificate of such service of thirty years, as aforesaid, from the commanding officer of the different corps to which he shall have belonged, be intitled to receive, and the receiver-general of the land tax shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required to pay to such person producing such certificate as aforesaid, an allowance at the rate of six shillings per day: provided always, That no person dial I be intitled to receive such allowance, as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less term than fifteen years in the militia, or who shall hold any office or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty.

CAP. XX.

An act for effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

[Publick act.]

Act 30 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited. Power to raise 15, 000l. upon loan or by annuities. Trustees to pay the expences of this act.

CAP. XXI.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchester, to or near Alhton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said canal from a place called Clayton Demesne, in the township of Droyllden, in the parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a place in the turnpike road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the house known by the lign of the Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a place called Taylor's Barn, in the township of Reddish, to Denton, at a place called Beat Bank, adjoining the turnpike road, leading between Stockport and Alhton under Lyne; and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a place called Waterhouses, in the parish of Alhton under Lyne aforesaid, to a place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the township of Oldham aforesaid.

Act 32 Geo. 3. c. 84. recited. Power for the company of proprietors to make extenhons, and powers of the former act extended to this. Two plans and book of reference lhatl be tigned by the speaker of the house of commons, which are to be evidence in all courts of law. Sec, Not so deviate more than one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan.

Houses, gardens, Sec. not to be injured that were (landing On the tirft of January, 1793. Power to divert a road in Gorton. A culvert and trunk to be laid under the canal from Gorton and Debdale Brooks. Proprietors may raise 30, 000b amongst themselves, to be divided into iool. Ifiaies, and deemed personal estate. Subscribers dying before shares completed, exe-

D % 'outers

[Publick act.]

cutors may complete, and in case of refusal or want of afsets, proprietors may appoint others. Rates of tonnage to be the same as in the former act. Payment of wharfage. Rates may be altered. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in the lame proportion as adjoining lands. To compel payment of subscriptions. Power to make rollers or inclined planes, &c. Majority of the proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. This act and the act 32 Geo. 3. c. 84. consolidated. Proprietors to pay the expence of this act.

CAP. XXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the fan of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[April 30,

1793d

Preamble

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most: dutiful commons of Great Britain,

and loyal subjects, the in parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, behlued'at the anc^ auth°rRy of the lame, That, out of any monies granted

exchequer, by Nov. 1, 1793, to the bank, to be placed to the account

for the supply of the present year, there shall be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before the first: day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the sum of two hundred thousand pounds to the governor and of the com- company of the bank of England, and shall by them be placed to

missioners ap- the account of the of appointed by an act of the pointed by 26 twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for applying certain Geo. 3. C. 31. sums of money annually to the reduction of the national debt;

and that all such monies shall be applied by the said of towards the reduction of the national debt in the manner herein after directed, and to no other, intent or purpose, and in no other manner whatever.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said principal lum or sums of money, not exceeding two Commissioners to apply

chafing re- hundred thousand pounds, which are hereby directed to be placed cieemable

publick annuities.

to the account of the said of, shall be applied by the said of, and they are hereby authorised and required to apply the same in payment for the purchase of such redeemable publick annuities as shall be below par, if any, and if there shall be no such publick annuities below par^ then to die purchase of any such publick annuities at or above par, in the following manner: that is to lay, That all such sums of money, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds so to be applied, which shall -have been placed to the account of the said of, on

or

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 37

or before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be applied, over and above the sums applicable by virtue of the said herein-before mentioned a ft of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, to the purchase of such annuities in equal portions as nearly as may be, on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the fxrft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and all such part of the which {half be principal or capital stock of such publick annuities, as shall be theft account purchased by the said of by virtue of this act, shall be and thedivi- transferred to the account of the said of, in the books dends placed of the governor and company of the bank of England, of the thereto, governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, reflectively, as the case may be; and that the dividends payable thereon shall from time to time be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the said of.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all dividends which shall from time to time become due Dividends of and payable, in respect of the principal or capital stock of such redeemed annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue of this act, shall be issued oiit'of^ or set apart out of the consolidated fund, in the same manner as t^e COnfoli-if such principal or capital stock had not been redeemed, and dated fund, shall be paid to the said governor and company of the bank of and applied by England, to be placed to the account of the said of, ^onersun'der and the same shall from time to time be applied by them under the regula-the like rules and regulations, and in the manner prescribed by tions of 26 the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Geo. 3. C. 31. Majesty, with respect to the sums redeemed by virtue of the said act; and that all 2nd every the rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, which in and by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for the sums vested in the said of for the purposes of the said act, shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all sums of money directed to be placed to the account of the said of by virtue of this act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this present act*

ds

CAP. XXIII.

An act for altering the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for other purposes therein mentioned, A far as respects the quality of table beer brewed by common brewers.

[April 30, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the iiventy-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches and other carriages therein mentioned; and also additional duties onfope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them, -relative to the duties on male servants; reciting, That beer or ale above six shillings a barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, brewed for sale, is by lava chargeable with the same duties that are payable for the Jlrongcjl beer or ale Jo brewed for sale; and the brewing of good table beer of moderate strength is thereby discouraged; and in order to promote the brewing of good table beer, it is expedient to proportion the duties payable on such beer to the quality and real value thereof; it vjas enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the fever a I rates and duties then payable for beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the bar ref exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and in lieu and instead thereof there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales, for every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings, exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and Jo proportionally for a greater or lesser quantity, the sum of three findings, to be paid by such common brewer: and whereas beer or ale above eleven findings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, brewed for sale, is by law chargeable with the same duty as is payable for the Jlrongejl beer or ale so brewed for J'ale: and whereas it is expedient, in order to anfzver the purpose of the said act, that the common breiver should be permitted to brew for sale table beer of a higher price than eleven findings per barrel, without the Jame being liable to any greater duty than by the J'aid add is imposed on table beer brewed for sale of eleven findings the barrel\ exclusive of the duties of excise: may it therefore please

39

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23.

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be Common lawful to and for all common brewers in England and Wales to ^Ttabk^ brew beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the beer above duty of excise by law imposed for or in respect of such beer, and 6S. and, under not exceeding thirteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duty;, 13s. per bar-

commonly called Tabic Beer, under, according, and subject: to the rel» under the-

j # j o- j reflations ol

rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions which are con- a£?2» Geo.

tained, provided, settled, or established in and by the said act c. 68. made in the twenty-second year of the reign aforesaid, for common brewers brewing beer or ale above lix shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, and such common brewers so brewing such beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, and not exceeding thirteen shillings the barrel, shall not be chargeable with or liable to pay, for or or in respect thereof, any greater or higher duty than is imposed by law for or in respect of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duty, brewed as aforesaid; any thing in the said act, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The allow-neither the allowance of one shilling and four pence, which is ancesnot to now payable upon every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings ^blel^er^ the barrel, exclusive of the duty by law imposed on such beer or above 6s. and ale (and not being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, brewed under 13s. and made in that part of Great Britain called England, by the Per barrel, common brewer, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, retentions, and provisions contained and provided in and by the said at made in the twenty-second year of the reign aforesaid) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger, nor the allowance of one shilling and eight-pence, which is now payable upon every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty by law imposed on such beer or ale (not being twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, or such table beer as late aforesaid brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England, nor within the said cities of London and Westminster, nor within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger, shall be paid or payable for or in respect of such beer or ale brewed as aforesaid by any common brewer,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24. [1793.

The drawback not to be granted for table beer above 6s. and tinder 13s. per barrel.

[Regulations of former laws extended to this act.

above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding thirteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duty, commonly called 'Table Beer-, any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the drawback of eight shillings, which is by law payable for every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty imposed in respect of such beer or ale (and hot being twopenny ale, mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, not being such beer or ale commonly called Table Beer brewed and made as first aforesaid), for which the duty by law imposed in respect thereof dial I have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, shall be no longer paid or payable for or in respect of such beer or ale brewed as aforesaid by any common brewer, above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty of excise, and not exceeding thirteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duty, commonly called Table Beer; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which are provided, settled, or established, in and by the said act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any other law or laws of excise, so far as the same respectively relate to common brewers of table beer, above six shillings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, or to such table beer as lad: aforesaid, or to beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, or are applicable to the purposes of this add, and which were in force immediately before the commencement of this act (except so far as the same are expressly altered or controlled by this act) shall be extended and applied to all common brewers of table beer above six shillings the barrel, and not exceeding thirteen shillings the barrel, and to such table beer as last aforesaid, and shall be practised, used, applied, and put in execution, in and for the purposes of this act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, directions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for separating the chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the parish of Crofton, in the county of Lancaster, and for making them two distinct parish churches.

Township of Chorley made a parish, and separated from the parish of Crofton. Tythes of Chorley and great tythes 01 Bretherton, Mawdefley and Bifpham, annexed to Chorley, and imall tythes, See. of Bretherton, Mawdefley and Bifpham to be paid to the incumbent of Crofton. Township of Rufford made a parish, and separated from the parish of Crofton. Tythes of Rufford annexed to Rufford. Doctor Master and his heirs to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 25, 2641

present to the redories of Chorley and Rufford. Vicar of Crofton discharged from all rights, See. belonging to Chorley and Rufford. Parsons of Chorley and Ruiford to' hold all the rights belonging to them. The parson of Chorley charged with the yearly payment of the fourth part of 45l. 14s. 4d. and the parson of Rufford with the yearly payment of the fifth part of 45l. 14s. 4d. to his Majesty. Twenty acres of land may be given to the parishes of Chorley and Rufford for glebe. Rufford intitled to the same share of charities as before passing this act. General saving.

CAP. XXV.

An act for paving the footpaths, within the borough of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said borough.

Commissioners. For chusing new of Commissioners to have twenty pounds a year real estate or personal estate to the amount of eight hundred pounds. Twenty pounds penalty on of acting while holding any place of profit under the ad, or being victuallers. Fourteen days notice to be given of first meeting. Adjournments and future meetings. Voting by bailot, if desired. Commissioners may lue and be sued in the name of their clerk. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commissioners to appoint a treasurer, surveyor and clerk. Officers to account.

Footways to be paved. Pavement not to be altered without content of the of Pavement, lamps, Sec. veiled in of Commissioners to provide lamps. See. and forty shillings penalty for wilfully breaking lamps, See. Commissioners to appoint watchmen. Sign polls, penthouses, &c. spouts and gutters to be taken down, and fixed against houses. Commissioners may make contracts. Inhabitants to dean the foot ways before their houses every Saturday, on penalty of two shillings and six-pence for every offence. Commissioners to appoint scavengers.

[Publick act.]

Five shillings penalty on causing annoyances in the streets, or leaving carriages, ruboifh, &c. there. Ten shillings penalty for leaving flails in the market place, or cellar windows open. Privies to be emptied between eleven at night and five in the morning. Recompence to be made for damage done to water pipes. Commissioners may purchase houses for widening streets, and in cal'e of difference, a jury to settle the price, and no inhabitant of Ludlow to be on the jury. How the money allowed foi* damages to be tendered. For paying the expences of the jury. If of do not purchase houses within six years, owners not afterwards obliged to fell. Purchase money of houses belonging to corporations, See. to be laid out in lands. Money subscribed to be paid to the of, and applied to pay the expences of this act and pave foot ways, See. Part of a common, called Whitclisse, and certain rights upon other lands, agreed to be applied for the purposes of this act, and the boundaries of the parishes on the common to be fixed. Commissioners may inclose the lands, and let the same. Commissioners may sell or exchange the lands, and lay out the money in purchase of other lands. Recovery of penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions, Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiffs not to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Limitation ot actions. General issue. Treble costs. Preserving the rights of the corporation of Ludlow. Corporation not exonerated from paving the carriage ways. Saving rights of lords of manors to trees on the common, and to manerial interests.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's flips of war, and on hoard merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels, during the present war.

[April 30, 1793.]

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his

[Preamble.]

Majests flips of war, and on board merchant flips, and other trading flips and vessels, during the present war, be it enacted by the

During the war trading ^efTcls may have three-fourths of the crew foreigners.

Act not to re (train the effect of any royal* proclamation, Sc c.

preamble.1

During the present war, any resident in Great Britain, supplying or causing to be!applied,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27.

[179-3.

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this present war, and no longer (except in respect to such merchant ships and other trading ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the determination of the war, who shall be and are hereby-allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship or veiled, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at leaf: of the mariners or seamen so employed be at all times natives, or his Majesty's naturalized subjects of Great Britain, (sudden death and hazard, and casualties of war and the seas, saved and excepted); one act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and cncreafng of shipping and navigation, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to take away or refrain the effect of any such royal proclamation as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's f tps of war.) and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships, and privateers.

CAP. XXVII.

An add more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous correspondence withy or aid or affjlance being given to, his Majesty's enemies.

[May 7,

WHEREAS it is expedient more effectually to prevent traitorous correspondence with, or aid or affijtame being given toy his Majesty's enemies, during the continuance of the present war between Great Britain and France; be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of the present war between Great Britain and France, if any person, residing or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and wilfully, on his own account or credit, or on the account or credit, or by the direction of any other person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or -being, fell, supply, or deliver, or fend for the purpose of being

fold.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27. 43

fold, supplied, or delivered, or agree to fell, supply, or deliver, &c. for the or to fend for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, to

or shall, knowingly and wilfully, either on his own account or pr; 1Ilcej credit, or on the account or credit, or by the direction of any any of the other person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or articles here-being, cause or procure to be sold, supplied, or delivered, or sent ^CI\vVt for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or authorise lienee from or direct any other person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident his Majesty, or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the purpose of to be deemed being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall knowingly and wilfully a tiaitor* aid or a/lift in lb felling, supplying, or delivering, or fending for the purpose of being to fold, supplied, or delivered, or in so authorising or directing any other person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, to or for the use of the persons now exercising, or who may hereafter, during the said war, exercise the powers of government in France, or to or for the use of any armies, troops, fleets, ships, or vessels employed or to be employed by the persons exercising, or who shall exercise, such powers of government as aforesaid, or to or for the use of any persons or person residing or being within any of the dominions of France, j or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise, as aforesaid, the powers of government in France; \or if any person residing, or being in Great Britain, shall knowingly and wilfully, during the said war, buy or procure, or contract or agree to buy or procure, or cause to be bought or procured, or authorise or direct, any other person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever residing or being, to buy or procure, or to contract or agree to buy or procure, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in buying or procuring, or authoring or directing to be bought or procured, as aforesaid, for the purpose of being sent into any port or place within the dominions of France, or annexed thereto, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise as aforesaid, the powers of government in France, any arms, ordnance, ordnance {lores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, mails, timber, sail cloth, cordage, coals, or salt petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether such iron, lead' or copper, shall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware, not being of the description of arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys, and trinkets, also excepted; or any naval or military {lores whatsoever, or any note or bill, notes or bills, of the governor and company of the bank of England., or any gold or silver builion, or any gold or silver coin, either being coin of this kingdom or of any other country, or any hay, draw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley flour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, pease, beans, potatoes, or any provisions fresh or faked, or other provisions, or victuals whatsoever, or any cloathing, or any articles or materials of cloathing, intended for the use of any such ar-

u mies.

Act not to extend to disposing of articles the growth or produce of France, to 'which persons shall he entitled at the patting this 2Uct, &c.

Any resident in Great Britain, buying any lands, &c. in France, or places annexed thereto, or lending money for that purpose, Sec. to fee deemed a iraitor

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27. [1793.

mics, troops, fleets, ships, or vessels, as aforesaid, such persons knowing the same to be so intended, or any fadlery, boots, or shoes, or leather wrought or unwrought, without licence from his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, first had and obtained, specifying the articles with respect to which the same shall be had and obtained, and also the place and places from which and to which the said articles shall be sent, every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also iofe and forfeit as in cases of high treason: provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to any pains or penalties any person for any act which shall be done in disposing of any articles the growth or produce of any lands in France, or in any of the places aforesaid, to which such person shall be entitled at the time of patting this act, or which shall afterwards come to such person by any other title than such as herein after by this act is prohibited; or to any act which shall be done in disposing of any of the articles herein before specified, which, at the time of patting this act, were in France, or in any of the places aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, residing or being in Great Britain, during the continuance of the said war, shall knowingly and wilfully, in his own name, or in the name or names of any other or others, buy, or enter into any contract or agreement to buy, or authorise or direct, or cause any person or persons whomsoever, and

wheresoever resident or being, to buy, or to contract or agree to buy, any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatsoever, situate, lying, or being within the dominions of France in Europe, or in any territory or place in Europe annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise, the powers of government in France, during the time such territory or place shall be so annexed, or under such government, or any estate in any such lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatsoever, or shall lend or advance, or authorise or direct, or cause or procure any other person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to lend or advance, any money, coin, builion, notes of the bank of England, or bills of exchange, or other notes or bills, or other valuable thing of any nature or kind soever, for, towards, or an account of the buying of any such lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatsoever, or any estate therein, or by way of loan or otherwise, on the specifick security of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property as aforesaid, or any estate therein, or for or towards or on account of the buying of any such security or estate, or shall be aiding or attifting in so buying as aforesaid, or in making, authorising, directing, or causing to be made, any such buying,

contract, agreement, advancement, or loan as aforesaid, every

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27. 45

such person so offending as aforesaid, being thereof convicted or

attainted by due course of law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also

lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason; and if any person, as also any

being a subject of his Majesty, and out of his Majesty's domi- subject of his

nions, shall in any such manner as aforesaid make, or authorise,

direct, procure or cause to be made, any such buying, purchase, donuni-

contract, agreement, loan, or advancement as aforesaid, or shall 0ns, who, on

aid or assist therein, and shall afterwards voluntarily return or his return to

come to Great Britain, ever} such person so returning, or coming

to Great Britain, being thereof convicted or attainted by due vj^ted. of such

course of law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a offence.

traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit,

as in cases of high treason.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Subject sgoing if any person, being, a subject of his Majesty, shall, during the continuance of the said war, without licence from his Majesty, prance with-under his lign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, out his Ma-first had and obtained (such licence to be subject to no fee or jetty's licence, charge whatsoever) voluntarily go or repair, or embark in any ^c* J.^ble to vessel with an intent to go or repair, from any place in Great "

Britain into France, or any town or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise, the powers of government in France, or, having obtained such licence as aforesaid, shall willingly abide in France, or any such town or place as aforesaid, after the time which shall be specified in such licence, if the same shall be granted for a limited time only, or shall voluntarily go or repair to any town, place, or district in France, or annexed to or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the powers of government in France, other than such towns, places, or districts, as shall be specified in such licence, if any town, place, or districts, shall be specified therein, every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Infur.inces. during the continuance of the said war, if any person residing or by par-being in Great Britain shall knowingly and wilfully insure, or [^Great^Bri-

cause or procure to be insured, ox aid or assist in insuring, or tain on ships

causing or procuring to be insured, or authorise or direct any belonging to other person or persons whatsoever, or wheresoever resident or France, or being, to insure, or to cause or procure to be insured, any ship go^g there

or ships, goods, wares, or commodities whatsoever, belonging to be void/

to any subject or subjects in France, or to any person or persons and the of-under the government of the persons exercising the powers of fenders liable government in France, on any voyage whatsoever; or any arms, ordnance, ordnance stores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, masts, timber, sail cloth, cordage, coals, or salt petre; or any iron, lead, or copper, whether such iron, lead, or copper, shall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware not being of the description of arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles,

japanned

but not to extend to insurance on goods the growth of Tobago, or on their voyage there, and the property of his Majesty's subjects.

Justices of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, Szc. may admit offenders to bail.

Where offences may be laid and tried.

Offenders entitled to the benefit of 7 Will. 3. c. 3. and

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27. [1793.

japanned wares, toys, and trinkets, also excepted 5 or any naval or military stores whatsoever; or, any gold or silver bullion; or any gold or silver coin, either being coin of this kingdom or of any other country; or any hay, straw, or forage; or any wheat, -wheat flour, barley, barley flour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats -ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, pease, beans, potatoes, or any provisions fresh or salted, or other provisions or victuals whatsoever; or any fadlery, boots or shoes, or leather wrought or unwrought, on any voyage, from any part of the world to any port or place in France, or any port or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising or who shall exercise the powers of government in jFrance, not only every such insurance final] be null and void to all intents and purposes, but also every person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding'three months: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any insurance on any goods, or any share or interest in any goods, being the natural growth and produce of the island of Tobago, or being on their voyage to the said island, and which goods, or share or interest in goods, so insured, shall at the time of such insurance be the property of any subject or subjects of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall be committed, for any offence against this act, to any common gaol or other place, there to remain until delivered by due course of law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the ju(fices of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of the degree of the coif, or for the lord justice clerk, or any of the commissioners of justiciary in Scotland, if, upon application made, he shall think it reasonable, to admit such person to bail, he or (lie giving sufficient security for his or her appearance to answer the matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence against this act, committed out of this realm, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in any county, {hire, or stewartry of this realm, and that any offence against this act committed within that part of Great Britain called England, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in in the county where such offence shall have been committed, or in the county of Middlesex; and that any offence against this act, committed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried, either before the court of justiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom; and that all and every person or persons, that shall at any time be accused or indicted, or prosecuted for any offence made or declared to be treason by this act, shall be intitled to the benefit of the act of parliament made in the seventh year of William the Third, intituled An act for regulating of trials in cases of treason, and misprifwn of treason;

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.

and also of the provillons made by another act of parliament passed in the seventh year of Queen Anne, intituled An act for improving the union of the Uvo kingdoms.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any abl which shall be done in his Majesty's service, by any person or persons who shall be employed therein, or to any act which shall be done in aiding or shifting any such persons or person whilst lo employed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take place and have commencement on the Wednesday next after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which shall be done by any person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any person who shall have been in Great Britain at any time after the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and during the continuance of this act; and shall take place and have commencement on the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which shall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and have commencement on the first day of Augifl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all acts which shall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Elope, by any person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and shall take place and have commencement on the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which shall be done in any parts of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who shall not have teen in Great Britain between the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this act, or any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, during this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, to he charged on the consolidated fund; and for making perpetual certain duties of excise on British spirits, and certain duties on the amount of offffed taxes.

[April 30, 1793.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary /applies which they have ch ear fully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament5

47

7 Ann. c.

Act not to extend to done in his Majesty's service.

Commencement of abu

Act may he repealed, or altered in the present leilkm-

[Preamble,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

Contributors for every 721, to be entitled to the principal sum of iool. 3 per cents, from Jan. 5, 1793.

28. [1793.

vieni, have resolved, That the sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities in the manner herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall, for every seventy-two pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred-pounds in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, which shall be added to, and made one joint stock, with the three pounds per centum annuities, consolidated by the acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption by parliament, as the said three pounds per centum consolidated annuities are payable, transferrable and redeemable.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds to be raised by annuities, and made depojits after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the respective fans by them so subscribed, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforeisaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors who have made such de-ma^c^Sete P°^lts) caftner or cashiers of the governor and company

their sub- of the bank of England, to advance and pay unto the said cashier feriptions at or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England^ the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed, towards the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, at or before the respective days and times appointed in that behalf, after the rates following; that is to say, After the rate of the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the thirty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; of the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of July then next following; of the further sum of ten pounds per centum., on or before the sixteenth day of August then next following; of the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-seventh day of September then next following \ of the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the eighth day of November then next following; of the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirteenth day of December then next following; and of the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Contributors who have

appointed times.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 49

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Guardians^it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the rnfants!^6 disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay.for

or towards advancing the said ftim of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this a£, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributors; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors every contributor in respect of the said sum of four millions five paying the hundred thousand pounds, paying in the whole of the sums by whole of their them respectively subscribed, at any time on or before the twelfth beforeDecn^, day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, 1793, to be shall be allowed an interest, by way of discount, after the rate of allowed dif-three pounds per centum per annum on the sums so paid in ad- count % vance, for completing his, her, or their contributions respectively, from the day of completing the same* to the twenty-fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the monies to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respetfeive contributors* their executors* administrators, successors and assigns* shall have completed such payment.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors the several subscribers or contributors towards raising the said for every 72l. sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, their execu- to he entitled tors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall, in respect of the^ from^ principal sum of one hundred pounds hereby granted for every jan. 5, 1793. entire sum of seventy-two pounds by him, her, or them respect payable half- tively advanced and paid, am! so in proportion for any greater or yearly. lefier sum, have and be intitled to an annuity after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of fc January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, umil redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after mentioned, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, file, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively; which said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, that is to say, on the fifth day of January*, and the fifth day of July^ in every year; the fir lb payment thereof to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three* but the said annuities shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

50 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. [1793.

Contributors

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-ceivVannui-6' ritY afore^a^5 That all and every such contributor, his executors, ties, at certain administrators and assigns, who shall have paid into the hands of times, as they the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or their contri-r°KT^-ete- bution money, on or before the fourth day of July one thousand

tub cnption8. seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be intitled to have and

receive at the bank of England the half year's annuity that shall become due on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and that all and every person and persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said

payments on or before the said fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, but shall have completed the same on or before the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall receive the said half year's annuity so due, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, at the same time and together with the subsequent half year's annuity that will become due and payable on the fifth of day January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four j and that all and every person and persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, on or before the said fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall, on completing the same at the time in this act prescribed, be then intitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity, from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fotir.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuitiespay- That the annuities by this adfc granted and made payable, in re-

Coi^fohdat^ed16 ^Pe<^ of- ^um four millions five hundred thousand

funcj# pounds, shall, from their commencement, be respectively charg-

ed and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the fund called T-he Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such lums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same.

Annuities payable and transferable at the bank.

Cashiers of the bank to give receipts for subscript-tions, which may be assigned before Dec. 16, 1793.

Accountant general of the bank to enter

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annuities aforesaid, in respect of the said four millions five hundred thousand pounds contributed as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid, and be transferable at the bank of England, and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England^ Vho shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums, and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon made at any time before the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer,

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 51

pany of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books in a book the shall be provided and kept, in the which names of the contributors towards raising the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand which may be pounds shall be fairly entered; in which book or books the said inspected'governor and company shall give credit for the principal sum of gratis, &c. bne hundred pounds for every seventy-two pounds advanced and paid, and so in proportion for a greater or JefTer sum; which book or books the said contributors; their respective executors, ad mini (haters, successors, and assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect, without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant general shall, on br before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any contributors who have already Contributors deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said cashier or ?ot complete cashiers, any sum or sums of money at the times and in the man- ptions Uto ner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by forfeit the'ir them respectively subscribed, in respect of the said sum of four deposits. millions five hundred thousand pounds, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, and shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or films so subscribed, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra- As foort as tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments subscriptions of the whole sums payable by them respectively, towards the said ^C<^n^et^9 sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, the principal tcTbe* sum or sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively shall carried to the forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, completing such payments respect wjlic^ may tively; and the persons to whole credit such principal sums shall be transferred#

So placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors and, assigns, shall and may have power to allign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum y and shall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adk, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein, mentioned#

Books to be kept by the accountant general for entering transfers.

52 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. f 1793;

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Annuities to That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities

be deemed hereby granted, in respect of the said four millions five hundred gerfonal estate. thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them,

shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not

be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers, of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall at all seasonable times be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in porper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in writing, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to he attefced by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities before mentioned, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

Annuities

XV. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share

may be devised or interest in the said stock of ^nnuites, granted in respect of by will, &c. the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, or any estate or' interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such {hare, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office, and that in default of such transfer or devise, such in a re or interest in the said stocks of annuities shall go to the executors, admin'istrators, fuc-Transfers not ceftors, and assigns; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be iiable to stamp charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the con -duties. trary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiftd, Contributors That such contribute s, towards raising the said sum of four mil-duly paying lions five hundred thousand pounds, duly paying the whole sums so.t^on s to receive ^u^Teribed, at or before the respective times in this act limited in their annui- that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, and ties out of the aftxgns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be irititled by virtue money hereby of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities granted, in respect to the sum so by them respectively liable to taxes, subscribed, out of the monies granted by this act for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof; and that the said several annuities {shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

1793 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.

XVII. And for the more easy and fare payment of all the several annuities established by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be lued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said hrft or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall, from time to tijme, inspect and exmine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds to be raised by annuities, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trull hereby in them repofedj'and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid, allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become intitled by virtue of this act, in respePc of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities, after the rate of

E 3 threQ

53

Bank to appoint cashier3, to whom the treasury shall order the money to be issued for payment of annuities, &c.

Cashiers to give security, and toaccount for monies received.

Annuities to be added to the joint stock of 3 per cent, consolidated annuities.

Monies paid into the exchequer maybe applied to services voted by the commons.

Out of the money subscribed, the treasury may discharge inci dental ex- peaces, &c.

Bank to continue a corporation till the Annuities grantc-l by this act be ttdeemed.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. [1793.

three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to and made part of the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum person-nuniy were, by several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in luck manner, and upon such notice, as in the said act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed in respect to the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever in proportion to the money to which he, flie, or they shall become inti tied as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intcrefl and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'Fhat it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the said cadherer cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies arising from the contributions or subscriptions towards raiding the said sum of four miliioas five hundred thousand pounds by annuities, or any part thereof,

any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cathier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions and subscriptions; and also shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable'for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiersfTor receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities, payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for performing the trufl reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the

' bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the lame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act until all the an-

a nuities

C3OOglC

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 55

nuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of Englandr, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or Penalty on gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma- persons taking jesty's subjects for receiving or paying the said subscription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning fictions or the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for paying an-any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance nuities, &c. of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And whereas, by an act pafifed in the thirty-firs year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for granting to 31 Geo. 3. 0.1. his Majesty additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, recited, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England\ and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for discontinuing^ for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the dif illation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regidating the exportation of Bnt\Qi-made spirits from England to Scotland, andfro?n Scotland ^England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited timey the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption9 and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better regulation of the making and vend- ing British spirits)yit was amongf other things enacted, Thaty from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied', collected and paid., to and for the uje of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several kinds of worts> wash, or other liquor therein-after mentioned, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home coiifumption, and for and in respeCi of spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought into that part of Great Britain called England, over and above all duties then imposed, for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein mentioned and expressed, (except as in the said recited act is particularly excepted)$ and it was by the said act further enaCiecf That all the monies arising or to arise by the rates and duties granted by the said act, and paid into the

E 4 receipt

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.

[1793«r

vcapt of his Majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with finch other rates and duties, as should be (and which were) granted by certain a Sis of the then session of parliament, for that purpose, be 0 fund for the payment and discharge of the principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of one million eight hundred and thriiy-three thousand pounds to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any att of the same fission of parliament, and which were raised by exchequer bills in pursuance of an act of the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, (in-eo*3'c*49* tiiuled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or ex-.

chequer bills for defraying the publick expence.s occufioned by the augmentation of his Majesty's forces, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with fiuch hit erf as should, by the said att be directed to be paid or made payable fur the said. principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds; and that upon payment of the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all interefi to become due thereon, or referring at the said receipt of exchequer so much money out of the said fund to be established as if ore said, as should be fijficicni to satisfy and discharge the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all inter efi as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by such act of the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign as aforesaid, the said rates and duties, by the said recited act imposed, should from. thenceforth cease and determine, and be no huger paid or payable:, j^and whereas by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his present Recited*°, C * Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned)., it was enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be ra; Jed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, upon every assessment to be made after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament then, in force, for or in respect of the fevered rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for the a fairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the gross amount of all the said former rates and duties charged by such afifef-meni, except as therein is except cd; and it yeas thereby farther matted, That all the monies arising or to arse by the rates and duties thereby imposed, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred andr ninety-two, should, together with such other rates and duties as of or esaid, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the whole of the said Jura of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised as aforesaid, and the same arc and fiand appropriated to the payment and discharge of the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, together with the inter efi, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the same, in pursuance of the said last recited act, and of the said att of the thirty-first

year

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 57

year of or esaid, for raising a sum of ?noney by loans or exchequer bills as aforesaid; and after payings or reserving fujfcient to pay, all such suns of money as aforsaid, in the manner directed by the said actsy the said laf recited rates and duties are from thenceforth to cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and whereas we, year Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, are defrous to make such permanent addition to the publick revenue as fall be adequate to the increased charge occassioned by the loan to be raised by virtue of this act; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Duties im-duties of excise imposed by the said hrft recited act, upon worts, posed by first wash, and other liquors brewed or made in England, for extract- J^fworts ing spirits for home consumption; and upon spirits made in Scot- made in land and imported into England; and also the said duties of ten England for pounds per centum, imposed by the said aupon the gross amount extracting of assessed taxes, lately above recited, (except as in the said feve- ^Tn^con-rai recited a£h, or any of them is particularly excepted 5 and also fumption, and except such of the said rates or duties under the management of upon spirits the commifuoners for the affairs of taxes as have been fmee repealed by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf), shall imported5into be, and are hereby respectively continued and made perpetual, England, and and shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; any duty of 10l. thing in the said several recited acts, or any of them, contained to per cent, im-the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the said duties hereby faVrecitedle continued and made perpetual, shall severally and respectively be act, madeper-paid and payable by such persons, at such times and in such man- petual. ner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were severally and respectively payable by law, under or by virtue of the said several adds, or any of them, or any other act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such parts of the said recited act, for raising a sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills as aforesaid, requiring the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue their or his orders to the respective commissioners of excise, or the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, for the determination of any of the said duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the same relate to the said duties, shall be, and are hereby re-

Such parts of 3i Geo. 3. c. 49. as require the treasury to blue orders for the determination of the duties hereby continued, reapealed.

pealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several rates Monies to be and duties by this act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, paid into the (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same ex- carried to cepted), when and as the same respectively shall take effedb by the consoli-virtue of this act, shall, from time, to time, be paid into the re- dated fund, ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money, so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, an4 made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund, and shall be added to the publick revenue for the purposes of this a£h

;, iOeo.3. c.a5« 2nd

3i Geo. 3. c.ai

incited.

Arts>r fxche-quer bills issued on the credit of the fund established by certain acts of 31 Geo. 3. shall be can -celled to the amount of 1, 833, 0001. &c. the money arising by the ft a nip but is imposed by the

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. [1793.

XXVII. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majestfs reign (intituled An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), it was enaRed., That, after setting apart, at the receipt of his MajeJIJs exchequer, at the end of each quarter of a year during the time in the staid aR mentioned, the sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds (as being one fourth part of the sum of one hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred pounds, the annual average produce of the respective rates and duties by the said aR repealed), to be carried to and made part of the said fund called The Consolidated Fund, the remainder of the duties granted by the said aR, and arrears of the duties thereby repealed^ should be a part of the said fund, established by certain aRs of the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, for the payment and discharge of the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds^ to* be raised by loans or exchequer bills in the manner before mentioned, together with such interest as should be directed to be paid or made payable for the same: and whereas, by an aR passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game), the several duties thereby granted were also made a part of the said fund for the payment and discharge of the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds^ Together with futh inter eft as aforesaid: and whereas the said several stamp duties (except such quarterly sums as aforesaid) are and Jland appropriated to the payment and discharge of the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, together with the interest, premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the same, in pursuance of the several aRs before mentioned, or some of them; and by the said several aRs it was provided that after paying or reserving fujfi-cient to pay the same, in the ?nanner by the said aRs directed, then from thenceforth all the money arising from the said several stamp duties should respectively be carried to, and made a part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund, and should from thenceforth be respectively applied in such manner as other duties on Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be applied, or as should thereafter be directed by any aR or aRs of parliament in that behalf; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, as soon as such exchequer bills, issued on the credit of the several rates and duties composing the fund herein-before mentioned, established by virtue of certain acts passed in the thirty-first year aforesaid, shall be set off to be cancelled to the amount of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, with the interest due thereon, and all charges incident to or attending the same, shall be paid, or money sufficient for those purposes shall be in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, all the monies arising or to arise of the said several stamp duties (after setting apart out of the said duties on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts or orders, and on receipts, the ium of thirty-two

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.' 59

thousand one hundred and fifty pounds at the end of each quar- two Uft re-ter, according to the directions of the said a, ft granting the said duties, and which quarterly sums shall continue to be so set apart the purposes so long as any annuities mall be payable by virtue of this act), of this act shall be relpeifively applied to the purposes of this act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies arising or to arise of the several rates and duties Surplus of the hereby continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, when and after the same respectively shall have taken effect by virtue of this act, may by ap-and of the several stamp duties herein-before mentioned, when plied as the and after the same respectively shall have become applicable to the consolidated purposes of this act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to defray the increased charge occasioned by the loan to be made by virtue of this act, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for that pi*rpose; and in case there shall be any remainder or surplus of the monies arising by the said rates and duties after defraying such increased charge, such remainder or surplus shall, until the same shall be specially appropriated by parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such uses and purposes as the monies composing the said fund called "The Consolidated Fund, may by law be applied.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Monies for authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising or to arise by the 10 years to be said rates and duties, or any of them, during the space of ten years exchequer^6 j?ext ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his and j^pt* Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from separate from each other and from all other branches of the publick revenues; other re. and that there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the audi- venues*

for of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and General issue. give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for the defendantor defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given againsi: him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble Treble costs* costs awarded to him, her, or them, againsi: any such plaintiff* or plaintiffs,

CAP. XXIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer billsy: to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein

mentioned — [Mav 8> 1793.]

L*Mod

enfury

to direct exchequer bilb to be made out to the amount of 5, coo, cool, agreeable to

60 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that your Majesty be enabled to direct exchequer bills, to the amount of five millions, to be issued to of, to be by them advanced, under certain regulations and restrictions^ for the afififtance and accommodation of finch perfions as shall be desirous of receiving the same, on due security being given for the repayment of the fans so advanced within a time to be limited: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-His Majesty thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Se^trSfury61* ^ng's most excellent majesty, by warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual, to authorise and impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of therp, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to cause or diredf any number of exchequer bills to be made out at his Majesty's exchequer, containing different sums of one hundred pounds, fifty pounds, and twenty pounds each, not exceeding inhe whole the sum of five millions, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this acct) as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand fieven hundred and ninety-three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same act (excut under this cent as herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authoris'd- by the said last- aft, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said.bills to be made out in pursuance of this act shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the rate of two-pence halfpenny per centum per diem, upon or

except as here in excepted.

Powers of 33 Geo. 3c.iT. to extend to exchequer bills made

The interest the bills shall bear, and the times of their being made payable.

in respect of the whole of the monies respectively contained therein; and that one fourth part of each class or denomination of such bills shall be made payable on the thirtieth day of September now next ensuing, one other fourth part thereof on the thirtieth day of December then next ensuing, one other fourth part thereof on the thirty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety*-four, and the refidug thereof on the thirtieth day of June then next ensuing j and that the principal sum contained in every such

a bill,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 61

bill, together with such interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the day of the date thereof, until the time by this act appointed for payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the days and times respectively appointed for the payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ex- Such bills not chequer bill to be made out by virtue of this act shall, after the to be received same hath been issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time

before the day on which such exchequer bill is hereby appointed^ap_ore to be paid, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with, any pointed for receiver or collector, in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or their pay-any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatever, due or payable to his ment> &c# Majesty, his heirs orfnccessors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate (otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such exchequer bill, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment), before the said day hereby appointed for payment thereof; nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said day of payment thereof, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such exchequer bill for ready money, before the said day of payment thereof, any thing in the said last mentioned act, or this act contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That John lord Sheffield in the Commission-kingdom of Ireland, fir Grey Cooper baronet, William Pudteney ers. esquire, Richard Muilman "Trench Chi five 11 esquire, sir John Sinclair baronet, John William Anderson esquire, Robert Smith esquire, Samuel Bofa?iquet esquire, Thomas Boddington esquire, William Manning

esquire, John Whitmore esquire, Francis Baring esquire, Edward Forjler esquire, William Raikcs esquire, Robert Darellesquire, Robert Barclay esquire of Southwark, Charles Grant esquire, Gilbert Lines esquire, Jeremiah Harman esquire, and James Brogden esquire, shall be and are hereby constituted of for advancing and lending to any body or bodies politick or corporate, or to the merchants, bankers and traders resident within the kingdom of Great Britain, upon the deposits and securities, and under the terms and conditions, and subject to the regulations herein mentioned, the exchequer bills to be made out in purfua-nce of this act; and the said of are hereby respectively required to execute the powers and authorities given them by this act, without any fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said com- Commission-midioners in this act named, before they enter upon the execu- ers to take the tion of the same, shall take an oath, before the chancellor of the following exchequer, or the master of the rolls, for the time being, which they or either of them are and is hereby authorised and required to administer, the tenor whereof shall be as follov/eth; (that is to say),

I A, B,

6i

Oath.

Commissioners may meet, appoint officers, administer oaths, &c.

Officers to take no other reward than their salaries.

Commissioners may examine upon oath persons willing to be examined, and receive depo-fitions made before magistrates.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the beji of my /

will faithfully and impartially execute the several powers and trusts vejled in me by an at7, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills, to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned, according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said of in this act named shall likewise take the same oath before the said two of^ who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of'appointed by this act shall have power to meet and lit from time to time, in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment; and they, or any seven or more of them, shall and may appoint and employ a secretary, and so many clerks, brokers, messengers, and officers, as they shall/think meet; and allow to such secretary, clerks, brokers, messengers, and officers, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, in writing under their hands, such reasonable salaries as the said of appointed by this act shall think meet; and shall and may also employ a solicitor, and allow to such solicitor such salary or re-..ward as the said of shall think reasonable for his care and labour; and shall and may give and administer to such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, and officers respectively, an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trusts reposed in them by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises; and from time to time, at their discretion, dismiss and discharge such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, messengers, and other officers, and appoint others in their place: and the said solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, and officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trusts in them several iy and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such service, other than such salaries or reward as the said of shall direct and appoint in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may by lawful to and for the said of, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impov/ered to examine upon oath dr affirmation (which oath or affirmation they, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to administer) all persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such matters and things-as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and also to receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, touching such matters or things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any justice of the peace of any county or shire, or any magistrate of any city, borough, or town corporate in Great Britain, where or near to which the person making such affidavit or deposition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said of appointed

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 63

pointed by this a ft, under the hand and seal of such justice or magistrate (which oath or affirmation every such justice or magistrate shall be and is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), provided that in every such affidavit or deposition there shall be expressed the addition of the party making such affidavit or deposition, and the particular place of his or her abode.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the lords of Treasury to of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are ffihe money hereby respectively authorised and required to issue and cause to c^a\^sfn be advanced all such sums of money, to such person or persons, the execution in such manner, and in such proportions, as the said commission- of this act; of ers appointed by this act, or any seven or more of them, shall, which an ac-by writing under their hands, from time to time, desire, out of j^j^before^any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majesty's ex- parliament, chequer, to be replaced in the manner herein after mentioned

which sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, without other account than before the lords of of his Majesty's treasury; and which money so to be issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament; but that an account of the said charges and expences shall be laid before both houses of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commission, if parliament shall be then fitting; and if parliament shall not be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, Persons giving upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the said com- fal[e evidence missioners respectively, or if any person or persons making any guilty of per* such affidavit or deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and jur* corruptly give false evidence, or shall in such affidavit or deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or alledge any matter

or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the day next after Commission-this act shall have received the royal afsent, the said commissioners to meet to ers, or any seven or more of them who shall have taken the said receive, or ap-oath as aforesaid, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper to receive^apperson for receiving, all such applications in writing as shall be plications in made to them from any body or bodies politick or corporate, or writing for from any merchants, bankers, or traders in Great Britain, forhej!0an

the loan and advance of money by exchequer bills as aforesaid; bills ^and^to and shall also then fix and appoint a day, not later than the certify the fourth day from the day of their first meeting as aforesaid, for amount im-taking into their consideration all such applications, and shall wanted^ meet together for that purpose, and shall proceed with all con- e*venient dispatch so ascertain the amount of the sums in exchequer

Treasury to direct the exchequer to issue bills agreeably to

64 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

quer bills which in their judgement will be immediately, requisite to be advanced under this aX, in pursuance of applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such amount to the lords of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, by one or more certificate or certificates, under the hands and seals of the said of, or any seven or more of them; and the said lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, on receipt of such certificate or certificates, direx the proper officer or officers at the said exchequer to deliver out, in certificates of the manner and under the regulations herein after mentioned, ex-fioners11131* chequer bills, in equal proportions, as nearly as may be, of bills payable at the different periods specified in this aX, to the amount specified in such certificate or certificates, in case the same shall not exceed the value of one fourth part of the exchequer bills to be issued in pursuance of this aX; and in case the amount specfi fied therein as aforesaid shall exceed such fourth part, then to such amount as the said lords of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, on a statement of the causes to them or him to be made by the said of appointed by this aX, deem expedient, and shall diredh

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of appointed by this aX shall, and they are hereby required, before any apportionment of such exchequer bills shall be made, to cause all the applications then delivered to be clafied, according to the amount of the sums respectively applied for, and the nature of the securities tendered, and the circumstances, situation, and connexions of the parties applying, as far as the same shall ap-

Commissioners to cause applications to be classed, and to establish regulations for apportioning the sums to be

advanced, &c. pear upon the said applications, and thereupon to draw up and establish such general rules and regulations for their own government in the apportioning and distributing the sums to be ad->-vanced and lent in exchequer bills under this act, to the several persons applying fora the same, as they in their discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which rules and regulations shall, within a convenient time, be entered in a book or books to be prepared and kept by such of for that purpose: and the said of appointed by this aX, according to the true purport and meaning of such general rules and regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their consideration all such applications which shall specify the particulars of the sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any case less than the sum of four thousand pounds, and which shall tender any security which the said of are authorised by this aX to take for the payment of the sums to, be advanced, and which shall also specify the nature and amount thereof and from time to time, on enquiry into the same respectively, shall determine what persons shall in their judgement be entitled to any part of the exchequer bills to be advanced or lent under this aX, and to what amount, and shall ascertain the nature and amount of the securities to be required from them for the same respectivelyj and that all such exchequer bills shall be distributed in

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.

6;

such proportions, according to the respective sums and periods of payment expressed therein, that the repayment thereof to be made on each loan may be made as nearly as may be by equal in-bailments.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-appointed by this act shall deliver to ail persons to whom any of ers to 8ive ta the said exchequer bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the ^Q^ bills said of, a certificate or certificates, under the hands f]la]i be ap-and seals of two or more of such of, specifying the portioned, amount of the sums to be advanced and lent, to be respectively ^be^moimt0^ numbered and marked in the course and order in which the same wiqcb pia]ibe shall be delivered; which certificate or certificates, being de- sufficient war-posited with the proper officer or officers, shall be a sufficient au- rant for their thority, without other warrant, to such officer or officers to de- delivery, liver such exchequer bills to the like amount and value as shall be described in and by such certificate or certificates of such of, provided that the total amount to be blued by virtue of such certificates shall not at any one time exceed the amount of exchequer bills directed to be issued by the lords commissioners of the treasury, as herein mentioned; and every such Bills to bear exchequer bill shall bear date on the day on which the same shall date when be issued, and shall and may be signed by the auditor of the re- 1 ue*ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the same, with the approbation of the lords of of the treasury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them; and the said Commission-commissioners appointed by this act shall have power and autho- ers nmY a^er rity from time to time to revise and alter such rules and regula- regir a 10ns' tions as aforesaid, as they shall see occasion; but that no such revision or alteration shall be valid, unless agreed to at a board of the said of, confiding of eleven or more of them, convened upon three days notice for that purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said of, Commission-or any seven or more of them, shall fix and appoint proper and ers may ap-convenient days for taking into consideration (rich applications as point days for shall from time to time be made to them, not being in any case appiicati'ons for less than the sum of four thousand pounds as aforesaid, and from time to shall ascertain the amount of such exchequer bills as shall be re- time, Sec. and quired to be from time to time issued for the purposes of this act, the treaim y and by like certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, certify the ^the^bills same to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or the to^itrued, lord high treasurer for the time being, who shall and may, on &c<? receipt thereof, direct further exchequer bills to be issued to such

amount, from time to time, as the exigency of the case shall, in their or his judgement, require to be issued, in equal proportions, as nearly as may be, of bills, payable at such of the different periods specified in this act as shall be subsequent to the time when such issues shall be to be made respectively, until the whole of the bills to be made out in pursuance of this act shall have been issued for the purposes aforesaid and the said of by this act appointed shall, from time to time, proceed to determine to what

Account of bills payable on Sept. 30, 1793, Dec. 30, 1793, and March 31,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

amount such exchequer bills shall be advanced to the persons reflectively applying for the same under this act, and shall grant certificates thereof to the proper officer or officers, at the said receipt of the exchequer, in such form, and under the like rules and regulations, as are he rein-before mentioned concerning the exchequer bills to be first issued as aforesaid; and such officers shall, from time to time, deliver such exchequer bills in the form and in the manner before directed.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case all the exchequer bills, authorised by this act to be issued, and directed to be respectively made payable, either on the thirtieth day of September now next ensuing, the thirtieth day of December then next ensuing, or the thirty-first day of March one thousand

issued from the said

to be made out in lieu thereof, <Scc.

then issued^o seven hundred and ninety-four, shall not be be delivered exchequer in pursuance of this act before such days respectively, to the trea- the proper officer or officers at the said exchequer shall from time fury, who may to time deliver an account of the same to the lords of treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and it shall and may be lawful for the said lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to direct a like number of exchequer bills to the same amount to be made out at the said exchequer, in lieu of the bills not issued there as aforesaid; and that the same shall be made payable, in equal proportions, as near as may be, upon the several days then to come, on which exchequer bills are by this at direted to be made payable, and shall be issued and applied in like manner, and to the like purposes, as the exchequer bills, in lieu whereof the same are to be made, are by this at direted to be issued and applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such officers by whom such exchequer bills shall be delivered shall, from time to time> upon the requisition of the said of hereby appointed, deliver to them, at their office, complete lifts of all the exchequer bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective dates and sums expressed therein, and the periods appointed for the payment of the same, and distinguisffing therein the persons to whom, and the numbers of the certificates by virtue whereof, the same were ifilled respecti vely.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons to whom any such exchequer bills shall be advanced

vanced to en- or lent> previously enter into such security, in such sum or

ter into (ecu- sums of money, and with such sureties, or such deposits of goods, rity, &c. as the case may require, and the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall deem necessary; which securities the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall by their discretion have full power and authority to cause to be taken as herein after is mentioned; and that every security to be taken in pursuance of this act, as well of the principal party as of such sureties respectively, shall be by writing obligatory to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as shall be directed by such of, or any seven or more of them,

by

Lifts ofexche quer bills made out, to be delivered to the of.

Persons to whom bills shall be ad

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29, 67

by virtue of this act, to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words as obligations to the King's majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written, as by such of shall be deemed proper $ and that all such obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the law, and shall be of the same quality, force, and effect, to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the now King, or his predecessors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be; any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all securities which How fectnd-shall be entered into by the person or persons to whom and to tl.es shah be whose account any such exchequer bills shall be advanced, shall &lV€n> c* be made in such sum, not less than double the amount of the principal sums contained in such exchequer bills, as the said of, or any, seven or more of them, shall in their discretion direct; and that in every such case, if the party or parties shall enter into such security, without any surety or sureties, then such party or parties shall, over and above such security, deposit or cause to be deposited in the custody of the said of, or of such persons as they shall appoint, by writing under the bands of the said of, or any two or more of them, wares or merchandizes, of the proper goods of such party or parties, or in his or their possession and disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specifick interest, to a certain amount, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of such of,

(the duties of customs and excise payable upon the same, in case any such duties shall by law be payable upon such goods, being first duly satisfied, and which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said of, or such person or persons as they shall appoint), bearing a proportion, not less than is herein after mentioned, to the value of the principal sums so to be advanced, and which wares or merchandizes shall be delivered to the said of, or to such persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such place or places, herein after mentioned, as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, and shall be secured and kept in proper warehouses at such places respectively, to be approved of by the said of, or any seven or more of them, under such regulations as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall prescribe, and such wares and merchandizes shall not be liable to be attached or seized, or removed or taken from or out of the custody of the said of, by any process either in law or equity, or by the custom of the city of London, or other place in this kingdom, or by or under any commiihon of bankruptcy not actually issued at the time when such deposit shall be made, unless the principal sums contained in such exchequer bills, as shall be advanced or lent on the security of the said wares or merchandizes together with such interest as shall be directed to be paid by this act, shall be first paid or satisfied at the times or in the manner herein after

F 2 mentioned,

79 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.

[179?.

spectively, and to cause all such wares or merchandizes, or the respective packages containing the same, to be numbered, marked, weighed, or taken an account of, in such manner, and from time to time, at such times as the said of shall deem necessary, so as to avoid any damage or loss to the respective proprietors thereof by reason of such depgfits; and it shall be in the discretion and power of the said of, or any seven or more of them, to make all necessary regulations from time to time for the receipt, safe custody, and delivery out of such wares and merchandizes deposited in such warehouse or warehouses, or other places, and from time to time to permit the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or their respective agents or factors, or other persons duly authorised, to inspect, examine, and take reasonable fampies of the same, provided that upon the application of the proprietor or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes deposited under this act, and upon proof made before the of, or any seven or more of them, or before such person or persons as they shall appoint, but nevertheless'to the satisfaction of such of, of the expediency of re-deli-vering the same to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their assignee or assigns, for the purpose of trade, before the films advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied; and upon a tender of such security for the due payment thereof as is herein mentioned, or of other goods of equal value, to be deposited in like manner, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, in their discretion, to change order deposits ^ie i"ecui'jty for such loan, and to direct and order such wares and to be re-de- merchandizes to be re-delivered to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their assignee or assigns, on depositing other goods as aforesaid, or giving such security as by this act is directed to be taken for the payment of all the principal sums advanced and lent on the fit id wares and merchandizes, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such interest for the same as by this act is limited, at the respective days or times appointed for payment of the same: and further, that where any payment of the said principal sums, with imereff, shall have been duly made on or before the day appointed for payment thereof, the said of, or any seven or more of them, upon the application of the tPYo ProPriet°r or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes deposited be re-driver- as aforesaid, his, her, or their assignee or assigns., shall direct and

and may change securities, and

ljvered

and on payment of principal and in-tcrelt may order a pro-

rd.

order a part of such wares and merchandizes, the estimated value whereof shall, as nearly as conveniently may be, in the judge-? merit of such of, bear the same proportion to the estimated value of the whole, which such principal sum so repaid shall bear to the whole of the principal sums advanced and lent on any such wares and merchandizes, to be re-delivered to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their assignee or assigns, and so from time to time, on every such respective installment being so paid and satisfied, on or before the day when the same shall respectively become payable - and in like manner shall re-deliver the whole

3 f such wares or merchandizes^ on payment of all the

: principal sums advanced!

1793 3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 7l

advanced and lent thereon, together with interest; and that upon producing the certificate or certificates of the said of, or any two or more of them, with the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England thereunto annexed, signifying the payment thereof as aforesaid, the officer or officers having the care of such wares or merchandizes shall deliver out of the ware-house or warehouses, or other places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the whole or so much of the said wares or merchandizes as shall be mentioned or expressed in such certificate or certificates of such of.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Where per-cases where a permit shall be required by law for the removal of mi?s

any wares or merchandizes from place to place within this king- t^Cy dom, such permit shall be required in all cases for the removal of shall be re-the like wares or merchandizes to or from any warehouse or quired for re« warehouses to be provided or used under the authority of this act. movaI of hhe

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the person or persons depofidng or causing to be deposited any Persons dewares or merchandizes under this act, shall, at his and their pro- pofiting wares per charges, if required so to do by the said of ap- toinfurethem, pointed by this act, cause the same to be insured from any loss by cj0^by the fire, for and during such time as the said wares or merchandizes commission-shall be deposited in any warehouse or warehouses, or other place, ers.

in pursuance of this act, for such sum or sums of money, and with such person or persons, as the said of shall direct or approve.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the principal sums Principal sums contained in the exchequer bills which shall be advanced or lent

by the said of under the authority of this act shall be terc-tt, to be repaid, without deduction or abatement, together with interest repaid by in-for the same, by installments, as herein after is mentioned; (that bailments, and is to say), the principal sum in each and every exchequer bill shall be repaid to the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England niifHontrs at their office, together with interest for the same, at and after may order a the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, by the space of Part of the fifteen days at least before the time when each such exchequer deposits to be bill shall become payable, according to the provisions of this act, such interest to be computed on the said principal sum from the date of such exchequer bill to the time of payment thereof; and if any default shall be made by any person or persons in the payment of any such sum or sums. of money within the respective times herein-before limited for payment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of hereby appointed, or any seven or more of them, by any warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to cause so much as they ill a] 1 think necessary of the wares and merchandizes deposited or being in any such warehouse or warehouses, or other places, by or on account of such defaulter or defaulters, as a security for such payment, such wares and merchandizes not bearing a greater proportion to the estimated value of the whole than the sum so due and in arrear shall bear to the

F 4 whole

ioid.

Produce of depoiits so

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

whoje sum advanced on the credit of such wares or merchandizes, to be appraised and sold at publick audfion to the highest bidder, under such terms and conditions of sale as such of {kail direct, for and towards satisfying such part of the sums advanced on such wares and merchandizes as shall be then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and with such costs and charges attending such sale, as shall be allowed by the said of; and the money arising from such sale shall be forthwith paid to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, towards satisfying the sum or sums directed by such commission-lo tic ers to |; )e rajfec] thereby, and the residue thereof shall be reserved

at the said bank of England, and carried to the account of future payments to be made by such defaulter or defaulters, if any shall remain to be made, and the overplus (if any be, after satisfying all Anns advanced on such wares or merchandizes, with the interest, costs, and charges as aforesaid) to be paid to such defaulter or defaulters, or such other person or persons as shall appear to such of to be entitled to the same, or such person or persons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive In case of de- the same: and further, that in case any such default shall be

fruit111 due made, and no wares or merchandizes shall be deposited with the

where depo of, or that the same shall be found, or shall befits have not come insufficient in value to satisfy the whole of the demand

been made, the from such defaulter or defaulters, it shall also be lawful for the

of of, and they are hereby required, without further sureties to be to issue their warrant or warrants, from time to time, to

the proper officer or officers of the crown having the direction or management of proceedings upon obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers presently to proceed against all or any of the persons who shall have entered into any security for the sum advanced, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and administrators, for the recovery of such parts of the sums advanced on such securities as shall be then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and charges attending such proceeding as shall be by law payable for the same; the amount of which principal sums so to be levied the said of shall cause from time to time to be testified by their note in writing, under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which sum shall be inserted in the writ or process, and the like process shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as occasion shall require; and the sums so recovered (the costs and charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England., without abatement, deduction, or delay, in satisftuftion of such demands; and it shall be in the fiifcretion of the said of to diredd against which of the obligors in such security such proceedings shall be from time to time commenced or prosecuted; and the said of shall have the controul and superintendance of such prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, quashed, or abated upon any pretence whatever, without the authority of the said of, testified under the hands and seals of any two or more of

proceeded against, &c.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 73

of them, and exhibited to, the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, or to the court of exchequer in Scotland, as the case may require.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That In proceedingsvhere any proceeding shall be directed by the said of against obli-as aforesaid against any of the obligors or obligor named in any ofire facias such obligation, no writ or writs of Scire facias shall be required requisite> &c. to be issued, but that upon the production of the warrant or warrants of the said of as before mentioned, before any

of the barons of the said respective courts of exchequer, and in case such intended proceeding shall be against any sureties or surety, then upon proof of notice having been served upon such party or parties, or left at his or their usual place or places of abode respectively, ten days at least before such application shall be made to such baron, an extent shall and may issue in the first 0 process upon the fiat of such baron without any affidavit, or other verification or proof of the cause of such proceeding, than such warrant or warrants as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the due payment After duepay-of the sums advanced, with interest as aforesaid, at the times and ment of Aims in the manner herein specified, every such obligation entered in- fnt^eftC obU to in pursuance of this act, being fully satisfied according to the gations'to be true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forthwith delivered cancelled.

up to be cancelled: and in case any such obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this act, the said of, or any two or more of them, shall, by their warrant or warrants, direct the proper officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer to enter up satisfaction on such obligation or obligations so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the case may require.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Installments

payment of any of the installments of the sums advanced by he paid

virtue of this act may be made either in money or in any of the m rpone>r> 01 exchequer bills to be issued by virtue of this act, which shall ps payable have become due at the time of such payment, or which shall be not later than payable at a period not later than fifteen days next after the day lS days appointed by this add for the payment of such installment, in thereatter* discharge of which such exchequer bills shall be paid.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it Commission-shall and may be lawful for the said of appointed thorise^he1"'this act, by writing under the hands and seals of any seven or to em-more of them, to authorise the cashier or cashiers of the bank of ploy monies England to employ any monies which shall be paid as aforesaid in paid, in pur-the purchase of any bills which shall be payable at the period then

next ensuing, and shall write thereon, in words at length, the day of the month and year in which he or they so purchased such bills, to which respective days the said cashier or cashiers shall be allowed the interest upon his or their paying the same into the receipt of exchequer as aforesaid; provided that no interest shall fun or be paid upon or for any such bills during the time they

{hail

After payment of sums advanced by the of, obligations with sureties to stand as fur-

poses herein mentioned

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

shall remain in the hands of such cashier or cashiers, but for such time the intereil on every such bill shall cease.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every obligation with any sureties or surety to be taken according to this act, after payment or recovery thereupon by the said of of the sums advanced or lent, with all interests and colls, in the manner required by this act, shall Hand and remain as a further security for the purposes and in the manner herein after mention-ther securities ed, (that is to say), if any surety or sureties upon such obligation, for the pur-. his, her, or their executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any part of such sums, interest, or colls, then such obligation, as against the principal obligor or obligors, his or their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall Hand as a security as aforesaid for the reimbursement to such sureties respectively, their executors or administrators, of the whole of the sums so paid or satisfied, and so from time to time, until such reimbursement shall be fully made, according to the intent of this act; and if any such sureties or surety, their or his executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a sum which shall bear a greater proportion to the whole of the sums recovered upon such obligation than the sum for which such surety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the total amount of all the several sums of money for which all the several sureties shall have been bound by such obligation, then such obligation, as against each and every of the sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal proportion of the whole sum recovered, according to the sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their heirs, executors, and administrators respectively, shall {land as a security for the benefit of such sureties or surety, their executors or administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such sums as aforesaid, for the purpose of enforcing a contribution amongst such sureties, in an equal proportion to the several sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from time to time, until such contribution shall be fully Commission- made according to the intent of this act; and that in every such ers may order caf05 Upon the application of any sureties or surety to the said ties To beUrt" Commissioners for any of the purposes aforesaid, the said com-adjlisted, and missioners shall cause the respective claims of such sureties or process to be surety respectively, and the sums to be recovered from such prin-issued for re- c{pals or sureties respectively, their and every of their heirs, exe-coveiy ere- cutors^ or administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole sum recovered shall be distributed

in an equal proportion.

according to

the sums for which each

surety respectively shall have been bound in the same obligation, and so from time to time as the case shall require, and thereupon the said of, or any seven or more of them, by warrant or warrants in writing under their hands, shall from time to time direct process to issue for the recovery of such sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such persons respectively as they shall specify in such warrant or warrants, under and subject to the several regulations and directious in this act contained as aforesaid.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 75

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such process as Process may aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such obligation as aforesaid, against any such principals or principal, their or his {he benefit of heirs, executors or administrators, for the benefit of any such sureties, &c. sureties or surety, their or his executors or administrators,

and against any such sureties or surety, their or his heirs, executors, or administrators as aforesaid, for the benefit of any co-sureties or co-surety, their or his executors or administrators, notwithstanding the whole sum which shall have been advanced to such principals or principal shall have been repaid; and in case any sureties or surety shall become bound, by distinct obligations or obligation, for the same persons or person, and for or on account of the same advancement, all and every the provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like manner as well for the benefit of as against such sureties or surety, and against such principals or principal, as if all such sureties and principals respectively were named in the same obligation.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all wares and mer- Depositstobe chandizes deposited with the said of, under the au- vetted in the thority and for the purposes of this act, shall be for such purposes ^sm^o°ma vested in the said of by the name of The Co?n?ii]sioners fu^andbe1^ for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, and that the said commission- sued in the ers shall and may sue and be sued in the name of their secretary name of their for the time being, and that no a6lion or suit in law or equity to ft'cietaiy*

be brought or commenced by or against the said of on account of this act, in the name of their secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such secretary, or by the act of such secretary without the consent of the said of; but the secretary to the said of for the time being shall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such action or suit as the case may be; and no action or suit shall be brought against the said of, collectively or individually, or against their secretary, except in one of the said courts of exchequer, and with the leave of such court first had and obtained, and upon such terms and conditions as the said courts shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all acts, matters, Seven com-and things which the said of appointed by this act are missioners hereby required or authorised to do or execute, shall and may be ma^ a<* done and executed by any seven or more of them, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the governors and Bank to open directors of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby re-,

quired, to open an account in their books with the commission- missioners ers hereby appointed, under the title of Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, and carry to the credit of such account the several monies by this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank; and whensoever the said of shall have Commission-advanced or lent any of the exchequer bills to be made out in ^r^'fic^t^of pursuance of this act to any person or persons, the said com- bil'sadvanced snifiioners shall, at same time before the sums contained therein / ' shall

yS Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

shall be to be repaid, deliver to such person or persons, at his or their request, one or more certificate or certificates under their hands, specifying the value of every such exchequer bill, the respective dates thereof, and the times when they respectively Bank, on pro* will become payable by virtue of this act; and the said calibers of such^ertifi- t1fle bankb or one °*" them> shall, upon the production of such last mentioned certificate or certificates, by the space of fifteen days or more before such exchequer bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the person or persons producing the same the

cates, to give receipts for the principal

sums therein mount 0y principal sums contained therein, to: contained, and r, n i

aether with interest.

such interest, to be computed from the date thereof to the time of payment as aforesaid, and at the foot of such last mentioned certificate or certificates acknowledge the receipt of the said mo-When money nies; and that whensoever the said of shall, by their shall be levied warrant or order, have directed such monies to be raised or levied

fflecof(!i' by sale of any wares or merchandizes deposited by virtue of this posits, &c. the L.J r - 1 c

of ac-T or by any proceedings on any securities taken by virtue thereof,

to deliver to in default of such payment as aforesaid, the said of* shall deliver to the officer or officers executing the same respectively a like certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the amount of the monies to be so raised or levied, and the substance of such

warrant or order to raise <?r levy the same; and the said cashiers

bank to give a of the bank, or any one of them, shall, upon the production of the officer a like certificate, on production of which, the

receipt for the money.

of, which shall be a discharge.

such last mentioned certificate, accept and receive from such officer or officers the monies so raised or levied in satisfaction of the payments whereof default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the foot of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said Receipts to be monies, without fee or reward; and every such receipt shall be entered and afterwards brought to the office of the said of hereby attefledlby the appointed, and by them entered in proper books, to be provided rrtmmi and kept for that purpose, and the said of, or any two

or more of them, shall attest the same under their hands, and return the same to the person or persons producing the same at the said office; and every such receipt so attested, and every such entry in any of the said books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an acquittance and discharge for the sums expressed therein to have been received, as against the said of, and every of them, their and every of their executors and administrators, as well to the person or persons to whom such receipts shall be given, as to all and every the persons who shall have entered into any security in respect of the exchequer bills mentioned in such certificate to which such receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their heirs, executors, and administrators respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every firm and sums of money which shall be paid into the bank of England, under or by virtue of this act, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other monies and that there shall be provided and and kept apart kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer a from other book or books, in which all the monies paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act shall be entered, separ^te and apart from all

other

Money paid into the bank to be, from time to time, paid into the exchequer,

monies, and to be subject

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 77

other monies paid into the said receipt upon any other account to the uses

whatever; and that all the monies To paid into the said receipt byPec

+virtue of this act shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first place, for paying off and discharging all the exchequer bills to be made out by virtue of this act, with such interest as shall be payable thereon at the respective days and times, and in the order and course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such exchequer bills, and interest thereon as aforesaid,

shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first monies that shall arise in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer accordingly; and after paying off and discharging the same, in the next place to pay off all the charges and expences which shall be incurred by the said of hereby appointed in carrying this act into execution, and to make good all such sums as shall have been blued to the said of out of the publick monies towards the said charges and expences, in pursuance of the orders of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, according to the directions of this act, and also to pay and satisfy all charges and expences incident to or attending the making out such exchequer bills; and if any surplus shall remain of the monies paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, after satisfying the several sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such surplus shall be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the several days Treasury to and times on which such exchequer bills are, hereby directed to causeaccounts be discharged, that is to say, on the thirtieth day of September ^cheq^?1 ° next ensuing the passing of this act, the thirtieth day of December bjns when then next ensuing, the thirty-first day of March one thousand payable, and seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth day of June then the money next ensuing, or within ten days after such days respectively, the lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, charge them* or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect account in writing to be taken, and attested by the proper officers, of all the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this act, which shall become payable on the respective days and times before specified, and of the monies which shall then be in the said receipt applicable to the paying off and discharging the same; and if the money which shall have arisen in Anyde the said exchequer for or on account of the payments to be made cy to be made by the bank of England by virtue of this act, on the respective the

periods before-mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the consolidated whole principal and interest due as aforesaid on the several exche- fund, quer bills to be ifluedjn pursuance of this act, then such deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the aids or Supplies which shall have been or shall be granted in this or any subsequent session of parliament; and in case the monies anting from such aids or Supplies shall not at that time be sufficient for that purpose, then all the said exchequer bills,

78

Monies issued out of the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Monies afterwards paid in pursuance of this act to be applied towards replacing deficiencies.

Bank may advance money on the credit of this act.

Commissioners to give an account of their proceed, ings to the treasury.

Major part of of may

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29'.

[1793.

remaining undischarged, with the interest and charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as at any time or times, after any such deficiency shall happen* shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fund called The Consolidated Fund, (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf), and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied from time to time, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such re-maing exchequer bills, interest, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said consolidated fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be hereafter granted in parliament, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That whatever monies shall be afterwards paid by the bank of England into the said receipt in pursuance of this act, shall be applied towards replacing the monies before issued of the said aids or supplies, or out of the said consolidated fund, as the case may be; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this act, any lum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five millions; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign King William and Queen Mary, (intituled An act for granting to their Majesties fever a I rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recompences and advantages in the said act me?itioned to such persons as shall voluntary advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, toivard carrying on the war agai?ift France), to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said of hereby appointed shall from time to time at their discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any proceedings by virtue of this act, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further requiftion, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said of appointed by this act shall decline to act in the execution of the powers and trusts hereof, or, having begun to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. 79

act, shall decline to act any further therein, or shall depart this fill up vacan-life during the continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful ^7* to and for the remaining of, or the major part of them, collfent Gf^acting as aforesaid, by any writing under their hands and seals, by treasury. and with the consent and approbation of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or of for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioner or of so refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying, as aforesaid, as the said acting of, or the major part of them, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such case shall happen; and the person or persons so constituted and appointed by the said of, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act, by taking and subscribing the oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this act unto the said commissioner or of courtituted by this act respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Persons ad-lawful for all persons, bodies politick or corporate, advancing any vj*nc»ng ex-of the exchequer bills to be issued by virtue of this act by way of mavchar^ loan to any persons who may be willing to accept such exchequer 5 p'er Genu bills, valuing the same at the sum which shall be expressed there- interest. in respectively, together with such interest as may have accrued thereon at the time of advancing such loan, to charge and receive interest for such loan, at the rate of five pounds per centum per aumnn; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Commission-sioners shall and may receive and fend all their letters and er? may r(-r packets free from the duty of portage, provided that such letters ^te^s'ffee A and packets as shall be sent to the said of be direct- ofpostage. ed to the commissioners for the issue of exchequer bills at their office, and that all such letters and packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said office, and shall be signed, on the outside of such letters and packets, by such person as the said of, with the consent of the lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such restrictions and regulations as the said of of the treasury shall think proper and direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any wares or mer- Deposits not chandizes sold by publick sale by way of auction, under the au- liable to the thority of this act, shall and may be sold free of the duty imposed au&*on duty, upon sales by auction.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any actions, thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, until four-? teen days notice thereof, in writing, shall have been given to the secretary for the time being of the said of, nor after a sufficient satisfaction or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next

So

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Persons counterfeiting cer-lificates, &c. guilty cf felony.

Commencement of ad.

Affirmations may be administered.

Act may be altered or repealed in this session.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

after the fast committed; and every such action shall be brought in the said respective courts of ^exchequer, and, shall be laid in the county of Middlesexor city of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the defandant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may plead the general blue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a ver-dist shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any certificate or certificates of the said of by this act appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any receipt or receipts to be given by the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, in pursuance of this act; or shall wilfully deliver to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for the time being, or to any officer appointed by him, or to the said of by this act appointed, or any of them, or to any officer or officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the execution of the powers of this act; or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomsoever, then and in every such case all and every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence from and immediately after the same shall have received the royal assent;

L. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath may be administered by^this act, it shall be lawful to administer an affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be puffed in this present session of parliament.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 30. 81

CAP. XXX.

An act for the letter preventing forgeries and frauds in the transfers of the federal funds transferrabk at the bank of England. —

[April 30, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws now in being have been found infuffi* dent to prevent forgeries and frauds in the transferring flock's, annuities, and other publick funds, transferrable at the bank of England: and whereas, for the better preventing such forgeries and frauds in future, it is necessary that further provision should be made, as well to prevent frauds praffifed by persons taking upon themselves to make transfers, in the books of the governor and company of the bank if England, of flock or annuities, or other funds, transferrable as aforesaid, whereof such persons are not the true owners and proprietors, as to prevent forgeries of such transfers in the names of the true owners or proprietors: and whereas it is also necessary, the better to prevent such forgeries and frauds, that the publick accounts between the governor and company of the bank of England and the several owners and proprietors of flock, annuities, and other funds, transferrable at the bank of England, should be secured from falsification by means of false entries therein, or of the alteration of the words or figures thereof or by any other ways or means whatsoever; may it therefore please your Majesty that may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Persons m.ak-day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three* if any !n£ or assisting

j j^ % j / j \\\ marine

person or persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any transfers "of transfer of any interest, part, or share of or in any stock or stocks, flock in any annuity or annuities, or other funds, transferrable at the bank of other names England, in any of the books of the said governor and company Q^g^uiltv of the bank of England, in which transfers of stock, annuities, Of felony; or other funds, as aforesaid are made, in the name or names of any person or persons not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of such stock, annuities, or other funds, transferrable as aforesaid^ with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, such person or persons so making, or assisting in making, such transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ?^e Person* if any person or persons whatsoever shall, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, falsely forging, make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely transfers, made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting of any transfer of any interest, part, or share of or in any stock or stocks, annuity or annuities, or other funds transferrable, or which, by any atft or acts of parliament, shall hereafter be made transferrable, at the bank of England, or of or in the capital stock belonging or which Vol. XXXIX. G here-

And also perform making or afhfting in making false

82 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31. [1793.

hereafter shall or may belong to the said governor and company of the bank of England, called Bank Stock, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; all and every person or persons whatsoever so offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any person or persons shall wilfully make,

entries in the or assist in making, any false entry, or shall wilfully alter, or assist; books of the; n altering, any word or figure in any entry in the books of ac-bank, .&c. count kept by the said governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the several accounts of the owners or proprietors of {lock, annuities, or other funds, transferrable at the bank England, are entered and kept, or shall in any manner wilfully falsify the accounts of such owners and proprietors in the books of the said governor and company, wherein such accounts are entered and kept, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IV. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries and frauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been sometimes made out for different sums than the sums really due; be it therefore further

Persons mak

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any clerk, officer, ing out, See. or servant of, or other person or persons employed or intrusted false dividend by, the said governor and company shall, from and after the said ^transViled tent^ day May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, for 7 years, knowingly or willingly make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, or willingly act or assist in the making out or delivering, of any dividend warrant for a greater or less amount than the person or persons, on whose behalf, or pretended behalf, such dividend warrants shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every such person or persons so offending, and being in due form of law convicted of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven years.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to enable the common council of the town of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the corporation of the said town, to issue negotiable notes for a limited time, and to a limited amount.

[May 10, 1793.]

Power given to the common council of Liverpool to issue for two years, from May 25, 1793, notes payable to bearer for 50l. and look with inn-rest, and for live months after the two years, notes for 50l. and iool. payable to bearer with intercll: on May 35, 1796, and during the two

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 32 — 34.

years and five months, from May 25, 1793, notes for 5l. and iol. payable to bearer on demand without interest; but the notes in circulation shall never at any one time exceed 300, 000l. Notes issued for 5l. and iol. not to be fueable for three years, from May 25, 1793, though payable on demand; but may be exchanged for interest notes. Money due on notes, if not paid, may be recovered by action at law. Expences of the ad: to be defrayed by the corporation of Liverpool. Account of notes issued to be laid before parliament annually. Prohibiting the corporation of Liverpool from trading in goods and merchandize. Sales to be made by the corporation, to be made for a valuable consideration, and shall be applied to the discharge of their debts. Publick act*

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of 1,500,000b for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the governor and company of the bank of England shall not be subject to any penalties, by reason of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King William & Queen Mary, on account of their advancing money for the payment of bills of exchange accepted by, or by the direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and made payable at the bank of England.

[May 7, 1793.]

His Majesty may impower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills made out for 1, 500, 000b anytime before Jan. 5 % 1794, agreeable to 33 Geo. 3. c. 11, Powers of 33 Geo. 3. c. 11. to extend to this act, except as herein excepted. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next section, and if not granted before July 5, 1794, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act. 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10. not to subject the bank to any penalty for advancing money to pay bills of exchange accepted by the treasury, but not specifically lent on the revenue.

Account of money so advanced to be annually laid before parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for repealing part of an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for preventing frauds in the duties upon salt, and for the better payment of debentures at the custom house, which may relate to the refining and making of salt at certain works intended to be erected at Garfton, in the county Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present salt works at Liverpool.

[April 30, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

Ad 1 Q^ Anne, c. ai, recited. So much of recited act as prohibits the refining of rock salt, &c. except within ten miles of the pits from whence taken, repealed with respect to the works at Garfton. Power given to efed salt pans, See. at Garfton. As soon as the new salt work shall be begun to be used, the works at Liverpool to be discontinued. Ad not to diminish duties. How fines may be recovered. Application of fines.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

[May 10, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision respecting vessels and goods taken and condemned as prize, during the present hostilities with France; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any

G 2 goods.,

84 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

cond^m^a Sooc^s> wares, or merchandize, which have been taken since the tk>a Cmav be cornmencement? or may be taken during the continuance, of the landed in any present hostilities with France, and which have been or may be port of Great brought into Great Britain by any of his Majesty's {hips of Britain, and War, or by any private or other ship or vessel having, commission th^King's 1 ^roiil the admiral of Great Britain$ or the corn-

locks in mi (Boners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great warehouses Britain for the time being, shall and may, upon condemnation provided at thereof as lawful prize, be landed in any port within this king-the captors °* ^orn> an<^ secured under the King's locks in warehouses pro-with the ap- vided at the foie expence of the captors, with the privity and probation of approbation, and under the care and inspection respectively of the the commissi- of or other principal officers for collecting and ma-customs and naging respective duties of customs and excise; and upon excise. admission of any such goods into such warehouses, there shall be paid by the captors or their agents the following duties; that is to say,

Duties to be For every ton of wine or vinegar, containing two hundred paid on anc[ fifty-two galions, the sum of three pounds, if taken by a ship arize eoods war' or a Pr^vate vessel; for every ton of brandy, contain-mto ware- ing two hundred and fifty-two galions, the sum of two pounds

houses.

+five shillings, if taken by a ship of war, and the sum of fifteen shillings, if taken by a private vessel; for every hundred weight of brown Muscovado sugar, the sum of six shillings, if taken by by a ship of war, and the sum of two shillings, if taken by a private vessel; for every hundred weight of coffee, the sum of ten shillings and sixpence, if taken by a ship of war, and the sum of three shillings and six-pence, if taken by a private vessel; for every hundred weight of cocoa, the sum of three shillings and nine-pence, if taken by a ship of war, and the sum of one shilling and three-pence, if taken by a private vessel; and upon all other goods, wares and merchandise, not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with duty by this act, for every hundred pounds of the value, the sum of seven pounds ten shillings, if taken by a ship of war, and the sum of two pounds ten shillings, if taken by a private vessel.

No duties to

II. Provided always, That no duties whatever shall be demand-be paid for ed or taken for any prize goods, confiding of military or ships'

heretn^erf5 H°res9 videlicet, fails, cordage, anchors and cables, mails, yards,

merated.*bowsprits, blocks, guns, gunpowder, (hot, match, gun carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging, and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for ship building, or for any of the uses and purposes aforesaid; salted beef, pork, and butter, biscuit, small beer, ^pease and oatmeal; sailors cloaths, hammocks, bedding, and apparatus and instruments belonging to surgeons, or for any goods which, by any law in force on and immediately before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and p - > ninety-three, may be imported into this kingdom duty free,

c^ob/fub'

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ject to the all wheat, wheat meal or fiour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, rules, See. of oatmeal, pease, beans, Indian corn and maize, taken and con-.^i Geo. 3. c, jo. demned

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. 8£

demned as prize, shall, on the same being brought into any port of this kingdom, be warehoused and subject to such rules, regulations^ restrictions, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided $nd enacted in an act passed in the thirty-foil year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for regulating the importation and expoj'tation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported), as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities in the said recited act were particularly repeated and enacted in the body of this present act,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That China or East all goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of China, or the East Indies, taken and condemned as prize, shall be publickly publicklyfold, exposed to sale in the city of London by the captors or their agents, under such notice of such sale being foil given to the proper officers of the rates as are customs or excise respectively concerned therein; and such goods £^s shall be sold on such conditions, and under such rules, regula- ]n(jia Com. tions, and restrictions, as are used and practised at the sales of the pany, &c. East India company, and the goods shall be subject to such duties, and entitled to such drawbacks as the like goods are subject and entitled to when imported by the East India company, and the full duties due and payable on such goods shall be paid in all cases by the captors or their agents.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Prize tobacco

tobacco and snuff of all sorts taken as prize, and brought into and snuff,

any port of Great Britain, not being; a port enumerated in an brought into any port not

act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present enumerated in

Majesty, (intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and 39 Geo. 3. c. 6S* snuff, and for granting neiv duties in lieu thereof); and in another act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his pre- or 31 Geo. 3. sent Majesty, (intituled An act to prevent other ftps than ihofe c. 47-laden with tobacco from mooring and discharging their lading at the poTt°enum°*places appointed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign rated. of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco; and for per-mining the importation of tobacco and fuss into the port of New- condemna* castle upon Tyne), shall be removed according to the provi- tion, to be fions of the said act of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty, lodged in the as soon as may be, under the usual coast dispatches and securities, to some one of the ports enumerated in the said act; and that such koufes an(j- tobacco and snuff, and also tobacco and snuff of all forts taken may be ex-as prize, and brought in any port enumerated in the said act, ported duty shall, on condemnation as prize, be warehoused in his Majesty's tobacco warehouse at such port, and be subject and liable to ware- confurl)ption, house rent, at the rate of one penny halfpenny per week for every on payment of hogshead, or other package; and such tobacco and snuff may be duty, &c. exported from such warehouse, without payment of any duty, or may be taken out of such warehouse for home consumption or manufacture, on payment of the duties due and payable on tobacco and snuff of the growth or production of his Majesty's co-loniesj plantations^ islands, or territories in America 3 and such

Prize goods, the growth &c. of France, ibid for home consumption,

table C. of

27 Geo. 3. c.i3,

&c.

86 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

tobacco and snuff, so warehoused, shall be subject and liable to the rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures as are provided and enabled with respect to warehoused tobacco and snuff in the said act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof), and also in the said recited act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods the growth, produce, or manufacture of France, shall be taken and condemned as prize, and shall be sold for home consumption, the same shall be subject and liable to the like du-

to be liable to ties as the same sort of goods are made subject and liable to by the duties in tjle taye marked C. annexed to an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties compofwg the publick revenue; for permitting, the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), or by any subsequent act or acts of parliament by which the duties on any of the said goods are in anywise altered.

VII. And whereas it may in some cases, be impracticable for the captors or their agents to procure vessels to export prize goods directly from the ports where they are warehoused in pursuance of this aCi, and the keeping such goods for a considerable time, in order to procure such vessels, may be attended with great expence and loss to the captors; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in any case where they shall think proper, to order such goods, so secured in any warehouse in this kingdom, tobacco and lnulF excepted, to be removed and sent from thence for exportation to any custom-house warehouse at any other place or port in Great Britain, by and under the feai of office of the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port from whence the goods are intended to be so removed, at the expence of the captors or their agents, or other person or persons who may have purchased the same and in such case the security directed by this act shall be taken by the customer or collector of the port to which such goods are removed, before they are delivered for exportation, instead of the customer or collector of the port where they were first warehoused as aforesaid > any thing in the present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods taken as prize and condemned abroad, shall, on importation into Great Britain, be intitled to the benefit and in-

- diligence

Commissioners of the customs may authorise warehoused goods (tobacco and snuff excepted), to be removed for exportation to any cufftom-honfe warehouse, &c.

Prize goods condemned abroad, to be

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34.

dalgence granted to prize goods by this act, provided a certificate, from and under the hand and seal of the judge of the court in which such goods shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the collector or principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place into which such goods shall be imported, certifying the condemnation thereof; and the mafier of the ship or vessel on board of which such goods shall be imported, shall, together with the importer, proprietor, or consignee, make oath before the said collector or principal officer, (who is hereby impowered to administer the same), that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the goods so imported are the identical goods mentioned in the said certificate of condemnation.

IX. And whereas goods of the growth, productions or manufacture of China, or the East Indies, taken as prize, may, during the present hojhlities with France, be carried into so?ne of the out ports of this kingdom and condemned; in order that the duties due thereon may be properly ascertained, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where such goods shall be carried into any out port in this kingdom, and condemned as prize, bond, with sufficient security, shall be given to his Majesty, in treble the value of such goods, that the same shall be brought to London and delivered to his Majesty's warehouse-keeper at the custom house for the port of London, to be deposited by him in ware-houses provided at the expence of the captors or their agents, and approved of by the commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them; and with further condition to produce a certificate from such warehouse-keeper, within three months from the date of such bond, that the goods have been delivered accordingly, which security the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, at the port from whence such goods are to be removed, are hereby authorised and empowered to take, and to cancel and discharge such bond, upon receiving the certificate from the warehouse-keeper as herein-before directed; and if such goods shall be sent by land carriage, they shall be removed under the seals of office of such collector and comptroller or principal officer of the customs, and shall be accompanied with a transire, expressing the number and marks of the packages; and all such goods so removed, either by land or water, shall afterwards be publickly exposed to sale in the city of London, by the captors or their agents, they giving notice of such sale to the proper officers of the customs or excise respectively concerned therein, by the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, in all respects, as the duties payable upon the like goods, imported by and sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eastn I dies, are computed and charged, and the duties due by law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, where any foreign ship or vessel hath been, or shall hereafter be, taken during the present hostilities, and condemned as

G 4 prize3

87

inti tied on im portation to the benefit of this aeft on certain conditions.

Bond to be given that China or East India goods condemned at out ports shall be delivered to the warehouse-keeper at the custom house in London, &c.

Goods so removed by land carriage to be accompanied with a transire.

Such goods to be publickly fold in London, &c.

For foreign vessels, condemned out of the kingdom, the duty to be

88 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

paid at the prize, in any of his Majesty's dominions, out of this kingdom,

therein ^uty ^ue anc^ Payable by law for such ship or vessel shall be

they may be upon her first arrival at any port in this kingdom, to the

sold to pay the coileftor of his Majesty's customs at such port, by the master.

duty.

Warehoused prize goods may be exported on payment of

owner, or consignee, of such ship or vessel, whether the same shall, or shall not, have been sold by the captors after condemnation, and that no foreign-built ship or vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the privilege of a British-built ship or vessel, until such duty is paid for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, to flop and detain such ship or vessel at any port in Great Britain, until the said duty is paid as aforesaid; and in case payment thereof shall not be made for the space of three calendar months after the arrival of such ship at any port in this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, of any three or more of them, to cause such ship or vessel, and her nrafts, apparel, and furniture, to be sold publickly to the best: bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied, first, to the charges that shall arise by such detention and sale, next, to the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor of such ship or vessel, or other person duly authorised by such proprietor to receive the same.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any prize goods which shall be received into any warehouse in pursuance of this act, or which are now remaining in any warehouse in this kingdom, where they have been secured under the King's locks, by the permission of the commissioners of the

the duties un- customs, shall and may, upon payment of the respective duties and vin* before directed by this act, be exported at any time directly from boncf for their thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other exportation, person or persons, without paying any further duty of customs or excise for the same; the person or persons exporting the same giving sufficient security, in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof out of the warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Man, pr the islands of Faro or Ferro \ which security the customer- or collecter of the port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods shall be taken out of any warehouse wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this kingdom, the person or persons so taking out the same fliftl first pay up the remainder of the duties which would have to pay remain-been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had dei- ot duties, been regularly imported by way of merchandize into this kingdom j and such goods shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations to which they would have been subject if this act had not been made.

Goods taken out of ware-houses to be consumed in the kingdom.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. 89

XIII. And whereas the clandestine importation and running of

spirits, tea, prohibited goods into this kingdom, tfztly, during the present hofilities, carried on to a great degree in large vessels

fitted out and armed as privateers: and whereas by means of this illicit commerce, so prejudicial to the publick revenue and the fair trader, the power with whom Great Britain is now 'carrying on hcfiili-ties, may receive intelligence very detrimental to this kingdom: for the better preventing whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any Vessels corm ffrip or vessel whatever which shall be commissioned by letters of missioned by marque, or general reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's com- the admiralty missioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great foreign spirits Britain, shall be found at sea, or in any port of this kingdom, or Qn board1, in at any distance from the coasts thereof, having qn board any calks under foreign brandy or other foreign spirituous liquors in any vessels 60 gallons

or casks which shall not contain sixty gallons at the least, except e

pnly for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board above 61b. of such ship qr vessel v not exceeding two gallons for each seaman, tea, or any pr any tea exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, or any other goods whatever, which are or may be liable to forfeiture forfeited°&c. by any act of parliament upon being imported into Great Britain,

then not only all such goods, but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel, shall be forfeited and loss, and the same shall and may be carried and delivered to the care and custody of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at any port in this kingdom; and the same shall be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by such ways and rules, and in such manner and form, as such vessels and goods would be liable to be seized, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of by any law in force, if the same hac} been found within the limits of any part of this kingdom; and the letters of marque, or general reprisals, or any other commissions for such ship or vessel, shall be null and void; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notr withstanding.

[Duties and drawbacks to

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any duties are imposed by this act, or any drawbacks allowed, the same shall be raised, levied, collected, applied, re-covered, allowed, and paid, under such and the like rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties

im- 27 Q.eo> 3> c.

posed, and drawbacks allowed by virtue of the said recited act, 13.

passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, are raised, levied, collected, applied, recovered, allowed,

and paid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as

if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities of the said recited act were repeated* and enacted in the body of this present act.

[Act to conti-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force during the present hostilities with France;

but that the same, or any part thereof-, may be va- nue during the

ried or altered during the present session of parliament. Utie^Vc!

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 35. [1793.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the pobr.

[May 7, 1793.]

11 Geo. 3. c. WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty-second year of 3, recite._VV the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), it was among other things enabled^ "That whenever two third parts in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any parish, township, or place, qualified as there-after mentioned, should, at any time after the passing of that at7, at a publick meeting ti be holden pursuant to the directions of that act, signify their approbation of the provisions therein contained, and their define to adopt them: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether it be necessary that two third parts in number and value as aforesaid, of the whole number of persons so qualified as aforesaid, should at such publick meeting signify their approbation and desire as aforesaid: be it therefore declared and enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Two thirds in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That number an whenever two third parts in number and value as aforesaid, of such qualified persons only, as have actually attended, or may hereafter actually attend, at such publick meeting, have there signified, or may hereafter there signify, their approbation of the provisions in the said act contained, and their desire to adopt them, according to the form and manner prescribed by the said act, such approbation and desire so signified, or to be hereafter so signified, as aforesaid, have been, and shall be, and are hereby declared to be, a due and sufficient compliance with the above-

value of persons qualified according to recited act, who shall attend any publick meetings and signify their approbation of the provisions

cient.

thereof, fufla- recited provision of the said act, according to the true intent and meaning of the same.

II. And whereas also the duty of guardian of the poor, under the said act, in certain parifioes, townships, or places, on account of the extent and population thereof has been found to be more than one person could fully and properly execute: and vjhcrcas also it is clefirable to prevent such disputes and litigations as might arise concerning the relief of such casual poor as may happen to be within any one of the parishes, townships, or places united or to be united together for the purpofis of the J'said act: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever two third parts, in number and value as aforesaid, of the said persons so qualified, and actually attending at such publick meeting as aforesaid, shall nominate

consideration of the justices of the ling, division, distribt, city, town, or place where such meeting shall be holden, three able and discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, town-ship, or place, and shall fix the salary to be paid to such guardian, according to the manner and form prescribed by the said act;

o and

A like number may recommend to the justices three persons qualified for guardians of the poor, &c.

and recommend to the peace of the county

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 36, 37. 91

and shall also, at the said publick meeting, by writing under their hands, signify their opinion to the said justices, that, on account of the extent and population of such parish, township, or place, more than one guardian of the poor is necessary for the same; and shall express their desire that two of the three persons so nominated and recommended as aforesaid, may be appointed guardians of the poor for such parish, township, or place, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said justices as are already empowered by the said act to appoint one guardian for such parish, township, or place, to comply with the said desire, and to appoint two guardians accordingly.

III. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this act, all such casual poor, as may Casualpoorto happen to be within, and would be entitled to relief from, any be relieved by one of such parishes, townships, or places as have been, or may unit.ec? parishes hereafter be, united together for the purposes of the act here- J in-before first mentioned, shall be relieved by all the said parishes, townships, or places conjointly, and in the same respective proportion as they shall and are directed to contribute for the general purposes of the said act, according to the provisions and regulations in the said act specified and contained.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to establish certain regulations respecting officers serving in several corps of Fencible Men, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

[May 7, 1793.]

Commissions in fencible regiments in Scotland, or in other corps in Great Britain, in which only the adjutants and quarter mailers shall be entitled to half-pay and rank after reduction, not to vacate feats in parliament.

Officers of such corps and of the militia in England, when serving together to rank according to the dates of commissions. Half-pay officers during their service in such corps as lieutenants, &c.'to receive half-pay. The allowance of i2d. a day may be received by serjeants of Chelsea Hospital serving in such corps.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late onajefy King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, with respect to the time within which certain prosecutions dir eft ed by the said act are to be brought.

[May 10, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made and passed in the

[Preamble.]

thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of* bread, 3I qco 2 c and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish per- 29, recited.*fons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; it was amongf other things enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no person should knowingly put into any corn, meal, or four, which should be

9 4. Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 37. [1793.

ground, dressed, bolted, \ or manufactured for sale, either at the tint* of grinding, dressing, boltings or in anywise manufacturing the fame5 other time or times, any ingredient, mixture, <?r thing whatsoever, or should knowingly fell, offer, or expose to or for sale, any meal or four of one sort of grain as or for the meal or flour of any other sort of grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the meal or flour of any grain, which should not be the real and genuine meal or flour of the grain the fa?ne ^Should i?npori to be, and ought to be, upon pain that every person ivbo should offend in the premises, and should be thereof convicted in manner therein-after prescribed, should forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor leys than forty shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates\ justice or justices, before whom such offender or offenders should be convicted, should think fit or order; and the said act directs that no person should be convicted, in manner therein aforesaid, for any of the offences in the said act before-mentioned, unless the prosecution, in order to such conviction, should be commenced within three days next after the offence committed: and whereas the powers and remedies by the said recited act given and granted for enforcing the intention thereof, have been found by experience infuffcient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and that it would be of great publick benefit and utility to have further and more effectual powers given for carrying the intentions of the said act into execution; and a further and other time given for convicting any offender or offenders guilty of adulterating any corn, meal, or flour, which should be ground, dressed, bolted, or manufactured for sale as aforesaid, zuith any other ingredient, mixture, or thing whatsoever; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons* in this present Proviso limit- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That* ing the time from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred of conviction, and ninety-three* the herein-before recited proviso, contained in recited act° 1^ie section of the said in part recited act* limiting the

repealed, and time of conviction for three days next after any of the offences prosecution to committed, and in the said recited act mentioned, be repealed $ hecornmenced and that, from and after the said first day of June, no person shall within 7 days. convicted for any of the before-mentioned offences in the said recited clause mentioned and set. forth, unless the information or other prosecution, in order to such conviction, be laid or commenced within seven days next after the discovery of any such offence or offences.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed* adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

93

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable panal frdm or nearly from a place called The Saltisford, in the parish of Saint Mary, in the borough of Warwick, unto or near to the parish of Birmingham, iii the county of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable canal in or near to the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations.

Certain persons incorporated by the Name of <£ The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation." Atft to commence April 3, 1793. Canal to begin at a bridge at a place called TheSaitisford, in the parish of Saint Mary in Warwick, through Budbroofce* Hatton, Shrewley, Rowington, Kingswood, BaddefRy, Clinton, Knowle, Solyhull, Hampton in Arden, Elmdon and Bickenhill, in the county of Warwick; Yardle'y in the county of Worcester, and Aston juxta Birmingham, and Birmingham, and to terminate at the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. General powers. Surveys taken. Map and book of reverence authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons, and allowed as evidence. For making a communication with the Birmingham and Fazeley canal, and preventing loss of water by the junction. For the tonnage and wharfage of all coals, coke, iron, iron stone, and goods carried from the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal into the intended canal, 6d. per ton, and from the intended canal to the said Digbeth Branch, 3d. to be received by the proprietors of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. For recovery of the rates to be paid to the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. Birmingham and Fazeley canal company may reduce the tonnage rates, and the navigation free, on payment of the said rates. Birmingham and Fazeley canal to reduce the said rates to 3d. a ton, when they have paid off 3, 600b with interest due to certain subscribers of an intended canal, and to give an account thereof annually to this company. Power to deviate one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obstruct making the canal. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. Course of canal through Mr. Spooner's and Sir Thomas Gooch's lands described. Canal to be made at a certain distance From the houses of Mr. Moland and Mrs. Baldwyn. Water to be takeii from the river Rea, or the stream supplying Olton mill. After the canal,

Sec. set out, the land so set out, may be sold and conveyed to the company. Commissioners names. In what cases juries to be impanelled.

aob penalty on sheriffs making default, and 5b on jurymen. Expences of of and jury. Persons requesting juries to enter into a bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the company of proprietors before complaint made to the of Persons giving false evidence, liable to punishment for perjury. Upon payment or tender of money assessed, the company to enter to make canal. Verdictts, Sec. to be recorded, and lands become vested in the company. The company to be taxed for lands and buildings in the same proportion as adjoining lands. Purchase monies to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportion of money to be paid to persons interested. If costs and damages not paid in four months, the same may be levied by distress and sale. Commissioners to enter proceedings in a book, and appoint a clerk.

To destroy the works felony. Proprietors may raise 100, ooool. to be divided into shares of lool. each, and no person tG have more than 13 shares. Power to raise 30, 000b more if necessary. Five per cent, interest to be paid to subscribers, until the canal is finished. Subscribers to have a vote for each share. First meeting of general assembly on May zj, 1793, for choosing a committee. Committee to be under the controul of the general assembly. General assemblies to consist of 350 shares. Power of general assemblies. Power of committee. Subscribers forfeiting, shall have personal notice, and the forfeiture must be declared at a general alterably. General assemblies may remove committee men, make bye laws, &c. On death of subscribers before shares completed, executors and administrators allowed to contribute. Iiow shares may be disposed of.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3S.

[1795.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

After a call, no (bare to be sold until the money is paid. Officers to be appointed and to give security. Bocks to be kept by the committee. Rates of tonnage; for coal, stone, iron, timber and other things, for lei's than 6 miles and passing a lock, is. per ton. For 6 miles and less than iz miles, ad. per ton a mile. For 12 miles and less than 16, but not to pass the uppermost lock, at each end of the uppermost summit, as. per ton. For 16 miles and upwards, but not to pass the uppermost lock at both ends of the upper summit, id. halfpenny per ton per mile. For navigating any part of the canal, and passing the locks at both ends of the upper summit, as. 3d. per ton. From Birmingham towards Warwick, and pairing the upper lock below Hatton Hill, as. 9d. per ton. For 1 mile and less than 6 miles, and not passing any lock, ad. per ton a mile. Two thirds of the above rates for th^ tonnage of lime and lime stone. Rates to be free from taxes. If iron, iron stone, coals, lime, lime stone or other goods, remain upon the company's wharfs above a4 hours, wharfage to be paid. Exemptions. Company of proprietors may alter rates., Mailers of boats, Sec. to give an account in writing to the collectors of the rates of goods on board. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked on them. Boats to be gauged. One hundred and twenty pounds weight, deemed an hundred weight. Collectors may weigh goods. Navigation free on payment of rates. No vessel less than ao tons or 70 feet long, to pass through locks. Occupiers of lands may use pleasure boats, &c. Roads to be made through common field lands. Drains to be made for the adjoining lands. Towing paths to be separated from the adjoining lands, and gates, bridges, Scc. to be made, and in case of failure of to do it. In case the company neglect to repair works, land owners to do it. Works damaged by floods, to be repaired by the company. Coals, See. found in digging the canal, may be taken by the proprietors of land. Method of getting mines, and discovering when they are working under the canal. Mines to be got by the owners, unless the company make satisfaction. Owners of lands, Sec. may make cuts into the canal, and erect bridges, Sec. The company restrained from erecting or taking down mills, buildings, Sec. without the consent of the owners. Land owners, Sec. may erect warehouses, Sec. on their own land, and if not done within twelve months after notice, the company may build. Land owners for six hours to have wharfage; for six days id. halfpenny per ton for coals, stone and brick, and 3d. for other goods. Cranes to be erected on the wharfs and quays. Boat masters or owners to be answerable for damage done by their crew, and masters to recover back from their servants any turns paid for their neglect. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in, or to pass each other Vessels lying so as to obstruct the navigation, to be removed. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obstructing the passage of the canal, or throwing ballast into it. Injuring locks, gates, Sec. penalty not less than aos. nor more than 5]. Regulation for vessels passing locks. Canal not to be under of of lowers. Remedy for satisfaction to be made in gross or by annual rent. For preserving rights of lords of manors and copyholds. Lords of manors and land owners, may fish in canal. Persons on board boats having nets. Sec. not qualified, to forfeit 5l. Electing new of Impowering the quarter fdlions to nominate of in certain cases. Qualification of of to be 100l. a year real estate, or aooool. personal estate. Commissioners may act as justices. Commissioners to give 14 days notice of their meetings. Commissioners to hold meetings when requested. Power to hold special meetings for ascertaining damages. Meetings to be held within 5 miles of the canal. For recovering lands in case the canal shall not be completed or disused. Compelling subscribers Xo pay. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery and application of penalties. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Damages not provided for, to be settled by the of Persons aggrieved by any irregularity in distress, to recover only the special damage. Appeal to quarter fdlions. Limitation of actions. General jilue.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 39, 40. CAP. XXXIX.

An act for the more easy raising money upon the hundred of Hemlingford, in the county of Warwick, for paying the damages and costs incurred on account of the late riots within the said hundred, than is authorised to be done by the laws now in being.

[June 3, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Justices of the peace for the county of Warwick acting for the hundred of Hemlingford, and the two knights of the shire for the county, appointed of Commissioners to meet within twenty-one days after the passing this act, and treat for borrowing money on security of the rates, and to make assessments upon the inhabitants. The whole money to be assessed within three years from June 1, 1793. Rates to be levied under warrants of of Constables or headbouroughs making default in levying rates, to forfeit double the film. Commissioners to appoint a clerk and treasurer who is to account. Where there is no constable or headbourough, of to appoint some inhabitant. Account books to be open to inspection. Commissioners may borrow 24, 000b upon the rates. Securities not subject to stamp duty. Money borrowed and arising by the rates to be paid to the treasurer. The money to be paid to the plaintiffs who have recovered judgement in actions against the hundred of Hemlingford. Manner of recovering rates where persons quit the pre-mi fes before payment thereof. Arrears of rates to be accounted for and paid by the representatives of deceased collectors, and the assignees of such as become bankrupt. Arrears of rates, See. may be recovered from collectors removed. Deficiencies of rates to be made good by a re-assessment upon the inhabitants. No proceedings to be had in the actions commenced until after September 29, 1793. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XL.

An act to continue several laws, relating to the landing rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excite; to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the gi'owth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty; s jsugar colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and iitenfils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer; and to revive and continue an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

[June 3, 1793.]

So much of 15 & 16 Geo. 2. c 25- as relates to the landing of rum, &c. before payment of duty, and lodging it in workhouses, continued to September 29, 1799, See, So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. as relates to the importation of timber, See. from America, continued to September 29, 1795, dec. 12 Geo. 2. c. 32. granting liberty to carry sugars of his Majesty's American colonies to foreign parts in British ships, continued to September 29, 1799^ See, So much of 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay to the British plantations in the West Indies, continued to June 24, 1797, &c. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. granting a bounty on

certain species of British and Irish linens exported, See. continued to June 24, 1794, Scc. 26 Geo. ^. c. 89. extending to other tools and utenills.

25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued for two years, Scc. So much of 27 Geo. 3.

31. as directs that all spirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by

Clarke'$

6 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41 — ^44..: f 1793-

Clarke's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session of parliament. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for the encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, revived, and continued to March 25, 1793.]6.

CAP. XLI.

An act to enable Robert Claxton, of Bristol, merchant, to take the oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for the further encrease and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

[May 7, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

Acts 26 Geo. 3. c. 60. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 19. recited. Robert Claxton, of the city of Bristol, to be restored to the capacity of being an owner of British rtiip&, according to the laws of trade and navigation.

CAP. XLII.

An act for incorporating the company of free fiffiers and dredgers of Whitstable, in the county of Kent, and for the better ordering and government of the fishery.

[April 30, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

The Whitstable company of dredgers incorporated by the name of "The Company.of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the county of Kent.'* Powers of the company vested in the corporation. Corporation may purchase the manor and royalty of Whitstable. A steward and water bailiff and other officers to be appointed. Power to borrow money. Saving to his Majesty. General issue. Limitation of actions* Treble costa.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for enlarging the powers of and rendering mor* effectual an act* made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Paddington in the county of Middlesex, and for enlarging the church-yard of the said parish.

[April 3c, x793-3

Act 28 Geo. 3. c. 74. recited. Tru'ftees may" raise the ftirthef sum of a.5obi. Justices who have issued warrants of distfefs under the former act, where sufficient distress cannot be found, may commit the person against whom such warrant shall have issued. Apportioning the rates between persons removed and persons coming into any hoafe or premises in the parish. Trustees to pay balances to the church-wardens. Powers of the former a Cl', not altered by this act, extended to this act. Vaults and tombstones to be repaired by the owners. Money agreed for maybe paid, expences of this act to be paid. Pu'blick act.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for requiring a certain form of oath of abjuration± and declaration, from his Majesty's subjects, p'of effing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 3, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an all of the parliament of Scotland, made Act of the in the eighth and ninth session of the first parliament of his parliament late majesty King William the Third, intituled, (An act for pre-of Scotland of ycnting tfoe growth of popery), several penalties and disabilities are imposed upon all persons professing the Roman catholick religiony within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who fall reftfe to make a renunciation of popery according to the formula thereunto fuljoined, in the manner therein expr effect:

the 8th and 9th session Will. 3. tirft parliament, recited.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44.'97,

and whereas the rigour of the aforesaid act, the time of its puffings was chiefy judged expedient, in order to preserve the government against the attempts or efforts of those persons, who then did, or were, supposed to acknowledge the temporal juperiority or power of the pope, or fee of Rome, over that part of the realm of Great Britain called Scotland, which is contrary to, and inconjjlenl with the allegiance of the subjects of the said realm: and whereas the aforesaid formula contains only a renunciation of speculative and dogmatical opinions, hup imports no positive assurance of the submission and attachment of the persons making the same to the la ws and constitution of the realmj or to the person of his mo ft jarred Majesty: and whereas, in and by an act of parliament, made in the thirty frJl year of the reign of his pre- 31 Geo. 3.0.33* sent Majesty, intituled, (An a<Sl to relieve, upon certain conditions, and under certain re dried ions, the persons therein described, from certain penalties and disabilities, to which papists, or persons pro-feffing the popish religion, are by lav/ subject), a certain form of oath, abjuration, and declaration was prescribed to be taken and subscribed by all persons prof effing the Roman catholick religion, which ivas found a proper and fujfcient left of the loyalty of such persons who should take and subscribe the same > and upon the taking and subscribing thereof they became exempted and relievedjcrom many pains, penalties, and disabilities to which they were before subject and liable and by the said act it was provided that nothing therein contained should extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas it is ?iow found expedient, that'one common form of oath, abjuration, and declaration, shall be taken and subscribed by all his Majesty's subjects pro-fejfing the Roman catholick religion, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, and that similar advantages shall be annexed to the taking and subscribining of the same: may it therefore please youi:

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords dpi ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from. Roman eatbo-henceforth all persons professing the Roman catholick religion, j, cks in Scot-within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall take and subscribe the oath, abjuration, and declaration be relieved bereimaster expressed, and in the manner hereby directed and re- from the pe-quired, shall be exempted and relieved from all the pains, penal- nalties impof-ties, and disabilities imposed, enacted, revived, ratified, and con- efted^ak^f e- firmed by the before-mentioned act of the eighth and ninth Tef- Wrll. 3.; .* fion of the first parliament of King William the Third, as fully and.ft _.c; effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such persons had actually made the renunciation of popery thereby ordained according to the formula thereunto subjoined.

s II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oath, abjuration, and declaration, to be so taken and subscribed, shall be in the words following5 (that is to say),

I A.B. do hereby declare. That I do profess the Roman catholick re- Form of oath*

ligion: / A.B. do finger ely promise and fw ear, that I will be faith- &c* ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty Kin? George the Third,

98

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. [1793.

and him will defend', to the utmost of my power, against all conspiracies and attempts whatever, that shall be made against his persony crown, or dignity \ and I will do my utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all treasons and traiterous conspiracies which may be formed against him or them: and I do faithfully promise to maintain^ support, and defend\ to the utmost of my power, the succession of the crown, which succession, by an adli intituled, (An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject), /V, Jlands limited to the princess Sophia, eledirefs and dutchess dowager s/'Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being protestants\ hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto any other person, claiming or pretending a right to the crown of ihefe realms: and I do swear, that I do reject and detejl, tf/z unchristian and impious position, that it is lawful to murder or destroy any person or persons whatsoever^for, or under pretence of their being hereticks or infidels; also that unchristian and impious principle, that faith is not to be kept with hereticks or infidels: and I further declare, that it is not an article of my faith, #W that I do renounce, rejedty and abjure, the opinioni that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or any authority of the fee of Rome, <?r Zy tfzzy other authority whatsoever, 7/z^y dfe-posed or murdered by their subjects, any person whatsoever: and I

do promise, that I will not hold, maintain, abet any such opinion, <?r any other opinion contrary to what is expressed in this declaration: and I do declare, that J do not believe that the pope of Rome, or other foreign prince, prelate, Jlatey or potentate, hath, or o«^/; / to have, <3777 temporal or civil jurisdiction, -bower, superiorityr or pre-eminence, di- redtly or indirectly^ within this realm: and I do solemnly, zh the -pre-fence of Gody profjsy tefiify\ and dccclarcy that I do make this decla-ratiouy and every part thereof in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oathy without any evaftony equivocation, or mental reservation whatever*, without any dispensation already granted by the popey or any authority of the fee of Rome, or any person what-^wr, 'without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before, GW or zzztfzz, or absolved of this declaration, or tf; zy part thereof although the popey or any other person or authority zuhatsoevery shall dispensi with or annul the famey and declare that it was null or void.

£0 help me GOD.

And ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be filled up. blanks in the said oath shall be filled up, as the case shall require, with the name of his majesty King George the Third, or of him or her who shall by virtue of the said a<Sf for limitation of the crown, and for the better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, be King or Queen of Great Britairiy for the time being, and with the word King or Queen, and with the word his or her, as the case shall be.

Oath may be

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That taken before the said oath, abjuration, and declaration shall and may be taken depute&c an<^ subscribed by every person professing the Roman catholick who shall*religion, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, being

of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44.99

of the age of fifteen years and upwards, before the sheriff or deliver lifts Reward depute or substitute of the shire or stewartry, or before persons any two or more justices of the peace for the county, shire, or who shall stewartry, where the party so making and subscribing the said oath, have taken it. abjuration, and declaration shall reside, for the time being; and all such officers are hereby enabled, authorised, and required to administer such oath, abjuration, and declaration to every person or persons who shall be desirous to take and subscribe the same; and the officers hereby enabled, authorised, and required to administer such oath, abjuration, and declaration, are hereby directed and required, within thirty days after the la ft day of December, in the present year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and so yearly within thirty days after the last day of December in every subsequent year, to deliver into the office of the sheriff clerk of the county or stewartry, in which the party shall have taken the said oath, a true and perfect lift of the persons who shall, in the preceding year, have taken the said oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration before them, in manner aforesaid; and that in every such lift the quality, condition, title, and place of abode of each person who shall have taken and subscribed the said oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, within the preceding year, shall be fully and clearly expressed; and such officers shall respectively give to any person who shall Officers to take and subscribe the said oath, abjuration, and declaration, at cates^lf^r-the time of the taking and subscribing thereof, or at any other sons having time or times, until the lift or register shall have been delivered taken the or transmitted to the sheriff clerk's office, a full certificate of his or her having taken the said oath, and of the day on which the qe^ce#e evl" same oath shall have been taken, for which certificate there shall be paid no greater fee or reward than one shilling fferling; and every such certificate shall be signed by the officer giving the same, and shall be granted upon the same terms, to any other person or persons who shall demand the same; and every such certificate, being so signed, shall be evidence of the taking such oath, in all courts of justice within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to and for all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That entries shall be regularly and fairly made, by the Sheriff clerks sheriff clerks, of the lifts or registers so to be transmitted or de- Clifts livered to them by the said officers as aforesaid, in books to be delivered kept for that purpose in their said offices, within their respective them, which counties or stewartries, and that the same shall be kept open for may be in the inspection of all persons, on all days (except Sundays and ho- spe&ed, and lidays) throughout the year, from the hour of nine of the clock q^ed.^' in the forenoon till four of the clock of the same day; and the sheriff clerks for the time being in the said offices are hereby authorised and empowered to demand the sum of one shilling sterling from every person for each book of entries or registers which he or file shall examine, conluit, or inspect, and to demand the sum of one shilling sterling for every entry which they shall be required to make an extract or copy of; all which fees or pay-

H 2 ments

IOO

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45. [1793.

ments shall be paid unto, and appropriated by the said clerks, for their trouble in keeping the said books as aforesaid.

Office copies

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority of such entries aforesaid, That every office copy or extract of the entry of any to be evidence. person>s having taken and subscribed the said oath, abjuration, and declaration, certified under the hand writing of any of the said clerks, shad be allowed of, and admitted as evidence that the person so entered had taken and subscribed the said oath, abjuration, and declaration, and is therefore fully entitled to the benefit thereof, in all courts of justice within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Persons hav-

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho-ing taken the rity aforesaid, That every person professing the Roman catholick oath, &c. may religion, within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called peifonaf'pro1 Scotland who shall have taken and subscribed the said oath, ab-perty. juration, and declaration in manner aforesaid, shall be as fully

enabled to take by descent, purchase, or otherwise, and to hold, enjoy, alien, settle, and dispose of any real or personal property whatsoever, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as any other person or persons whosoever, any thing in the aforesaid act of the eighth and ninth session of the first parliament of Scotland of King William, or in any other act or adds of the parliament of Scotland, contained or implied to the contrary thereof in any manner notwithstanding.

Adtnottoau-

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared thorifeRoman by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained catholicks to fKaU extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to enable any person professing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, to be governor, chaplain, pedagogue, teacher, tutor or curator, chamberlain, or factor, to any child or children of protefhnt parents, or to be otherwise employed in their education, or the trust or management of their affairs, or to be schoolmaster, professor, or publick teacher of any science, to any person or persons whomsoever, within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland,

be governors to protestant children, &c.

CAP. XLV.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the tower of the parish church of Iianbury, in the county of Worcester, and for repairing the said church, and rendering the lame more commodious for the parishioners.

[April 30, 1793.]

Trustees impowered to take down and rebuild the tower of Hanbury church, and substantially repair the church, and may raise i, 6ool. Trustees names. If trustees die, or refute to act, new ones to be appointed. Trustees to give notice of their meetings, and to appoint officers, and take security from them. The money to be raised vested in the trustees. Trustees may sue for rates amounting to zl. Trustees to appoint four inhabitants collectors of the rates, who are to pay the money as the trustees shall direct, and to enter accounts in a book. Twenty pounds penalty on persons refusing to act as collectors, Trustees to make an assessment of lands, houses, &c. Money raised not to be applied in repairs of the chanoel, and the rector exempted from assessments. Tenants to pay the whole, and deduct half the rates out of the rent; but not to affect agreements. Fur levying the rates upon houses occupied by inmates, isi'oney may be u raised

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 46. 101

raised by annuities or mortgage. Money lent on mortgage, and the interest thereof to be paid within 20 years. Account of money borrowed, Ac, and the proceedings of trustees to be entered in a book Manner of paying off securities. Rates veiled in creditors in case of non-payment of principal and interest, See. Power of making contracts with workmen, and trustees may bring actions in the name of their treasurer for any breach of contract. Action not to abate by the death of the treasurer. Power to compound. Trustees may fell old materials. Allotment of pews.

Seats to be numbered. Expences of the act to be paid out of the first money received. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for-want of form.

[Treble costs.]

Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Twenty-one days notice to be given of bringing actions. General blue.

[Publick act.]

CAP. XLVI.

An act for vejiing in his Majesty certain forfeited efiates in Ireland, subject to the disposition of the parliament ^Ireland.

[June 7,

1793.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the parliament of England,

[Preamble.]

in the eleventh and twelfth year of King William the Third, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by sale of ri &: iaGul.3. the forfeited and other estates and interests in Ireland, and by a c. 2. land tax in England, for the several purposes therein mentioned, it was enacted, That all the honours, manors, lands, possessions, and hereditaments, within the realm of Ireland, whereof any person or persons who flood convicted or attainted of treason since the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or who should be convicted of treason before the last day ^Trinity term one thousand seven hundred and one, or who flood convicted of treason by reason of being found by inquiftion to have died, or been fain, in actual rebellion, since the said thirteenth day ^February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, zuas or were seized or poffffed or interefed in, or intitled to, on the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time since, in their own right, or to their own use, or whereof any other person or persons was or were seized or possessed or interefed in, to the use of or in trufl for them, or any of them, on the thirteenth day ^/'February one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time since, or whereof the late King James the Second, or any in trufi for him, or to his use, was seized or possessed, or interefed in, at the time of his accession to the crown tf/'England, should be vefed in certain truste.es, in the said act named, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, upon trufi, and to the end that the farne might be sold and disposed of, to and for such uses as are expressed and declared by the said act: and whereas the said trufees did, pursuant to the said act, sell and dispose of a very corf derable part of the efiates and possessions thereby in them vefed, and some part thereof then remaining unfold, by an act passed in the second session of a parliament holden in the first year of the reign of Tjjueen Anne, intituled An act for advancing the sale of iAnn3e, fdT.a. the forfeited estates in Ireland, and for veiling such as remain c. 31. unfold by the present trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and sucessors, for such uses as the same were before vested in the said

102 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

trustees, and for the more effectually felling and settling the said effaces to protestants; and for explaining several acts relating to the lord Bopbin, and fir Redmond Everard, it is enabled, That fuel? and so many of the said estates and possessions vefed in the said trustees, as should not be sold by them before the four and twentieth day of June one tbonjand seven hundred and three, should be vejled in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes intended by the former act, and fabject to such orders and appointments as should be given by authority of the tarliament a/*England in that behalf: and whereas by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Act in Ireland Majesty, intituled An act for extending certain of the provisions ai & Geo. contained in an act, intituled An act confirming all the statutes made in England, it is enacted, That all statutes theretofore made in England, or Great Britain, ^/* the settling and assuring the forfeited estates in Ireland, shall be accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the present tenor thereof respectively: and whereas so?ie parts of the said forfeited estates fill remain und fposed of and it hath been found expedient that the same should be vejled in his Majesty, subject to such orders and appointments as should be, given respecting the same, by authority of the parliament of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's nioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Estates See. in authority of the same, That all honours, manors, lands, tene-Ireland vdted ments, rents, reversions, remainders, services, possessions, he-in his Majesty, reditaments, estates, and interests of what nature or kind soever, fro^aiT^or kingdom of Ireland, which stand so veiled as afore-

d^rToTthe^ feid in his Majesty, and remain so as aforesaid unfold and undif-parliament of posed of, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled Great Britain, ln his Majesty, his heirs and successors, discharged from any the orders of orders or appointments to be given by authority of the parlia- the parliament ment of Great Britain, and subject to such orders, appointments, of Ireland and disposition as shall be given or made reflecting the same by the parliament of Ireland.

Act not to

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-avoid any lease tend, or be construed to extend, to defeat or avoid any lease of the said lands, or any part thereof, heretofore lawfully made*

heretofore fltiade.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XLVII.

An act for placing the flock called East India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the bank of England, and ingrafting the Jame on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, owing by the publick to the East India cojnpany, and for enabling the said company to raise a sum of money, by a further increase of their capital stock, to be applied in.discharge of certain debts of the said company.

[June 7, 1793.]

WHEREAS there is now due and owing by the publick to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies the several furns of three millions two hundred thousand pounds,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 103

and one million, making together the sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, attended with an annuity or a?i inter efi, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the sum of one hundred and twenty six thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament; and upon the credit thereof and by virtue of an act made in the twenty-third year of King George the Second\ the said 23 Geo. 2. c» united company have fold certain annuities, ddftinguished by the name 22t of East India Annuities, transferable at the office of the said united company in London, to an amount of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds and five shillings, hearing an interest after the like rate of three pounds per centum, amounting to eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-three pounds and four shillings per annum, redeemable by the publick; and the residue of the said debt, amounting to one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine pounds and fifteen shillings, bearing a like interest of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six pounds and sixteen findings, is the property of the said company, subject to any incumbrances by them made thereon: and whereas^ by an act made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, the % 7 Geo. 3*-O. said annuity or interest of one hundred and twenty-six thousand pounds per annum, together with the charges and 'allowances payable to the said united company for the management of the annuities so sold by them, amounting to one thousand six hundred and eighty-seven pounds per annum, stand charged and chargeable upon a fund erected and established by the said left-mentioned act, called The Consolidated Fund: and whereas it will be for the mutual co?ivenience and advantage of the publick and of the said united company, and also of the holders of the annuities so sold as aforesaid, that the said four millions two hundred thousand pounds, and the said annuity of one hundred and twenty-six thousand pounds, payable in respect thereof should, with the consent of the said company and of the said annuitants, be transferred and placed under the management of the governor and company of the bank ^'England, and be engrafted upon and consolidated with the annuity flock called Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, payable and transferable at the bank of England, charged and chargeable upon the said consolidated fund, but to continue subseci to redemption by the publick: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That TheEast India the said annuities so sold by tl^e said upited company, amounting annuitiestob* to the sum of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thou- f^m thema sand four hundred and forty pounds and five shillings capital, nagement of being part of the said debt of four millions two hundred thousand the East India pounds, and the annuity or interest of eighty-nine thousand seven company, to hundred and seventy-three pounds and four shillings, payable to the holders of the said annuities in respect thereof, with the con- wjt^ the 3 per sent of the said holders respectively, and also the said annuities to cent, reduced the amount of one million two hundred and seven thousand five annuities, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

hundred and fifty-nine pounds and fifteen shillings capital, residue of the said debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, ' and the annuity or interest of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six pounds and sixteen shillings, payable to the said united company in respect thereof, shall, from and after the thirty-first day of dugujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, be transferred from the management of the said united company, at their office, to the bank: of England, and be placed under the management of the governor and company of the said bank, and be engrafted upon and consolidated with the (feck usually distinguished by the name of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and that such ingraftment and consolidation shall be deemed and taken to be a redemption of the said several loans or debts of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and one million, making together four millions two hundred thousand pounds, as between the publick and the said united company, under the said recited act, and the same shall be accepted by the said company, and by the holders of the said annuities by them sold as aforesaid, in full fat is faction thereof respectively; and that from thenceforth the said annuities or annual interest of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-three pounds and four shillings, and thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six pounds and sixteen shillings respectively, making together one hundred and twenty-six thousand pounds per annum, shall remain and continue charged and chargeable upon the said consolidated fund, and be issued half-yearly by the exchequer to the chief cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, together with and as a part of the annuity or interest of the said stock, called Three Poundj per Centum Reduced Annuities, for the use of the said united company, and of the holders of the said annuities so sold as aforesaid respectively, according to their respective shares and proportions thereof, and be no longer issued or pafd at the exchequer to the said united company, or by the said united company to the said annuitants; and that from and after such ingraftment or consolidation, the said several annuities, amounting to four millions two hundred thousand pounds capita], and the said interest payable in respect thereof, shall be converted into, and be deemed, taken, and received as part and parcehof the said three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, and be incorporated therewith, and be by that jiame transferred and transferrable by the said united company, and the holders thereof, and their assigns, according to their shares and interests therein, and by no other name or title whatever; and that all and every the elaufes and provisions contained in any act or acts relating to the said three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, or the capital stock known by that name, and now in force, shall be deemed to extend and be applicable in all matters and things whatever to the said annuities by this act directed to be ingrafted thereon, and consolidated therewith, redeemable nevertheless by the publick, in like manner and in no other manner than as the said three pounds per centum reduced

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 105

bank annuities may by law be redeemed; and that the power of Power of reredemption reserved to the said uni ted company, in respect their said share and proportion of the said annuities, in and by an the East India act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An company an act to enable the East India company to raise money by a sale of an- nulied, and al-

nuities, and by in area Cm? their capital stock, or by an act made l°vvance for A J.ii n.; f, ., r n / r management

in the thirty-ftrit year or his Majesty's reign, for removing any tQ

+doubt respecting the sale or mortgage of annuities under the said last mentioned act, shall from thenceforth be repealed, and that said allowance of one thousand six hundred and eighty-seven pounds for the management thereof shall from thenceforth cease and be discontinued, any act or acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Annuitants the holders or proprietors of "the said annuities lo sold by the said who shall not united company, who shall not, on or before the said thirty-first f^at th* day of Aiigift one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, fig- bank by Aug. nify their dissent to the said ingrafcment and consolidation thereof 3i, 1793, tobe with the said reduced bank annuities, in a book to be opened at deemed to the bank of England for the entry of any such dissents which shall to The^onfo be offered, shall be deemed and taken to have assented thereto, lidation,

any thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any but the annui-

of the said annuitants shall, within the time aforesaid, enter, or ties of such as cause to be entered, in the said book, his, her, or their dissent

to their respective {hares of the said Raft India annuities being be^aidbythe ingrafted upon the said three pounds per centum reduced bank an- company, and nuities in manner aforesaid, then and in such case the several and repaid by the respective shares of the persons so dissenting shall continue to be hank, managed and transferred, as if this act had not been made, and the annuity or dividend payable to them in respect thereof shall continue to be paid by the said united company to the persons so dissenting, entitled thereto, until their respective shares of the said annuities shall have been subscribed into the said three pounds per centum bank annuities (which it shall be lawful for the persons entitled to the same from time to time to do, by transfers from the books of the said united company to the books at the bank of England, when and as they shall be minded or think fit); and that the annuity or dividend so paid by the said united company shall from time to time be repaid by the said governor and company of the bank to the said united company, or one of their principal cashiers or treasurers, whose receipt for the same shall be a full and sufficient discharge for such payment or payments, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That as well Annuities, af-the share and proportion of the said capital sum of four millions

two hundred thousand pounds, belonging to the said united com- tjnu'e liable to pany, and the interest or annuity payable in respect thereof, as the same uses the share and proportion thereof, belonging to the said other as before, un. holders thereof respectively, shall severally remain and continue, ^se^eret)y aI*

after tere

lo6 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

after the said ingraftment and consolidation thereof with the said reduced bank annuities, subject and liable to such and the same uses, trusts, mortgages, settlements, and incumbrances, as the same shall or may, at the time of such ingraftment and consolidation, be subject and liable to, or as the same would have been subject or liable to, (otherwise than as by this act is expressly altered, provided, or repealed), in case this act had not been made; and that the several powers and authorities veiled in or given to the said united company by any act or adfts now in force, to fell or mortgage, or otherwise to dispose of their said share and proportion of the said annuities or capital sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, and the interest payable in respect thereof, shall remain and continue in full force and effect, to be by the said united company used, exercised, and enjoyed in respect of their said share and proportion thereof, when ingrafted upon and converted into reduced bank annuities as aforesaid, any act or acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the transfer books of the said annuities so sold by the said united company shall be finally shut by them upon the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and forthwith delivered over to

and* delWere^d the governor and company of the bank of England\ in whose over to the custody the same shall from thenceforth remain; and that within bank, and ar- fourteen days after the delivery thereof the said united company, ov4r\vuthin 14 or t*le'r cb»ief accountant, shall make up and deliver to the said governor and company a perfect account of each respective arrear of annuity or interest due to the holders or proprietors thereof, and pay over to the said governor and company the amount of such arrears, for the use of the said holders or proprietors entitled thereto, in order to their being paid the same respectively by the said governor and company at the bank of England\ the arrears belonging to the persons who in manner aforesaid shall have dissented to the said ingraftment and consolidation (if any) only excepted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall and may make and allow to the said governor and company of the bank of England such additional annual sum, for the expences of managing and paying the said annuities which by this act shall be transferred to them, as the said of or high treasurer shall think just and reasonable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said company shall retain and keep their share of the said annuU ties, or any part thereof, until their exclusive trade in, to, and

toebe°paFdn^ from the East Indies, and other parts within the limits of their them at par charter, subject to any limitations or restrictions, shall be deter-antecedent to mined by the authority of parliament, then, and in such case, nation notwithstanding the consolidation thereof with the said three

exclusive^Pounc's Per centum reduced bank annuities, there shall be paid by trade. the publick to the said company, antecedent to any determination

of the said exclusive trade, the full amount of the capital of the

company's

Transfer books to be shut by the Company on Aug.31, 1793,

days.

Treasury to make allowance to the bank for management of annuities.

Any share of the annuities retained by

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 107

company's {hare of and in the said three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, or To much thereof as the said company shall have so kept and retained, rating the same at par, together with all arrears of interest, if any shall he due in respect thereof, any thing in this add, or in any other add, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present circumstances of the said company, it is ft and proper that they should he impowered to raise a further fun of money, beyond what they are authorised by lave to raise for the purposes to which the same is herein after directed to be applied j and it is expedient that such money should be raised by a further increase of their capital stock: be it further enacted, That it The company shall and may be lawful to and for the said company, and they with content are hereby authorised and impowered, by and with the consent ^a^ackT Ur^ and approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury i, 0oo, oocl. to for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high their capital treasurer for the time being, at any time or times hereafter, to open books, and to receive subscriptions from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, for enlarging their present capital stock or fund of five millions to any sum not exceeding the further sum of one million capital stock, so as to make their whole capital stock the sum of six millions; which said additional capital stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds, of such flock, or at any such other rate as the court of directors of the said company, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct; which said subscription shall be made, and the money for the said additional flock shall be paid, in such manner and form, and by such inilallments and proportions, as the said court of direcdors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint, and the capital ldock so subscribed and paid for shall from and after the time of such payment be deemed, considered, and taken as and for a part of the capital stock of the said company; and the said subscribers, from and after the time Subscribers to of making full payment for the said additional flock, and their be incorporate respective executors or ad min iterators, and assigns, shall at all ed times be deemed and reputed to be members of the said company, coraPanF" and incorporated therewith, and shall be intitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the regulations, rules, and orders, where to the present flock holders and members of the said company, in respect of the flock held by and belonging to them, are respectively intitled, subject and liable unto, by any act or acts of parliament, charter, or bye law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional flock shall be transferrable and assignable, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional flock, in like manner respectively as the present flock holders of the said company now do, and hereafter shall hold and

The like dividends to be paid on additional stock as on the present.

Preference in subscribing to be given to the present proprietors

10S Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

enjoy the respctftive sums belonging or to belong to them in the present capital stock of the said company, and the same shall in all respedbs be consolidated and united into one joint capital stock.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said company shall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the said additional stock as they now do, or hereafter shall and may lawfully make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present stock of the said company, the first of which laid dividends shall commence from such time as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription by the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to give the option and preference in subscribing for the said additional stock to such

not exceeding persons as shall hold the said company's stock at the time or times on^ their ca^i* fobfeription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding,

tals Ur Cai: >l- amount fifty pounds per centum on the capital stock which shall then be held by each stock holder so subscribing, for all such Tft-h fir* foms as they shall subscribe on or before the twentieth day of tionbypropri- Jmie one thousand fieven hundred and ninety-three; and in case etors be more the subscription made by them, on or before that day and year, than (efficient, shall exceed the sum proposed to be sold at that time, a propor-ak?r^?rA°n" tionabie deduction shall be made from each subscription; and if to be ^made^H subscription shall, on the close thereof on the day and year and if lets, the last before-mentioned, fall short of the sum proposed to be sold, deficiency the deficiency shall be disposed of to other persons in such man-may be dispos- ner as fajj COurt of diredbors, with such consent and appro-persons! bation as aforesaid, shall think fit. '

The addition

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing al stock, with herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hin-the consent of der or restridb the court of diredbors of the said company, by and the treasury, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing one^m*6more° wifo one or more person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of the whole of the said additional capital stock, or for such part or parts thereof as they shall from time to time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said court, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to fell the whole or any part thereof to one or more person or persons.

Receipts to be

XII. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as reasonably given for de- may be, after the deposit or first payment shall be made for the ma^be affi^ additional stock to be subscribed for the said company's lgn" caftuer or treasurer shall give a receipt for the same, and so from time to time as future payments shall be made, which said receipts shall be assignable and transferrable by indorsement thereon; and when the first payment shall be made on the said additional stock to be subscribed for, as aforesaid, the holder of such receipts, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her

one or more persons.

1793.] ^nn0 regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. 109

name entered in proper books to be kept by the said company for that purpose, with an account of the capital stock belonging to each proprietor, in like manner as the accounts of the present proprietors of India flock are kept.

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it farther enacted, Deposits of That if any subscriber or subscribers, after having subscribed,

shall fail in making all or any the payments agreed, at the respective times for such payments, then and in every such case the said company shall and may take in subscriptions for and fell the flock subscribed for by such defaulter to any other person or persons; and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter or defaulters, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to and become the property of the said company.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the monies to Subscriptions arise by the said subscriptions, the said company shall in the first 1°^applied

J.I'_ k J jj-j fPQ|lQ10I]

place apply so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the purpose Of j30ncj c|ebts in reducing their bond debt in Great Britain to the sum of one in Great Bri-million five hundred thousand pounds, and after such reduction tain, &c. made, or a sufficient sum set apart and reserved for that purpose, that the said company shall and may apply and dispose of the residue of the monies arising by the said subscriptions in the discharge of such other debts due or cpming due from them as they shall think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said bond debt Bond debt shall have been reduced to one million five hundred thousand note^oebelCen, pounds, as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said company Cre"afed, with-again to encrease their said bond debt in Great Britain beyond out the appro-that amount, except with the approbation of the board of com- bation of the missioners for the affairs of India, for that purpose in writing first fore^irs had and obtained; and that the whole encrease to be made to the of India, said bond debt shall in no wife exceed the sum of five hundred

thousand pounds, any act or afe to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Bublick act. and taken to be a publick act.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to allow the drawback of the duties of cnfoms and excise upon wines confirmed by admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers, on board ships of war in a final service, and to allow such ships to befupplied with tobaccoduty-free.

[June 3, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a drawback of the duties paid on the importation of wines consumed by admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers, serving on board his Majestfs ships of ivar, should be allowed, under certain conditions; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of customs and excise,

paid

[Preamble.]

A drawback of the duties to be allowed

no

on certain quantities of wine for the consumption of naval officers.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. [1793.

paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain1 shall be allowed on any sort of wine intended for the use of admirals, captains, or other commissioned officers employed in his Majesty's service, for their actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every year, and so in proportion for any greater or less time: provided that the quantity of any sort of wines taken together shall not exceed, in any one year, the rate and proportion herein after specified; that is to lay, every admiral fix tons, every vice admiral five tons, every rear admiral four tons, every captain of a first and second rate three tons, every captain of a third, fourth, and fifth rate two tons, every captain of every ship of an inferior rate than those above mentioned one ton, and every lieutenant and other commissioned officer of any ship of war half a ton.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in been^ald* ever7 admiral, captain, and other commissioned officer, who the drawback I^all ^ave Sported any such wines for his use or consumption to be allowed as aforesaid, or the merchant or other person or persons who at the port shall supply or furniffi such admirals, captains, or other commis-oi^the v\dne ^lonec^ officers respectively, with such wines for their use and being deliver- consumption as aforesaid, on due proof, according to the laws ed into the and regulations in force on and immediately before the passing custom ware- of this act, touching drawbacks of the duties of customs and ex-^ort'of1fffi16 c^e> that such wines have respectively paid the proper duties due

On proof of thedutieshav

ping. See.

and payable thereon, on the importation thereof into Great Britain, referring especially to the particular entries inwards, shall be paid and allowed, at the port where such duties have been originally received, the drawback of the whole of the said duties so paid thereon, on the same being delivered into any of his Majesty's warehouses at the custom house, into the charge, and custody of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs, at the port from whence the same shall be intended to be shipped or put on board any of his Majesty's ships of war in actual service, to be consumed as aforesaid; and on producing a certificate or certificates, in the nature of a debenture, from such collector and comptroller, of the particulars of the quantities and forts of such wines so respectively received by them, to the collectors of the customs and excise of the port where the duties thereon were originally paid, such collectors are hereby authorised and required to pay and allow the full amount of the respective duties of customs and excise which such wines had paid on the importation thereof: provided always, That the said drawback shall not be so allowed as aforesaid upon any wines but only on wines such as shall be delivered into the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of his Majesty's customs at some one of the following ports, for the purpose aforesaid, that is to say, London, Ro- chester, Deal, Dover, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Yarmouth, and Leith.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such wines shall be shipped on board any of his Majesty's ships of war, for the purpolb aforesaid, other than in the presence and

under

Drawback to be allowed

delivered into the charge of the custom -house officer at certain ports.

Wine to be ihipt in pre-fence of the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4S. nr

under the care and inspection of an officer or officers of the cuf- officer, who

toms, appointed for that purpose by the of of his ls to k, efP an 'i.»*j account there*

Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by and certify

the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port where the same, the same shall have been so warehoused as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, who shall and are hereby required to keep an ex-ad: account thereof, and to certify to the said collector and comptroller the adiual shipping thereof; and no part thereof, after Wine so shipt having been so shipped or put on board any of his Majesty's ships not to be re-of war for the purpose aforesaid, shall be unshipped or relanded o^ve^of* without the special leave of the commissioners of his Majesty's the customs, customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the collector and on penalty of comptroller of the customs at one of the ports herein-before enu- forfeiture, &c. merated, under penalty of the forfeiture thereof; and the person or persons concerned in unshipping or relanding the same, or any part thereof, without such leave as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures as any person or persons is or are subject and liable to, on being concerned in relanding or unshipping any goods intitled to drawback of duties on exportation from Great Britain as merchandize by any law in force on and immediately before the pasting of this act; and the Persons re-persons to whose hands such goods shall come, after the reland- rei^ndetTwlth-ing thereof, knowing the same, shall forfeit double the value out ieave> jia_ thereof; and the vessels made use of in unshipping or relanding ble to penalty, the same shall be subject to forfeiture. and theveflels

IV. Andy in order to provide a check for preventing more ukdfoifeited. wine than the quantities herein limited being supplied for the several officers for the purpose aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the collectors and comptrollers of Officers of the his Majesty's customs at the several and respectable ports, where customs to

any wines shall be delivered into their charge for the purpose traxiimjttothe A r*\ n. 11 r r \ > r r of

aforesaid, shall, from tune to time, in such manner as the com- an account of

missioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them the wine dein England for the time being, or the of of his Ma- live red into jesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the t<*ur charSe> time being, shall direct, transmit to such of respectively, or to such person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, a particular account in writing of the several and respective quantities and forts of wines received into their charge for the purpose aforesaid, and on account of what, officers the same have been so received, and what quantities of the same have been shipped on board his Majesty's ships of war, naming the particular ships on board which the same shall have been shipped, and the respective times when shipped, and the particular quantities and forts shipped at each time, and for the use of what officers: provided also, That if any wines shall have Naval officers been received into any custom house warehouse for the purpose defirousnotto aforesaid, and such admirals, captains, or other commissioned ^yje^tfroin officers respectively, shall be afterwards desirous not to ship the the warehouse same on board any ship of war in manner aforesaid, the collector on payment of and comptroller of the customs at the port where the same shall duty.

112

relanded on payment of duty.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. [1793.

have been so warehoused as aforesaid, shall, and are hereby required to deliver the same to such officers respectively, on payment of such duties to the proper officers appointed to receive the same, as such wines would be subject and liable to on a regular importation into Great Britain from foreign parts, and such wines on the removal thereof shall be subject and liable to all and every the rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which such wines respectively would have been subject and liable by any law in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, on a regular importation into Great Bri-Wine uncon- tain from foreign parts: provided likewise, That if any wines, fumed may be which shall have been shipped or put on board any ship of war for the purpose aforesaid, shall remain unconsumed, it shall be lawful for such admirals, captains, or other commissioned officers, to reland the same with the permission and under the care and inspection of the proper officers of the customs and excise reflectively at one of the ports herein-before enumerated, and on paying the like duties on such wines so relanded, as they would have been subject to on a regular importation, the same shall be delivered for consumption on shore, subject nevertheless on removal thereof to all and every the rules, restrictions, regulations, and forfeitures to which wines are subject and liable after having been regularly imported, and landed in Great Britain: provided never-

Drawbacknot theless. That this act shall not extend, or be construed to ex-to be allowed on any i unless w;

housed within less the same shall be received into such warehouse within the

from it* 1m ^Pace of three years from the time such wines were respectively

portation, normPortec^nto Great Britain, nor shall any drawback be allowed

on a less quan- for any less quantity of wine delivered into such warehouse as

titythan here- aforesaid, than thirty gallons in cask, and ten dozen in bottles

in specified. and in ascertaining the quantity, for which the drawback shall be Five Quart o i j>

bottles to be allowed, if in bottles, every five reputed quart bottles mall be

deemed a gal- deemed and taken to be equal to one gallon.

Ion. V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Officers re- any admiral, captain, or other commissioned officer, who shall

moved from, J /T 1 r r, r>

ffiips may have any wines mipped in pursuance of this act remaining on

transfer their board any ship of war, from which he is about to be removed,

property in and shall not be immediately employed again in any other ship

Wfficers> °^ier w°r5 anc^ 1S not desirous of landing the same for home consumption, it shall and may be lawful for such admiral, captain, or other commissioned officer, to transfer his property therein, to any other admiral, captain, or other commissioned officer, who shall and may lawfully receive the same, as part of his or their proportion of the quantities limited by this act, without payment of any duty for the same: provided that such wines be'transshipped by permission of the collector and comptroller of the

customs of the port of transshipping, being one of the ports here* in-before enumerated, and under the care and inspection of the proper officers of the customs, who shall and are hereby required to take a particular account thereof, and forthwith deliver the

any wine, tenc^ to a^ow any drawback upon wines delivered into any cuf-are-'tom house warehouse, for the purpose intended by this act, un-

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. 113

same to the collector and comptroller of the customs of the port where such wines shall have been transshipped as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers when any admiral, captain, or other commissioned officer, Iliali changing their change his ship, it shall and may be lawful to remove his sea their ^ea flock of liquors to any other ship of war to which such admiral, ^.ocj- Gf \f captain, or other commissioned officer, ill a 11 he appointed re- quors; speclively, without' landing the same, provided the said liquors be transshipped under the care and inspection of any officer or officers of the customs, appointed for that purpose by the collector and comptroller of the culloms at the port where such transship-pingshall take place, being orre of the ports herein-before enumerated; or it shall and may be lawful to reland the same, under the care and inspection of such officer or officers of the culloms, and to lodge the same in the custom house warehouse at such port, without payment of any duties whatever, and such liquors shall there remain until the same shall be taken out again and re-shipped under the care and inspection of the proper officers of the culloms on board any ship of war to which such admiral, captain, or other commissioned officer, is or may be appointed: provided also, That such admiral, captain, or other commis- ma7 fioned officer, shall bfe at liberty to take such liquors out of the conffimption^ said warehouse for home consumption, if he shall so think fit, Qn payment of first paying the full duties due for the same, subject, nevertheless, duty, to all such rules, regulations and restrictions as the same would have been subject to on a regular importation into Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such liquors, so deposited in any custom house ware- Such liquors, house as aforesaid, shall remain there more than twelve months, it deposited in unless further time be allowed by the commissioners of the customs for that purpose, the same shall and may be disposed of by to be order of the said of, and the produce thereof be ap- disposed or plied conformably to the directions of an act passed in the twelfth conformably year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An 11 $51 for encouraging the tobacco trade.

VIII. And whereas, by the laws now in force, none but tobacco of the grovoth of the British plantations, which fall have paid duty, and which fall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be legally used or con fumed on board any of his Majesty* s fits of war in any part of Europe: and whereas it is expedient that tobacco of the grovjtb or production of the British plantations in America, of the united fates of America, regularly imported into Great Britain, should be supplied to his Majesty's ftps of war for the use of the crews of such ftps, without payment of any duty, whatever, under certain conditions \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and Pursers of may be lawful for the purser of any ship of war in adhrai service, (hipsin adUnl on purchasing any such tobacco for the purpose aforesaid, which J^mov'To^ shall have been legally deposited in any warehouse now or here- ctTtqimports after to be appointed by the commissioners of the customs for the tobacco regu-reception of the same on importation thereof, to remove the larly imported

Vol. XXXIX.'I same, ^America,

114 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. [1793.

bouf'd^w'th ^ame' w*lt^out Payment of any duty whatever, by permission of Out payment* of of the customs, upon such conditions,

of duty. and under such regulations and restrictions as they may deem necessary for the security of the revenue, to the ports of Rochester, Portjhmith5 or Plymouth, there to be deposited in the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of such ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, on such tobacco being duly entered outwards, to permit the same to be shipped and put on board any ship of war in adhial service within the limits of their respective ports, under the care and inspection of the proper officers.

Purser to pro

IX. Provided always, That before shipping any part thereof, duce a certi- such purser shall produce to the collectors and comptrollers of ficate from is fuc|1 ports respectively, a certificate under the hand of the cap-?P_ai, n_ tain of the ship to which such purser shall belong, ascertaining that he is the purser of such ship, and that (he is in actual service, and specifying the number of men of which her crew con-sids, on the back of which certificate such purser shall make oath before such collectors and comptrollers (who are hereby authorised to administer the same), that the tobacco so about to be shipped is really and truly meant and intended for the use and consumption of the crew of such ship of war, and that no part thereof shall be by him, or with his privity, consent, or knowledge, relanded in any part of Great Britain, without special leave first had and obtained from the proper officers of his Majesty's customs for that purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey\ Alderney, Sark, or Man; which certificate and affidavit are to remain in the hands of such collectors and comptrollers respectively, who are hereby required, immediately after the shipping of any such tobacco as aforesaid, to transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs copies of such certificate and affidavit, mentioning the time when, and the quantity of tobacco that has been so shipped as aforesaid; and the said of are hereby required to cause an account thereof to be kept by some officer or officers appointed by them for that purpose, in order that recourse may be had thereto as occasion shall require.

No more than

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That alb. of tobacco no greater quantity of such tobacco shall be allowed to any such

identity, Sec, and to make oath to the particulars herein specified.

Certificate and affidavit to remain with the officer of the customs, who is to transmit copies, &c. to the of.

montlf to be war r^an tw0 Pounds weight avoirdupois by the lunar

allowed, nor month for each of the seamen, or other persons belonging to and more than fix serving on board such ship, nor shall any greater quantity be months allow- permitted to be shipped at one and the same time, than will be sufficient to serve the crew of such ship for six months at and after the rate above-mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the tobacco, so supplied as aforesaid, shall be consumed in the proportions aforesaid on board any ship of war, it shall and may be lawful for the purser to purchase, in

ance to he jfhipt at the same time.

Pursers may purchase fur ther quantities of tobacco

as supplies are manner as aforesaid, a further necessary quantity of tobacco, consumed, and to furnish the ship to which he shall belong with the same,

con-

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48. 115

conforming in every respect to the rules, regulations, and re-ftridfions, prescribed in this act, as in the case of the first quantity so supplied as aforesaid: provided also, That, before shipping on giving bond of any such tobacco, the purser of every such fit ip shall give security, by bond with one other sufficient surety, in the penalty of treble the duties of such tobacco, that no part of the said tobacco so intended to be shipped shall, after shipping thereof, be relanded in any part of Great Britain, without permission first had and obtained from the proper officers of his Majesty's customs for that purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the irtands of Guernfiey, Jersey1 Alderney, Sark^ or Man,

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when Pursers, oil any purser shall be removed from any one of his Majesty ships changingthdr of war to another, he shall be at liberty to remove the remains ^cca of any such tobacco, so supplied as aforesaid, from the ship he is on leave from about to quit into the ship to which he shall be appointed, leave the officer of being first obtained by him from the collector and comptroller of the customs at; the port where such ships shall happen to be, who are hereby the port, authorised to permit the same under the care and inspecHon of

proper officers, on oath being first made by such purser before them, who are hereby authorised to administer the same, that the tobacco so intended to be transshipped is really and bona fide part of the tobacco which had been so supplied as aforesaid, describing the time when, and the port where such tobacco was first shipped, and such collector and comptroller are immediately after the transshipping to give an account of the particulars to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called England.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any ship of war shall be paid off, then the remains Remains of of the tobacco so supplied as aforesaid, shall be landed and de- tobacco when posited in the custom house warehouse at the port where such^jPs are ship shall be so paid off as aforesaid, with the permission of the and

collector and comptroller of such port, and may be again fur- deposited in nished and supplied to the purser of any other ship of war, on the custom such last mentioned purser giving bond and making oath in like of the manner as was done by the former purser on the original ship- port> and shipping thereof, and on his complying in all respects with the like plied to other regulations; but in.case the said tobacco shall not be so reship- purfers, See. ped, or the full duties paid thereon, within six months from the but if not rerelanding thereof, (unless further time shall be allowed by the shipped, or_ of of the customs for that purpose), the same shall be sold and disposed of by order of the said of, and may be f0]d' the produce thereof applied conformably to the directions of the conformably the said act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late to i* Anna; Majesty Queen Anne.

[Tobacco sold

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tobacco so sold by order of the said of, or

- tobacco for which any purser shall think fit to pay the full duties floners of the as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable in all respectc to each and customs, Sec. every the conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, liable to tUe

2 and same rules as

*i6 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

[179?.

veredCfbr^e^' anc^ forfeitures as tobacco delivered out of any custom house home con- warehouse for home consumption would be subject and liable to.

fumplion.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this act application shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of forfeitures. 0fy \n Rich manner, and by Rich ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods or ve-fiels forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs on and immediately before the passing of this act, might legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act shall be intitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they were by law intitled to, on and immediately before the passing of this act, on prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary line or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they were, on and immediately before the passing of this act, by any law or regulation intitled to, on prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for further continuing and amending an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom.

[June 3, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

9 Geo. 2. c. 37, for encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, continued to Sept. 29,795> &c-

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned hath, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom), which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which by several subsequent acts, made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first years of his said Majesty's reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no part of the penalties in the said act contained, which do not attach to double sail cloth, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Brit if) canvas made with Tingle thread warps, corded or not corded, and fit for' or made into fads, and that such Tingle canvas shall be deemed British sail cloth, and be equally intitled with double canvas to the bounties granted by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (intituled An act for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain), and by an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for further encouraging the manufacture QTBrituli sail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned, and allowing an additional bounty on British made sail cloth exported, and for

stamping British made sail cloth with the name and place cj abode of the maker.)

III. Provided always, That the said Tingle thread Tail cloth be made of equally good materials, and be conformable in weights, and all other things, to the restrictions on double thread sail cloth contained in the said act hereby continued.

CAP. L.

117

Penalties of continued act, which do not attach to double sail cloth, not to extend to British canvas made with single thread vvai ps, See.

Single thread to be conformable to therestrictions on double thread sail cloth.

An act to amend an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of hti present Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in foreign flips, into and from certain ports and places in the West indies; and for amending so much of an act, mack in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present A'lajefiy, as relates to permitting the importation of sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and so much of two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his present Majestfts reign, as prohibits the importation of timber into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any foreign colony or plantation in the West Indies or South Afnerica; and so much of the said act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Mcftcfft s reign, as prohibits the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from any country belonging to the united states of America. — June 3, 1793.]

WHEREAS by four acts of parliament now in force, one

[Preamble.]

passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present May eft ft s reign, intituled An act for allowing the importation and expor- 27 Geo. 3. c. tation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports 27' of Kingst on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Rojeciu in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Naffair in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; another, passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending an act, p.afled in the twenty-Teventh 3° Geo. 3. c. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 29*

113 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1793.

allowing the importation asid exportation of certain goods, wares, merchandise, zzz the ports ^/'Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea in the if and of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port tf/'NaiTau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifancls, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities, the growth and production of the countries

31 Geo. 3. c. bordering on the province of Quebec; another, passed in the thirty-38; and frf year of his present Majests reign, intituled An act to amend an

act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West India islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America, and between his Majesty's laid subjects and the foreign islands in the IVef Indies; and also an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majests reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of King-son, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the

32 Geo. 3. c. Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; and 37> recited, another act passed in the thirty second year of his present Majests

reign, for making perpetual the aforesaid act, pafed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majests reign, it is provided that wool,

' cotton ivool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, logivood, fufic, and all forts of ivood for dyers use, hides, f ins, and talloiv, beaver, and all forts of furs, 'for to fef ell, hardwood, or mill timber, mahogany and all other woods for cabinet ware, horses, ases, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colonies or r plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any

foreign European sovereign or fate, and all coin and builion, diamonds or precious f ones, may be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the ifand of Grenada, the port of K ofeau in the if and of Dominica, and the port of Nassau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, in any foreign foop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by the subjects of any foreign European sovereign orfate, or by persons inhabiting any of the countries belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or fate, on the continent of America, and again exported from thence under certain regulations and restrictions: and whereas it is expedient to per?nit the said goods and commodities, in like manner, to be imported into certain other ports in the West Indies, and in like manner to be again exported from thence; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the T 1 10 ac*vice anc* consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and com-1-9 the*mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority goods herein- of the fame3 That, Bom and after the tenth day of July one before enu- thousand

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.' 119

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, all the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated and describer), shall and ma7 into the^ort be imported into the port of Antonio in the island of Jamaica-) and of Antonio in the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua, in the like Jamaica, and foreign ships and vesselsj and be again exported from thence to St. lonn s such part of his Majesty's dominions, to which the exportation and exported of the same is permitted by any of the said acts, under the same from thence, rules, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the like penal- under the reties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the manner in Sl^tions^of the said acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained. CL s'

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every A&5 respect-thing in this act contained, respecting the said port of Saint

John's in the island of Antigua, shall continue and be in force to be in force until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- till July io, seven, and no longer.79 7*

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said No goods, extenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, eept those

no goods, wares, or merchandize, (except such as are herein- moated°to before enumerated and described, and except tobacco as herein- be'imported after mentioned) shall be imported in any such foreign ship or in foreign vef-vessel whatever, from any of the colonies or plantations in Ams- fe*s fr?m rtca, belonging to, or under the dominion of, any foreign European sovereign or slate, into any of the before-mentioned ports, ing to foreign upon any pretence whatever, upon pain of forfeiting the same, European together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be im- states> or? pe-ported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of such ot 101' Chip or vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- hut rum of ful, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to export from any of the said ports, C£cne-

to any of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or may be ex-under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or hate, ported from in any such foreign ship or vessel whatever, owned and navigated the said ports as aforesaid, rum of the produce of any British island, and also ^cSUCil L° negroes which shall have been brought into the said islands respectively in British-built {hips, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and all manner of goods, wares, or merchandize, which shall have been legally imported into the said islands respectively, except mails, yards, or bowsprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and tobacco, and a!so except such iron as shall have been brought from the British colonies or plantations in America; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

?y. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if The legality any doubts shall arise whether such goods, wares, or merchan-Tnto - dize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally import- Anti mi a, of ed into the said island of Antigua, the legality of such importation goods intend-shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the collector and ed to be excomptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, at the port ^ed^the of exportation, before such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall £uft0m house fee suffered to be shipped for exportation. officer.

120 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1793.

No goods of

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Europe^or 0t tent^ day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, places beyond no goods or commodities whatever of the growth, production, the Cape of or manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other places Good Hope, beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any pretence what- from ^ntigifa Gver' be exported from the island of Antigua, to any other British to any British colony or plantation in America, or the West Indies, upon pain of in forfeiting such goods or commodities, together with the ship or

vessel in which the same shall be so exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, of such ship or vessel.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, if any foreign ship or vessel as aforesaid arriving at or in any of the iris arriving at a fore said ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa herein^ien Lucca and Antonio in the island of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, the port of Naffait in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, and the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua, shall have on board any goods or commodities'whatever of the growth, production, or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, such goods or commodities shall be forfeited, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be brought, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, whether such goods or commodities shall be intended to be landed or not, or whether bulk shall have been broken or not.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the island* or^of day sub one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three,

parts of Ame- tobacco being the growth or production of any island in the West rica belonging Indies, or of any country on the continent of America belonging to foreign so or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or'be ^atc, ' may.be imported from any of the said islands'or countries imported mto into any of the said ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego the ports here- Bay, Santa Lucca and Antonio in the island of Jamaica, the port in-mentioned cf Saint George in the island of Grenada, the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, and the port of Saint John's

colony m America, or the West Indies, under penalty of forfeiture. Foreign vef-

tioned, with goods of the Fast Indies, &c. to be for-

Tnb'icco of West India

in foreign ships, and exported to

Great Britain in the island of Antigua, in the like foreign ships and vessels, and or Ireland. be again exported from thence to Great Britain or Ireland, under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures, as are in the said abls, or any of ^j*Vmti°> them' mentioned and contained.

on into Great IX. And be it further enacted, That all such tobacco so imported into any of the said ports shall, when imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from any of the said ports, pay the same duties of customs and excise, and none other, as tobacco the growth or production of any of his Majesty's plantations in the V/efc Indues, or of the territories of the united hates of America, and be subject to the same rules, regulations, conditions, and

to the lame forfeitures and penalties

Britain, to be liable to the same duties as tobacco from his M: t-5eft v's West India plantations, or the united fbtes A America.

reflribbons, and be liable for the breach thereof.

1793 1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.' 121

X. And whereas by an all, passed in the thirty-second year of his 3^ Geo. 3. c, present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the allow- 434 incited, ance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships, it was, amongst other things, enaPled, That it shall be lawful to i?nport into the port of Naflku in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, and into such other port or ports in the said Bahama islands, or the island of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in council, sugar and coffee, the produce of any foreign country or plantation, in such foreign ships, and subject to such regulations as are prescribed in the aforesaid aPts, passed in the twenty seventh and thirtieth years of his present Majestf s reign: and whereas it is expedient that the like importation of sugar and coffee should be permitted in certain other ports in the West India islands belonging to his Majesty\ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from Foreign sugar and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and coff?e and ninety-three, to import into such port or ports in the islands ^ed^into called Caicos, as shall be approved by his Majesty in council, such ports in sugar and coffee the produce of any foreign country or planta- the ifhnds tion, in such foreign ships, and subject to such regulations as are calledCiicos, prescribed in the said last mentioned acts, with respect to the ports therein mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That sugar and coffee which Such sugar shall be imported into any of the said ports in the said islands an<^ c°ffee im-called Caicos, or which shall have been or may hereafter be im-^p^per ported into the port of NaJJ'au in the island of Neiv Providence, or m[tted by this into such port or ports in the said Bahama islands, or in the island and last recit-of Bermuda, as have been, or may hereafter be approved by his ed act, may Majesty in council, under authority of the last mentioned act passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, mentofduty. may be imported into, and again exported from, any of the said ports, without payment of any duty of culloms whatsoever; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, on the importation of Such sugar or any sugar or coffee into Great Britain, or into any other part of ed^romThe^ his Majesty's dominions, from any such port in the said islands inandg called called Caicos, such sugar or coffee shall respectively be deemed to Caicos, into be not of the British plantations, and shall be liable to and shall his Majesty's pay duty of customs and excise as such, and may be warehoused dominions, to in like manner, and shall be subject to the regulations of the said Of the BHtifti last mentioned act passed in the thirty-second year of his present plantations, Majesty's reign, and of each and every other act and acts of par- &c. liament in force at the time of the importation of such sugar or coffee, so far as they relate to sugar or coffee not of the Bntjh plantations.

XIII. And whereas by an apt, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Alaje/iy, intituled An act for regulating the 28 Geo. 3. c. trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and planta- 6. tions in North America, and in the IVcjl India islands, and the Countries belonging to the united states ot America) and between

Timber of Certain species may be imported into his Majesty's West India 5(lands from South America, &c.

Pitch, See* the production of the united states of America, may be

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1793.

his Majesty's said subjects and the foreignMflands in the West Indies; and by the aforesaid all passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no timber of any fort shall be imported or brought into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which description the Bahama islands, and the Bermuda or Somers islands are included) from any island in the West Indies, or from any colony or plantation whatsoever on the continent of South America, under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign orft ate, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas it is expedient, that the planters, and others being his Majesty's subjects in the islands under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, should, notwithstanding the provisions so made in the said recited acts, passed in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty's reign, be supplied from the continent of South America, and from the islands of Tri-nidada and Porto Rico, with certain species of timber to be used in the construction of mills and other ivorks necessary in the manufacture of sugar; be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful to import in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, into the said islands under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, or any of them, from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or state, or from the islands of Trinidada and Porto Rico in the West Indies, or either of them, the following species of timber; that is to say, bully tree, purple heart^ green heart, black heart, mastic, wallabaw, yellow faunders, locusts, or bastard mahogany, being the growth or production of any of the said colonies, plantations, or islands, notwithstanding the said recited acts, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force.

XIV. And whereas by the aforesaid act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That no goods or commodities whatsoever shall be imported from any of the territories belonging to the united states of America, into the provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, or the islands of Cape Breton, Saint joh n's or Newfoundland, or into any country or island within their respective governments, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the ship or vessel importing the same, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas his Majesty's subjects in the before mentioned provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, contribute greatly to the navigation of the British dominions by building great numbers of ships in the ports of the said provinces, but are in want of pitch, tar, and turpenti?ie for the purposes aforesaid; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to import pitch, tar, and turpentine, being the growth or production of any of the territories belonging

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. 123

to the said united states of America, from any of the territories imported of the said united states into the provinces of Nova Scotia and [n^Nova06 New Brunswick; provided that such pitch, tar, or turpentine scotia and shall not be imported except by British subjectcs, and in British- New Brunf-built ships owned by his Majesty's subjects, and navigated ac- wick by Bri-cprding to law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all ships, vessels, goods How forfti-or commodities, or other things, which shall be forfeited by vir- tures are to tue of any of the provisions of this act, shall and may be seized be prosecuted and prosecuted, and the produce thereof applied and disposed of and aPPlieck in such and the like manner, and by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as are provided in any of the aforesaid acts respecting the seizure and prosecution of forfeitures.

CAP. LI.

An act for rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made and passed in this session of parliament, of were appointed for the issue of cer- 33 Geo. 3. c. tain exchequer bills in the manner therein mentioned; who have taken 29> recited. upon themselves the execution of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of ap- Commission-pointed by the said act to advance and lend exchequer bills, to be efs under re" made out in pursuance of the said act, to any person or persons, on the security of any wares or merchandizes the property of any quer bills to other person or persons, with the consent of the lawful owner or persons on the owners thereof, such consent to be testified and proved, to the satisfaction of such of, in such manner as they, or the Consent of any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that such the owners; wares or merchandizes, being pledged with such consent as aforesaid, shall be bound as fully and effectually as if such exchequer bills were advanced and lent to the true proprietor or proprietors thereof respectively, under the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- and may take ful for the said of appointed by the said act, in all exchequer cases where they shall see occasion, to accept and take, as a further and additional security for any loan already made, or to curity^above be made, of any such exchequer bills, or any part of such loan, the security over and above the security required by the said act, any exche- required by quer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negociable reclted aft. securities for money whatever, which shall be deposited for that purpose, as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall direct; and all such exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negociable securities for money5 so deposited,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1795.

Partners to give, besides the required security, a promi/Tory note for such futn as the of shall direct.

shall, in default of payment of such loan in the manner directed by the said act, become and be vested in the said commissionets, and shall and may be sold and disposed of, or the monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due course of law, in the name of their secretary for the time being, for the use of the said of under the said act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons carrying on trade in a partnership or firm with any other person or persons, shall apply for any exchequer bills to be ad-, vanced. by virtue of the said act, on any of the securities therein mentioned, and shall {hew, to the satisfaction of the said of, that such exchequer bills are to be advanced to such person or persons for the use of the said partnership, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so applying for such advance to give to the said of, over and above the security required by the said act, a promissory note or promi/Tory notes, in the parternership firm, in such sum or sums of money respectively, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the sum to be advanced to such person or persons, with interest for the same, according to the said act, as the said of shall direct; which promi/Tory notes as aforesaid shall respectively be made payable to the secretary of the said of for the time being, at such times, and in such proportions, as the advance to be made to the person or persons so applying shall be stipulated to be paid by the obligation or obligations to be entered into by such person or persons pursuant to the said act; which notes shall be respectively made in the form following (that is to say);

Form of note. TT/ & promise to pay to the secretary of the commissioners for the issue* of certain exchequer bills for the time beings the sum of

zuith interest for the same, at the rate offive pounds per centum by the year, from the date hereof on the

day of now next ensuing.

Provided that separate and distinct notes shall be made and given by such person or persons as aforesaid, in respect of each install-S c tarvmav ment to Pa^ t^e ^um advanced, pursuant to the said act; sue upon y and it shall be lawful for the secretary to the said of

notes. for the time being to sue upon every such note.

Commission-

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful ers may annul for the said of appointed by the said act, in every case °riofato°this w^ere t^ey shall have ma^e any advance in exchequer bills, on ad?and trike the security of any obligation or obligations with sureties execut-new ones. ed before the passing of this act, to accept and take from the principal debtor or debtors, and also from the several sureties thereto, or any of them, or any other person or persons as surety or sureties, another obligation or other obligations to his Majesty as a security for the same debt, with like conditions thereto respectively subscribed for the payment of the said debt, with interest, at the several times, and in the manner mentioned in such former

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. 125

obligation or obligations, and with the concurrent consent of such principal debtor or debtors, and all the several sureties already bound for the said debt, to cancel and annul such former obligation or obligations, and that every obligation entered into after the passing of this act, as a security for the repayment of any loan made before the passing of this act, shall have the like force and effect, and shall be enforced and prosecuted with the like powers and remedies, and shall be subject to the like terms, conditions, and limitations, and the money thereby secured shall be recoverable by the like ways and means, in all respects, as if such obligation had been entered into as a security for any loan made by the said of after the passing of this act,

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any advance in ex- Partners chequer bills shall be made to any person or persons concerned estates liable in any partnership, upon the application of any person or persons ^d^them^on to the said of to make such advance to the use of t^e security the said partnership, and such advance or any part thereof of others, &c. shall have been actually applied to the use of the said partnership, then the estate and effects of such partnership shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the sums advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with interest for the same, and all costs attending the recovery thereof, as in case of debt found on record to the King's majesty, notwithstanding the said of shall or may have taken securities for the same debt in the name or names of any other person or persons than the persons concerned in such partnership, or in the name or names of any one or more of such partners; and in case it shall be made appear, by affidavit, to any baron of the respective courts of exchequer in England and Scotland, that such advance, or such part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the use of the said partnership, and the same being found on record, it shall be lawful for such baron to cause an extent to be issued against the estate and effects of such partnership^ to the amount of the sum so actually applied with interest thereupon and costs as aforesaid, in the same manner as if the advance so actually applied was an immediate debt from all the persons concerned in such partnership to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lavy-'Commission-ful for the said of appointed by the said act to advance ers may ad-and lend to the respective companies of the incorporated banks Vtie^bills to^ in Scotland., called the bank of Scotland, and the royal bank, and t^ineorpo*-for the said banks respectively to borrow from the said comm if- rated banks sioners any sum of money in exchequer bills, on any of the fecu- in Scotland, rities mentioned, in the same manner as if such sums respectively were lent and borrowed in Scotland, tuny charter, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any obligation to the Kings majesty, in the form mentioned in the said act, being under the seals of such corporations respectively, and every other security made in the usual form of such securities for money borrowed by such corporations respectively in Scotland, which have been, since the passing of the said act, or which shall be entered

Commissioners may take, as additional security, heri table fecuvitie on estates in Scotland, or alignments thereof, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1793.

into, or given to or deposited with the said of, as a security for such loans respectively, Avail be good and valid in law, and shall be respectively proceeded upon for the recovery of such loans, with interest reserved thereon, and costs attending the recovery of the same, in the manner directed, as fully and effectually as if such money had been borrowed in Scotland, under the powers, limitations, and provisions, contained in any charter or charters relating to the said corporations respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said of appointed by the said act, in all cases.where they shall see occasion, to accept and take, as a further i and additional security for any loan already made or to be made of any sum in such exchequer bills as aforesaid, or part of such loan, from any principal or surety in such loan, or other person or persons having lands, heritages, or other real estates in Scotland, any heritable security whatever which may affect, incumber, or charge the said real estates of such principals or sureties, or such other persons as aforesaid, by the laws of Scotland, and also to accept and take, as a like further and additional security from any such principal or surety, or other person or persons possessed of any heritable security, affecting, incumbering, or charging any real estates in Scotland, any assignment of such heritable security prepared according to the forms prescribed by the laws of Scotland, and that every such heritable security which shall be so granted or constituted, and every alignment of any heritable security which shall be so made as such further and additional security for such loan as aforesaid, shall respectively be granted, constituted, and made to and in the name of the secretary to the said of for the time being, in trust for the said commissioners in terms of the loan for which the same shall be a security; and the said secretary for the time being shall, under the directions of the said of, have full power and authority to perform, execute, and carry into effect, any acts, matters, and things whatever, which shall be requiftte for the further and better assuring and validating any such heritable security or alignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting, and pursuing the same for the recovery of the sums for which such securities were respectively granted, constituted, and made, in all courts of competent jurisdiction in Scotland, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same securities respectively were granted, constituted, and made to the secretary for the time being, as a security for his own proper debt in Scotland; and that on payment or satisfaction of the principal sums for which such security shall be given, with interest for the lame, and all costs incurred in recovering the same; and the said secretary for the time being Aiall, and he is hereby authorised under the direction of the said of, to execute, on behalf of the said of, a discharge and renunciation of the said money so paid or satisfied to be prepared at the costs of the party or parties making such payment or satisfaction according to the forms prescribed by law for discharging and renouncing an heritable

127

debt or incumbrance upon a real estate in Scotland., and that such discharge and renunciation shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person as surety Iffureties give shall give any such additional security as in this act is mentioned, f^and over and above such obligation or other security for any loan as payment of

is required by the said aef, and if any payment shall be made of loan be made any part of such loan in consequence of such additional security in confe-being so given, and in discharge thereof, every such payment shall be deemed and taken to be made under the obligation en- title the surety tered into by such surety, and in discharge or in part discharge to remedy thereof, for the purpose of entitling such surety, his executors, or against the.administrators, and such payment shall entile such surety, his ^ebtorLidthe executors and administrators respectively, to the like remedy co.sureties* from the principal debtor or debtors in the said loan, his or their 9

heirs, executors, or administrators, for the reimbursement of the sums so paid or satissted, and from the co-sureties in the said loan for the like contribution as if such payment or satisfaction had actually been made upon the obligation entered into by such surety; and if any person not being a party to any obligation entered into andifpersons by virtue of the said act, shall give such further security for any npt obligees, loan as in this acb is particularly mentioned, and any payment ^uritrt'and -or satisfaction of such loan, or any part thereof, shall be made in payment consequence of such further security being so given, and in dif- be made, the charge thereof, every such payment or satisfaction shall intitle the Party making party making the same, his executors or administrators, to the like cn^tledtothe remedy from the principal debtor or debtors in the said loan, his same remedy or their heirs, executors or administrators, for the reimbursement as if he had of the sums so paid or satissted, as if such person had entered into been a surety. an obligaton as surety, and such payment had been made thereupon, and that in every case of such payment upon or in confe- In case of such quence of such additional security, as well the obligation or ob- payment in ligations of such principal debtor or debtors entered into by vir- ^|fftu.ence tue of the said act, as all and every the additional securities which securities^the have been given by such principal debtor or debtors by virtue of obligation of this a6F, shall severally and respectively stand and remain as fecu- principal rities for the purpose of such reimbursement in the manner di- debtors and re6fed by the said act, in cases of payment by sureties upon obit- curides^given gations, and until the whole of the sums so paid or satisfied shall by them to be fully reimbursed, and that such proceedings shall and may be remain as had upon any additional securities given by such principal debtor securities, or debtors for the recovery of the sums so paid for the benefit of the respective parties making such payments, their executors or administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the recovery of the sums due and payable to the said commissioners, notwithstanding the said loan shall have been fully repaid to the said commi (ft oners.

IX. And be it further eriafired, That the said of Commission-appointed by the said act shall, and they are hereby authorised ers to provide and required to provide from time to time, such warehouses or

places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing mPe^ot^Lon-

e wares don.

Commissioners to receive applications for loans not under aooool. on tender of a deposit of double the turn applied for.

Provisions applying to commissions of bankruptcy to extend to sequestration against estates o bankrupts in Scotland.

wares or merchandizes deposited with them at any place nob more than ten miles distant from the standard in Cornhill, in the city of London, and that such custody shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were deposited in London, in pursuance of the said act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said of appointed by the said act shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to receive any applications made for the loan of any sum of money less than the sum of four thousand pounds, and not Jess than the sum of two thousand pounds, and to act thereupon according to the rules and regulations of the said act with respect to applications therein mentioned; provided that such applications for less than the sum of four thousand pounds shall tender a security in wares and merchandizes to be deposited under the directions of the said act, to the amount of double the sum applied for, and that no loan for any less sum than four thousand pounds shall be made by the said of, unless wares or merchandizes to the amount of double the sum so lent, shall be deposited in pursuance of the directions of the said act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every provision in the said act made with application to any commission or commissions of bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any sequestration awarded or to be awarded against the estate or effects of any bankrupt or bankrupts in Scotland-, as fully and effectually as if such provision had been expressly applied thereto by the said act.

Deposits in the custody of officers of the customs or excise, according to recited act, to be deemed a deposit by this act.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all wares and merchandizes which shall be placed under the custody of any officer or officers of the customs or excise in any rooms, ware-houses, or places belonging to the owner or owners of such wares or merchandizes, in any of the places mentioned in the said act for the deposit of wares and merchandizes, and which shall be approved by the said of, as a security for any loan under the said act, shall be deemed a deposit of wares and merchandizes within the true intent and meaning of the said aCI, and shall and may be kept and secured in the custody of such officer or officers of the customs or excise, in such warehouses, rooms, or places of such owner or owners respectively, as a Security for such loan, and until payment thereof, under such rules and regulations as shall be from time to time prescribed by the said of, and under the several restrictions, conditions, exemptions, privileges, and advantages, and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same wares and merchandizes were deposited as such security in the custody of the said of under the said a£L

Securities of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every obligation or 'ominS bank ot^er ^ecur^y entered into or given, from and after the passing of ruptsin En--- a(ft> by any person or persons, either as principal or surety, land to be & who shall afterwards become bankrupt within the true intent and forfeited, and meaning of the several statutes made, and now in force, concern-the claims of ing bankrupts^ and against whom a commission of bankrupt shall

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. 129

be awarded and issued out in that part of Great Britain called Eng- the commis-land, shall, by reason and force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of such bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and^?

payable, as against such- bankrupt or bankrupts; and that all the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the demands of the creditors seeking relief under such commission of bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the principal and interest due upon such obligation or other security, and all coifs attending the recovery of the same; and jhat the claims of the said of shall be first paid and finished out of the estate and efifefts of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors: and it shall be lawful for the said of, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply by petition, in a summary way, to the proper courts in England, having jurisdiction of the matters of such commission of bankruptcy, to make due order accordingly, which such courts respectively are herb by authorised and required to make.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every obligation or and also in other security entered into or given, from and after the passing Scotland, &c, of this act, by any person or persons, either as principal or surety,

who shall afterwards become bankrupt, and against whole estate sequestration shall be awarded in Scotland\ shall, by reason and force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of the date of the first deliverance, on the petition to the court of session for awarding the sequestration, become and be due and payable as against such bankrupt or bankrupts, and that all the estate and effects, real and personal, of such bankrupt or bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the demands of the creditors seeking relief under such sequestration, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the principal and interest due upon such obligation or other security, and all costs attending the recovery of the same; and that the claims of the said corn-mi ffioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors, nevertheless without prejudice to preferences duly obtained, according to the law of Scotland, upon the real estates of persons who shall become bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said of, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply, by petition in a summary.way, to the proper courts in Scotland., having jurisdiction of the matters of such bankruptcy, for making effectual the payment of the claims of the said of accordingly, and which such courts are hereby, authorised and required to make.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commission-

and maybe lawful for the said of appointed by the ersmayac-said act to accept from the assignees under any commission of ny

bankruptcy issued, or from the factor or factors, trustee or trustees, fronVbank-under any sequestration awarded, against any principal debtor or vupts. debtors in any such loan under the said act, such security for the

13o

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1793.

payment of the (urn clue from such bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their estate or effects, as the said of shall approve; and that the acceptance of such security by the said of shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts, for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or sequestration in Scotland\ from all claims whatever by the said of, other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said of and the said assignees* under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or between the said of and the said fadlor or factors, trustee or trustees, under the said sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said of for such security as aforesaid, in case the said of shall require such security.

Commission-

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case proTiftonalfe- <^e^t grow due to^of from any such curity from bankrupt or bankrupts, as a surety or sureties upon any such loan the assignees as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said of to accept from the assignees under such commission of bankruptcy in England\ or from the fadlor or factors, trustee or trustees, under such sequestration in Scotland, such provisional security for the payment of the sum due from such bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their estate or efifeels, as the said of shall approve, such provisional security to be void on the payment or satisfaction of the sum lo due by the principal debtor or debtors, or by the accceptance of other surety or sureties in lieu thereof, in the manner herein after mentioned; provided that such acceptance of such provisional security by the said of shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts* for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or sequestration in Scotland, from all claims whatsoever by the said of, other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said of and the said assignees, under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or between the said of and the said factor or factors, trustee or trustees, under the said sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said of for such provisional security as aforesaid, in case the said of shall require such security.

XVII. Provided always, That any such release of the estate or estateor effects effects of any such bankrupt or bankrupts as aforesaid, whether of bankrupts principals or sureties upon any such loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken, either in law or equity, to discharge any other person or persons, or the estate or effects of any other person or persons, or to aftedt any other security for the same debt or in any manner to prevent any contribution amongst sureties or any demand of sureties against their principals provided for by the said act.

; If principal

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such surety or debtors do not sureties upon any such loan by the said of under the

of sureties, which shall be void on payment of the money due by the principal debtor, &c.

Release of

not to discharge other Securities.

laid act shall be declared bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal

lumiefonMla, d act half the sum debtor or debtors thereon shall riot, within fourteen days after

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. f 51; 13 r

notice thereof and requisition made for that purpose by the said for which of, produce another surety or other sureties, to be ap- ^ies^cre proved of by the said commissioners, to become bound, and who bOUTKj, pro_ shall accordingly become bound, in the said sum by the like fecu- cess may be rity or securities, in lieu of the surety or sureties so becoming ihued" against bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said of One half ^or of the sum for which such surety or sureties were bound by such security or securities, then the security and securities given or entered into by such principal debtor or debtors shall be deemed forfeited as far as to the amount of one half of the sum or sums in which such surety or sureties were bound respectively; and it shall and may lawful for the said of to cause process to be issued, in the manner prescribed by the said act, against the principal debtor or debtors, his and their heirs, executors, and administrators, for the recovery of one half part of all and every the sum and sums in which such surety or sureties were bound respectively, together with interest and costs, to be directed by the said of in pursuance of the said act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Comiffiffion-the said commissioners, in the name of their secretary for the maY aPPty time being, to apply, by petition or otherwise, to the proper

for commissions of back-

courts in England and Scotland respectively, for any commission rUptcy or of bankruptcy or fequedration against the estate or effects of any sequestration* bankrupt or bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the same respectively, in like manner as any other creditor or creditors is or are by law intitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the of Commission-

named in any commission of bankruptcy which shall at any time ers of bank-hereafter be awarded and issued out in England, and the court of

session or lord ordinary officiating, on the bills for the time, and of debt upon every officer or other person concerned in the management of the oath of the fequedered estate of any bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the persons approof of any debt or grounds of debt under the said act, on the the^omrmf-oath, affirmation, or affidavit of any person appointed by the said sioners under* commissioners to act in the execution of the said act, which recited act, oath, affirmation, and affidavit respectively shall be taken and ad- ^c* minidered before any of the proper officers, having authority by

law to administer oaths or affirmations, or to take, affidavits in cases of bankruptcy; and shall permit such person so authori fed by the said of, to vote in the choice of an aiiignee or assignees, faster or factors, trudee or trustees, as the case may require, of such bankrupt's estate and effects, and to do and execute every other act, matter, and thing relating to such bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such person so authorised was the bona fide creditor of such bankrupt or bankrupts.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- AftnOttode* thing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to lay execti-prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any commission of bankruptcy by the of therein named, according to the bankruptcy,

K 2 laws See.

Obligations under recited or this act riot liable to stamp duty.

Provisions of this to extend to recited act; and of recited act to this.

Commencement of act.

Exchequer bills made payable on December 31, 1793, to be deemed payable on December 30.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1793.

laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, or the proceeding to or under sequestration in Scotland\ provided that every alignment of the estate or effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts under the said commission in England, and every act of sequestration of the estate or effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the claims of the said of appointed by the said act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no obligation to his Majesty, taken by the said of from and after the passing the said act, or to be taken from and after the passing of this act, nor any promissory note to be given to the secretary to the said of under this act, as a security for the loan of money in such exchequer bills'as aforesaid, nor any affidavit, deposition, or receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of the said acts, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the provisions of this act shall, in the execution of the said act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to dir eft the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned, be used, and applied, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions were specially enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the said act shall, in the execution of this act, and in the application of the monies recovered or arising upon any instrument or other security taken or deposited by virtue of this act, be used, applied, extended, and construed in like manner, as if the same provisions Were specially enacted in this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence from and after the day when the same shall receive the royal assent.

XXV. And whereas certain exchequer bills have been prepared at the receipt of the exchequer, under the said act, zvkich are made payable on the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and which were dir eft ed by the said act to be made payable on the thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety'three, be it further enacted, That all such exchequer bills which have been or shall be idled under the said act as payable on the said thirty-first day of December, shall be deemed in law to be due and payable on the said thirtieth day of December, according to the directions of the said act, any thing in such exchequer bills contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 133

CAP. LIL

An act for continuing in the East India company, for a further term, the possesson of the British territories in India, together with theiii exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for efcibjishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and gorvernment of the towns ^Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

[June ri, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exclusive trade of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within the limits of their charter which, by an act, made in the twenty-first year of his Majepf s reign, for establishing an agreement 21 Geo. 3. c. 65. with the said company, and other purposes, was continued to them for a term thereby limited, should be further continued to them and their successors, under certain limitations and ref rift ions, for a term cf twenty years, to be computed from the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, liable to be discontinued at or after the end of such period, upon three years notice previously given by parliament for that purpose; and that during the said further term all the territorial acquisitions obtained in the East Indies, which, by an act made in the seventh year of his Majesty's reign, for establish- 7 Geo. 3. c. 57. ing an agreement for the payment of a certain annual fun for a limited time by the said company, in respect of the said acquisitions, and the revenues thereof, and by subsequent acts, were continued in the pojfijfio.n of the said company, together with the territorial acquisitions lately obtained there, with the revenues of the same respectively, should remain in the possession of the said company, without prejudice to the claims of the publick or of the said company, fiab-jest to such powers and authorities for the superintendance, direction, and controul over all acts, operations, and concerns, which relate to the 'civil or military government or revenues of the said territories, as have been already made or provided by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf or to such fuyther powers, and under and subject to such other rules, regulations, and rcjlriftions, relating to or concerning the said civil government, and the appropriation of the said revenues, as shall be now made and provided by the authority of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelect parliament Territorial assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said tern- '^g0115* torial acquisitions in the said former acts mentioned, together revt.ml[s to with the territorial acquisitions lately obtained in the East ladies, continue in with the revenues thereof respectively, shall remain and continue in the polh-fhon

the possession of the said united company for and during the fur- ft

1 f j^o iiv'ii corn-

ther term by this act granted to them in the said exclusive trade, p U)y ror a

Iv

sub- further time.

*34

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

His Majesty

of India.

Three of may form a board, &c.

c. 52. [1793.

subject nevertheless to the several regulations and provisions in this act contained,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cc^mhfioners^and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for the affairs by any letters patent, or by any commission or commissions to be issued under the great seal of Great Britain, from time to time to nominate, constitute, and appoint, during his or their pleasure, such members of the privy council (of whom the two principal secretaries of Hate, and the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, shall always be three), and such other two persons as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think fit to be, and who shall acordingly be and be styled Commissioners for the Affairs of India.

III. And be it further enacted, That any three or more of the said of shall and may form a board, for executing the several powers which by this act, or by any other act or acts, are or shall be given to or vetted in the said of; and that the first named commissioner in any such letters patent or commission for the time being shall be the president of the said board; and that when any board shall be formed in the absence of the president, the commissioner whose name shall {land next in the order of their nomination in the said commission, of those who 111 all be present, shall for that turn preside at the said board.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the of present at any board shall be equally divided in opinion, in respect to any matter by them discussed, then and on every such occasion the president, or in his abscence the commissioner acting as such, shall have two voices, or the calling vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said board of of shall and may nominate and appoint such secretaries and officers as shall be necessary to attend upon the said board, who lb all be subject to dismission at the pleasure of the said board; and that the proceedings of the said of shall be entered in proper books; and that as well the said of, or such and so many of them as his Majesty shall think fit, as likewise their secretaries and other officers, shall be paid such fixed salaries as his Majesty shall, by any warrant or warrants under his sign manual, countersigned by the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, aired; and that in the mean time the salaries and allowances already granted to the secretaries and officers of the present board of commissioners for the affairs of India shall be continued, all which salaries, together with all other contingent charges and expences to be incurred by the said board, shall be paid and defrayed quarterly by the said company, and deemed and taken as part of their commercial charges, the quarterly amount thereof being first settled and allowed by the said board, and certified by the president or acting president of the said board for the time being, to the court of directors of the said company; provided always, that the whole of the salaries to be paid to the members of the said board shall not exceed the sum of five thousand pounds in any one year; and that the whole of the salaries,

charges.

President to have the calling vote.

Beard may appoint officers.

Salaries to be fixed by his Majesty, ecc.

The whole Planes to members of the board not

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. ijg

charges, and expences of the said board, exclusive of the salaries exceed of the members of the said board, shall not exceed the sum of lii°°°fcGann* eleven thousand pounds in any one year*,

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commission-commissioners, before they shall proceed to act in execution of frjlto take any of the powers or authorities vested in them save only the,

power of administering the oath after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following oath; (that is to say):

I A.B. do faithfully promise and swear, That as a commissioner or Oath.

member of the board for the affairs of India, I will give my heft advice and assistance for the good government of the British possessions in the East Indies, and the due administ ration of the revenues of the same, according to law, and zvill execute the several powers and trnfls reposed in me according to the heft of my /kill and judgement y without favour or aJfedliony prejudice or malice, to any person whatever.

Which oath any two of the said of shall and hereby impowered to administer to the others of them, or any of them'; and the said oath shall be entered by their chief secretary amongst the acts of the board, and be duly subscribed and attested by the said of, at the time of their taking and administering the same to each other respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several secretaries Officers to and other officers of the said board shall also take and subscribe, take before the said board, such oath of secrecy, and for the execution

of the duties of their respective stations, as the said board shall direct.

VIII. Andy for obviating any doubt which might otherwise arifc7 how far the office or appointment of a commissioner of the said board

for the affairs of India, by virtue of this act or of the chief secretary to the said board, be within any of the provisions contained in an act of the sixth year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, intituled An act 6 Anne c. 7» for the security of her Majesty's person and government, and of the succession to the crown of Great Britain in the protestant line, or how far the appointment of any such commissioner or secretary, being a member or members of the house of commons, fall vacate his or their feat or feats in that hoidey be it further enacted and declared, That the said respective offices, places, or appointments Appointments of a commissioner or chief secretary of the said board for the af- of commis-fairs of India, to be made under the authority of this act, shall^, °n^a°r not be deemed or taken to be within the intent or purview of the t^disqualify said act of the sixth year of Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify f, -om being any such commissioner or chief secretary from being elected, or elected to par* fitting or voting as a member of the house of commons; nor lament, &c* shall the appointment of any such commissioner, not having any special salary annexed to such appointment, or the said chief secretary, if a member or members of the house of commons, vacate his or their feat or feats in the said house; any thing contained in the said act of the sixth year of Queen Anne, or in any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

136 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

Board to fu-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said board of com-

perintend all mijnoners shall by force and virtue of this act have and be in-latir* to the ve^e<^ with full power and authority to superintend, direct, and civil or mili- -controul all acts, operations, and concerns which, in any wise tary govern- relate to or concern the civil or military government or revenues n in^he*territories and acquisitions in the East Indies, subject

Bait Indies, nevertheless to such directions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, and to such appropriations of the said revenues, as are by this act marie, provided, or established, and not otherwise, or in any other manner, any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission- X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners,

ers or their^or any of them, or their chief secretary, or any other of the

access^o thee °cers the said board, by the order and authority of the said

hooks of the board, shall have free access to the books, papers, letters of cor-

company, See. respondence, evidences, and other records of the said company,

and be a (lifted by the proper officers of the said company in their

+searches for the same, and furnished, by and at the expence of the said company, with copies or extracts of so many or such parts thereof respectively as the said board shall require.

Court of di-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the court of directors of

rectors to de- the said company for the time being shall, and they are hereby

board°copies reclu'rec^ frorn time to time, to deliver to the said board copies

of alf proceed- minutes, orders, resolutions, and proceedings of all courts

inys; and of of proprietors, general or special, and of all courts of directors,

dispatches ye- within eight days after the holding of such courts respectively,

ceivedielating an(j ajf0 COD; es Of ass letters, advices, and dispatches which shall to the civil or .*..5 ... 7 ... f r.

military p-o- at an)r time or times be received by the said court or directors,

vernment or or any committee of directors, from the Eoji Indies, or from any revenues. other of their settlements or factories within the limits of their exclusive trade, or from any of the servants of the said united company, stationed at Saint Helena, BujJora, Snezy Aleppo, or other parts beyond the seas, in any wise relating to or concerning the civil or military government, or the revenues of the said territories and acquisitions in India, immediately after the arrival and receipt thereof.

Orders relat-

XII. And be it further enacted, That no orders or instructions ing to civil or whatever relating to the civil or military government or reve-verniment or nues (-aid territorial acquisitions in India, shall be at any

revenues, to time sent or given to any of the governments or settlements in be Submitted India, by the court of directors of the said united company, or rvthriC(jf1 the*any committee of the said directors, until the same fh?Jl have

board \vho been submitted to the consideration of and approved by the said may alter the] board; and for that purpose that copies of all orders and instruc-iamcr, tions which the said court of directors, or any committee of the said directors, shall propole to be sent to India, shall be by them previously laid before the said board; and that within the space of fourteen days after the receipt of such proposed dispatches the " said board shall either return the arne to the said court of directors, or committee of directors, with their approbation thereof certified under the hand of the chief secretary to the said board,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 137

by the order of the said board, or if the said board shall difap-prove, alter, or vary in substance any of such proposed orders or instructions, in every such case the said board shall give to the said directors in writing, under the hand of the chief secretary of the said board, by order of the said board, their reasons at large in respect thereof, together with their instructions to the said di-'rectors in relation thereto; and that the said directors shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to dispatch and fend the letters, orders, and instructions, in the form approved by the said board, to the proper governments or officers in India, or other limits, without further delay, unless on any representation made to them by the said directors, the said board shall order any alterations to be made therein; and that the directors of the said company for the time being shall, and are hereby required to jaay obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such orders and instructions as they shall from time to time receive from the said board of of, touching or concerning the civil

3 a co

and military government of the said territories and acquisitions, and the revenues of the same, according to the tenor and true intent of this act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Directors may thing herein contained 111al 1 extend, or be construed to extend, make repre-to restrict or prohibit the said directors from expressing, by re- |eiltf^ons presentation in writing to the said board, such remarks, obfer- dersaltered or vations, or explanations as shall occur, or they shall think lit, disapproved touching or concerning any letters, orders, or instructions, by the board, which shall have been varied in substance, or disapproved by the said board; and that the said board shall, and they are hereby required, to take every such representation, and the several matters therein contained or alledged, into their consideration, and to give such further orders or instructions thereupon as they shall think fit and expedient; which orders or instructions shall be final and conclusive upon the said directors.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, Board not to That nothing in this act contained shall extend to give to the nominate any said board of of the power of nominating or appoint- Of

ing any of the servants of the said united company, any thing pa^y herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the court of If the director* directors of the said united company shall neglect to frame, and neglect to

to transmit to the said board, dispatches on any subject connected with the civil or military government of the said territories or y0nd I4 cjayg acquisitions, or with the revenues thereof, beyond the lpace of after reqni-fourteen days after requisition made to them by order of the said htioa, the board, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said board to ^oar^ h}3/ prepare and send to the said directors (without waiting for the ions "and receipt of the copies of dispatches intended to be lent by the said the directors directors) any orders or inductions for any of the governments shall forward or presidencies in India, concerning the civil or military govern- thein to India, ment of the said territories, or the revenues thereof; and the said directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit dispatches.

138 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. /52. [1793.

patches, according to the tenor of the said orders and instructions'so transmitted to them by the said board, unto the respective governments and presidencies. in India, unless, on any representation made by the said directors to the said board, touching fucll orders or inductions, the said board shall direct any alteration to be made in the same; which directions the said court of di-rectors shall, in such case, be bound to conform to.

Board to issue

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noorders relat- thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-or^militaryeo- ten<^5 to S*ve to the board of of any power or vernment, or authority to issue or fend any orders or instructions, which do the revenues not relate to points connected with the civil or military govern-only; and if ment, or revenues of the BritiJ)r? territories or possessions in India, the£^do^not^ nor to exPunSe> vary> or alter any dispatches proposed by the relate to them, ^alc^ court of directors as aforesaid, which do not relate to the they may pe- said government or revenues; and that if the said board shall tition his Ma- fend any orders or instructions to the said court of directors, to be by them transmitted, which in the opinion of the said court of directors shall relate to points not connected with the said civil or military government, or revenues, then and on any such occasion it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply by petition to his Majesty in council touching the same, and his Majesty in council shall decide how far the same be or be not connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories and possessions in Indian which decision shall be final and conclusive.

Board not to

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall direct the in- not be lawful for the said board to give or cause to be given any blHh^d°fda^a- ^re<^c*ons5 ordering or authorising, by any dispatches to be sent ries unless" to the increase of the established salaries, allowances, or

proposed by emoluments of any governor general, governor, or president, or the directors, member of council of any of the presidencies and settlements and laid before there, or of any other officer in the service of the said company, par lamen, beyond the amount to which the same now stand fixed by the orders which have been sent to India, unless such increase shall be specified and contained in some dispatch proposed by the said court of directors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said board for their approbation, and unless an account of the actual salaries, allowances, and emoluments of such governor general, governor, or president, or member of council, or other officer respectively, and of the increase proposed to be made therein, with the reasons for such increase, shall have been laid before both houses of parliament thirty days before such dispatch shall be sent.

nor to direct

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall any gratuity, not be lawful for the said board to give or cause to be given any aS direction for the payment of any extraordinary allowance or gra-posed by the tuity from the revenues to any person, on account of services directors, See. performed in India, or on any other account whatever, to any greater amount, or to any other person than shall be specified md contained in some dispatch proposed by the said court of dU

rectors

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 139

rectors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said board for their approbation; and that in every case where any such directions shall be so given, a distinct account of all such allowances or gratuities shall be added to the next lid: of establishments laid before parliament by the said court of directors.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Board may said board of of shall be of opinion that the subject ^, ^e°rrd^rs matter of any of their deliberations concerning the levying war, committee of or making peace, or treating or negociating with any of the directors, who native princes or dates in India, intended to be communicated shall traafmk in orders to any of the governments or presidencies in I?idia, ^/ame shall be of a nature to require secrecy, it shall and may be lawful R

for the said board to fend their orders and instructions to the Secret committee of the said court of directors, to be appointed as is by this act directed, who shall thereupon, without disclosing the same, transmit their orders and dispatches, according to the tenor of the said orders and instructions of the said board, to the respective governments and presidencies in India; and that the said governments and presidencies shall be bound to pay a faithful obedience thereto, in like manner as if such orders and instructions had been sent to them by the said court of directors.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said court of di- Directors to rectors shall from time to time appoint a fee ret committee, to

confifr of any number not exceeding three of the said directors, tee wh'o ^all for the particular purposes in this act specified, which said di- take the foU rectors so appointed shall, before they or any of them shall act lowing in the execution of the powers and trusts hereby reposed in them, take an oath of the tenor following; (that is to say)

/A.B. do fivear, That I will, according to the heft of my /kill Oa£h.

and judgement, faithfully execute the several trujh and powers reposed in me as a member of the secret committee appointed by the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or make known any of the secret orders or inf ructions which shall be given, communicated or transmitted to me by the commissioners for the affairs of India, concerning the levying of war, or the making of peace, or treating or negociating with any of the native princes or fates of India, save only to the other members of the said secret committee, or to the person or persons who shall be duly nominated and employed in transcribing or preparing the same respectively, unless I shall be authorised by the said of to disclose and make known the same.

So help me G 0 D.

Which said oath shall and may be administered by the several and respective members of the said secret committee to each

other; and, being so by them taken and subscribed, the same shall be recorded by the secretary of the said court of directors

for the time being amongst the acts of the said court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said secret com- Dispatches ot

mittee, in the execution of their said powers and tfufts, shall^secret

7*f committee to

140

be prepared only by the Secretary, or examiner of Indian correspondence, who shall take an oath of Secrecy.

Presidencies in India may fend dispatches to the Secret committee, who shall deliver them to the board.

Orders of the

directors touching the civil or military government or the revenues, after approbation by the board, not revocable by the proprietors. Governments of the proficiencies veiled

<3>

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

find it necessary to employ any person in transcribing or preparing any Secret dispatches, orders, or instructions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the direction of this act, the Said dispatches, orders, and infir unions, shall be transcribed and prepared, either by the Secretary of the court of directors for the time being, or by the officer called the examiner of Indian correspondence for the time being, and by no other person or persons, unless with the approbation and consent of the said board of of for the affairs of India, for that purpose first had and obtained; and that as well the said secretary and examiner, as every other person who shall be intrusted with the transcribing or preparing any of such dispatches, orders, or instructions, shall, before they respectively enter upon that duty, take and subscribe, before any of the members of the said secret committee, an oath of secrecy, as near unto the tenor and form of the oath herein-before provided and directed to be taken by the members of the said secret committee as the case will admit; and the members of the said committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to frame and administer such oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and subscribing of the same by the said secretary and examiner, and all other persons who shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be recorded amongst the acts of the said court of dri rectors.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any of the governments or presidencies in India shall be of opinion that any of their dispatches to Great Britain, concerning the government of the said territories and acquisitions, or the levying war, or making peace, or negociations or treaties with any of the native princes or states of India, shall be of a nature to require the same to be kept secret, it shall be lawful for the said governments or presidencies reflectively to address their dispatches requiring such secrecy, under cover, sealed with their seals, unto the said secret committee of directors of the said company, for the inspection of such committee, and that immediately upon the arrival of such dispatches so addressed, the said secret committee of directors shall deliver the same or copies thereof to the said board.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no order or resolution of the court of directors of the said company, touching or concerning the civil or military government or revenues of the said territories and acquisitions in India, after the same shall have received the approbation of the board of of for the affairs of India, shall be liable to be refeinded, suspended, revoked, or varied by any general court of proprietors of the said company.

XXLV4 And be it further enacted, That the whole civil and military government of the presidency of Fort William in Bengaly and also the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in the kingdoms or provinces

of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 141

o{Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfay shall be and are Hereby veiled in intHe gover-a governor general and three counsellors of and for the said pre- fell or s re-

fidency, subject to such rules, regulations, and restrictions as are fp€&iVely. made, provided, or established in that behalf in this'aft, or in any other act or acts now in force, and not by this act repealed or altered; and that the whole civil and military government of - the presidency of Port Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, and the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues on the said coast, and also so much and such parts of the territories and possessions on the coast of Orijfciy with the revenues of the same, as have been and now are under the administration of the government or presidency of Fort Saint George, shall be and are hereby veiled in a governor and three counsellors of and for the said presidency of Fort Saint George, subject to such rules, regulations, and restrictions as aforesaid; and that the whole civil and military government of the presidency and island of Bombay on the coast of Malahar, and the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues 011 the said coast of Malabar y shall be and are hereby vested in a governor and three counsellors of-and for the said presidency and island of Bombajy subject as aforesaid, and the said governors and councils of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, being also subject to the superintendance and controul of the said governor general in council, in manner by this act provided or directed in that behalf, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all vacancies hap- Vacancies of pening in the office of governor general of Fort William in Ben- governors, &c. galy or of any of the members of the council there, or of go-

vernor of either of the company's presidencies or settlements of t(Jrs 1 Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any of the members of the council of the same respectively, or of governor of the forts and garrisons of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of commander in chief of all the forces in India, or of any provincial commander in chief of the forces there, all and every of such vacancies shall be filled up and supplied by the court of directors of the said united company, the vacancies of any of the said members of council being always supplied from amongst the lift of senior merchants of the said company, who shall have respectively resided twelve years in India in their service, and not otherwise, except as is herein after otherwise provided.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Ifth.edirectors

when and so often as the said court of directors shall neglect, for negk& to hll the space of two calendar months, to be computed from the day hfs S>

whereon the notification of the vacancy of any office or employ- may supply ment in India, in the appointment of the said court of directors, them.

shall have been received by the said court, to supply such vacancy, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to constitute and appoint, by writing under his or their royal sign manual (under the same e # restrictions

Directors may appoint persons provisionally to supply vacancies.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

restrictions and regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to the nominations and appointments made by the said court of directors) such person to supply such vacancy as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think proper; and that every person so constituted and appointed shall have and be inverted with the same powers, privileges, and authorities as if he or they had been nominated and appointed by the said court of directors, and shall be subject to recall only by the King's majesty, his heirs or successors; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to appoint any person or persons provisionally to succeed to any of the offices aforesaid, for Supplying any vacancy or vacancies therein, when the Same shall happen by the death or resignation of the person or persons holding the same office or offices respectively, or on his or their departure from India, or on any event or contingency expressed in any such provisional appointment or appointments to the Same respectively, and Such appointments again to reyoke, but that no person So appointed to Succeed provisionally to any of the Said offices shall be entitled to any authority, Salary, or emolument, appertaining thereto, until he shall be in the actual possession of Such office, any act or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no-

- thing in this act contained shall extend, or be courtrued to ex-

reTdv^nade. ten(V to vaca^e or distrub any appointments already lawfully made, whether provisionally or otherwise, to any of the Said offices, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any vacancy shall happen in the office of governor general of Fort William, or of governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay respectively, when no provisional or other Successor shall be upon the Spot to Supply Such vacancy, then and in every Such case the counsellor of the presidency wherein Such vacancy shall happen, next in rank to the said governor general, or governor respectively, shall hold and execute the said office of governor general or governor, until a successor shall arrive, or until some other person on the spot shall be duly appointed thereto; and if the council board shall happen during that interval to become reduced to one only member, be-Sides the acting governor general or governor, then and in Such case the person so acting as governor general or governor shall be, and is hereby impowered to call to the council board such one of the senior merchants of the said company, at such presidency where the vacancy shall occur, as he shall think fit to he a temporary member of the said board, and that the person so called shall accordingly Sit and aft as a member of the said council, and shall have the same powers in all other respects as are eiven to persons appointed to the council board by the said court of directors, until the arrival of a successor or other appointment made to the office of governor general or governor respectively;

and

Act not to vacate any appointments a ready made.

How vacancies are to be Supplied when no successors are on the ipot, &c.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. J43

and that every such acting governor general, governor, and occasional counsellor, shall, during the time of their continuing to act as such respectively, be entitled to receive the several emoluments and advantages appertaining to the said offices by them respectively supplied, such acting governor general and governor foregoing their salary and allowances of counsellor for the same' period.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at Next member the time of any vacancy happening in the office of governor ge- of council to

J j a l o w ryi vYi o n n^v

neral, or of a governor of any of the said presidencies, no even- in cj, jgf to tual successor appointed under the authority of this act shall be succeed to the present upon the spot, any commander in chief, although he shall temporary be then a member of the council of the presidency where such government vacancy shall occur, shall not succeed to the temporary govern- dency^unkfs ment of such presidency, unless such commander in chief shall the comman-have been provisionally appointed to supply the same, but that der in chief the vacancy shall be supplied by the counsellor next in rank at frail have been the council board to such commander in chief, any thing herein appointed.^contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any vacancy shall happen of the office of a counsellor at either of the said presiden- wjlen no puc_

cies, when no person provisionally or otherwise appointed to fuc- cefforsare on

ceed thereto shall be then resident on the spot, then and on every the spot, to

such occasion such vacancy shall be supplied by and at the nomi- fl*Pplied

j r jr j^tng °-over-

nation or appointment of the governor general in council of Fort ny0Y in c^nincij

William, or the governor in council of Fort Saint ' George or Bom* fromthefenior bay respectively, from amongst the senior merchants in the said merchants, company's service in India; and that the person or persons so nominated shall execute the said office, and shall have the same powers in all respects as are given to persons appointed to the council board by the said court of directors, until a successor or successor? shall arrive, duly appointed by the said court of directors, and shall have and be entitled to the salary and other emoluments and advantages appertaining to the said office or offices during his or their continuance therein respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the office of The cam-

governor general, and the office of commander in chief of all the njander m o^o / t^cmti wntn

forces in India, shall not be vested in the same person, such com- not the-oyer-

mander in chief shall and may, if specially authorised for that pur- nor at the pose by the said court of directors, and not otherwise, be a mem- presidency, ber of the tcouncil of Fort William; and that when the offices ^t^o^tvof of governor of Fort Saint George, and commander in chief of the the directors forces there, shall be veiled in different persons, or the offices of be the second governor of Bombay, and commander in chief of the forces in Bom- member of bay, shall be vested in different persons, such respective commanders the council* in chief shall and may, if speciahy authorised by the court of directors, 2nd not otherwise, be a member of council at the said respective presidencies; and that when any commander in chief shall be appointed a member of any of the said councils, such commander shall have rank and precedence at the council board next to the

gover-

The com-" inander in chief in India, not being go-, vernor general, while re-lident at Fort Saint George or Bombay shall be a member of council.

If any member shall be incapable of attending, the governor of the presidency may call to the council a provisional successor, See.

His Majestyby sign manual, countersigned by the president of the board, may remove any officer or servant of the company in India.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

governor general, or governor of the same presidency; but no commander in chief shall be entitled to any salary or emolument in respect of his being a member of any of the said councils, unless the same shall be fjpecially granted by the court of directors of the said company.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the commander in chief of all the forces in India (not being likewise governor general) shall happen to be resident at either of the presidencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, the Paid commander in chief shall, from the time of his arrival, and during his continuance at such presidency, be a member of the council of such presidency, and during that period the provincial commander in chief of the forces of the same presidency, if he shall be a member of the council thereof, shall and may continue to fit and deliberate, but shall not have any voice at the council board.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the members of the council of either of the said presidencies shall by any infirmity or otherwise be rendered incapable of abling, or of attending to a cl as such, or if any of such members shall be absent from the presidency, and the governor general, or either of the said governors, shall be desirous of having the advice of a full council upon any urgent business, the governor general, or such governors respectively, shall by virtue of this act have full power and authority to call any provisional successor appointed, then on the spot, or, there being none such on the spot, then any senior merchant on the spot, to assist at the council board for that turn \ but that such provisional succesibr, or other person, shall not be entitled to any salary or other emolument in respect thereof, nor shall his abling as an occasional member of council, in manner aforesaid, deprive him of any office or emolument he before enjoyed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, by any writing or instrument under his or their sign manual, countersigned by the president of the board of of for the affairs of India, to remove or recall arly person or persons holding any office, employment, or commission, civil or military, under the said united company in India for the time being, and to vacate and make Void all or every, or any appointment or appointments, commission or commissions, of any person or per-l'ons to any such offices or employments; and that all and every the powers and authorities of the respective persons so removed, recalied, or whose appointment or commission shall be vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective time or times as in the said writing or writings shall be expressed and specified in that behalf: provided always, that a duplicate or copy of every such writing or instrument, under his Majesty's sign manual, attested by the said president for the time being, shall, within eight days after the same shall be signed by his Majesty* his heirs

or

1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 145

or successors, be transmitted or delivered to the chairman or deputy chairman for the time being of the said company, to the intent that the court of directors of the said company may be apprized thereof.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Act not to

nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to expressude the j % 1 t*r r i# directors itoiti

tend, to preclude or take away the power of the court of direc- recajpng t^eir

tors of the said company from removing or recalling any of the officers or officers or servants of the said company, but that the said court servants. shall and may at all times have Rill liberty to remove, recall, or dismiss any of such officers or servants, at their will and pleasure, in the like manner as if this act had not been made, any govern nor general, governor, or commander in chief, appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, through the default of appointment by the said court of directors, always excepted; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the departure Departure

from India of any governor general, governor, member of coun-romndia 1 't 1«r »^, ri r any governor

ciI, or commander in chief, with intent to return to Europe, general, Sec.

shall be deemed in law a resignation and avoidance of his office with intent to or employment; and that the arrival in any part of Europe of any return to Eu-such governor general, governor, member of council, or com- S^e^ara mander in chief, shall be a sufficient indication of such intent; Ration*Of - and that no aft or declaration of any governor general, or gover- employment, nor, or member of council, during his continuance in the presidency whereof he was so governor general, governor, or coun- at ^ie

fellor, except by some deed or instrument in writing, under hand ^fig-nation of and seal, delivered to the secretary for the publick department a governor of the same preRdency, in order to its being recorded, shall be general, Sec. deemed or held as a resignation or surrender of his said office; and that the salary and other allowances of any such governor Vgre^ -m general, or other officers reflectively, shall cease from the day of ting to the Rich his departure, resignation, or surrender; and that if any secretary. such governor general, or any other officer whatever in the fer- ^Su]ption vice of the said company, shall quit or leave the presidency or settlement to which he shall belong, other than in the known actual fer vice of the said company, the salary and allowances appertaining to his office shall not be paid of payable during his absence to any agent or other person for his use, and in the event of his not returning back to his Ration at such preRdency or settlement, cr of his coming; to Europe, his salary and allowances shall be deemed to have, ceased from the day of his quitting such preRdency or settlement, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVILI. And be it further enacted, That the governor Councils, in general and counsellors of Fort William, and the several -gover-nors and counsellors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall at matterg pro-their respective council boards proceed in the RrR place to the poled by the consideration of such matters or questions as shall be proposed by governor, who the governor general, or by the governors of the said presidencies postpone

O 4 O J J O *ar)y JY]

respectively, and as often as any matter or quefeion shall be pro- prop0Rd by VOL1 XXXIX, L pounded counsellors.

the governor and council, and signed by the secretary.

146 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

pounded by any of the said counsellors, it shall be competent to the said governor general or governor respectively, to postpone or adjourn the discussion thereof to a future day; provided that no such adjournment shall exceed forty-eight hours, nor shall the matter or question so proposed be adjourned more than twice without the consent of the counsellor who proposed the same, proceedings

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all orders and to^e^ride ot^er Proceedings of the governor general and council of Fort y William shall be expressed to be made by the governor general in council; and that all orders and other proceedings of the governors and council of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively shall be expressed to be made by the governor in council, and not other wise; and that the several orders and proceedings of all the said presidencies shall, previous to their being published or put in execution, be signed by the chief secretary to the council of the presidency, by the authority of the governor general in council, or governor in council, as the case may be.

Governor ge-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the governor general in ciT^t For?Un" counc^ at Fort Wiliam shall have and be inverted, by virtue of William im- this act, with full power and authority to superintend, controul powered to and direct the several governments and presidencies of Fort Saint iu perm tend George and Bombay, and all other governments erected or to be Bd^encief ^rC" ere'^: ec^ by ftdd united company, within the limits of their said exclusive trade, in all such points as shall relate to any negotiations or transactions with the country powers or states, or levying war or making peace, or the collection or application of the revenues of the said acquisitions and territories in India, or to the forces employed at any of such presidencies or governments, or to the civil or military government of the said presidencies, acquisitions, or territories, or any of them.

XLI. And in order to prevent the embarrassment and difficulty which may other wise arise from any doubt whether the orders or instructions of the governor general in council of Fort William relate The other to other points than those aforesaid, be it further enacted, That presidencies to notwithstanding any doubt which may be entertained by the said ders of the" presidencies or governments to whom such orders or instructions governor ge- shall be given respecting the power of the governor general in neral in coun- council to give such orders^ yet the said presidencies or govern-cU ?.t F°vt_ merits shall be bound to obey such orders and directions of the not re mm riant governor general in council, in all cases whatever, except

to instructions only where they shall have received positive orders and instruc- from England, tions from the said court of directors, or from the secret committee of directors, by the authority of the said board of, of for the affairs of India, repugnant to the orders and instructions of the said governor general in council, and not known to the said governor general and council at the time of dispatching their orders and instructions as aforesaid; and the said governor general in council shall, at the time of transmitting all such orders and instructions, transmit therewith the dates of and

Governor general to fend dates, &c. of cli {patches from England, the

times of receiving the lass dispatches, orders, and instructions.

on points con- which they have received from the court of directors, or from tained in in-'the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.' 147'

the said secret committee by the direction of the said board of flni&ions to

of, on any of the points contained therein; and the Pudencies, r ., r, J r 1 r 1, r £ec. who mall

laid presidencies, governments, and settlements, in all cases transmit to

where they have received any orders from the said court of di- him copies of

rediors, or from the said secret committee by the direction of the any orders

board of of as aforesaid, which they shall deem re-

pugnant to the orders of the said governor general in council of thereto.

Fort William, and which were not known to the said governor

general and council at the time of dispatching their orders and

instructions as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit copies of the same, together with an account of all instr unions or orders made by them in consequence thereof, to the governor general in

council of Fort William, who shall, after the receipt of the same,

dispatch such further orders and instructions to the said presidencies, and governments or settlements, as the said governor general in council may judge necessary thereupon.

XLII. And forasmuch as to pursue schemes of conquest and exten-fion of dominion in India are measures repugnant to the iviflo, the honour, and policy of this nation: be it further enacted, That it War not tci shall not be lawful for the governor general in council of Fori be declared, William aforesaid, without the express command and authority of vernor general the said court of directors, or of the said secret committee by the in council at authority of the said board of of for the affairs Fort William of India, in any case (except where hostilities have actually been commenced, or preparations actually made for the com- thedii*edors mencement of hostilities, against the British nation in India, &c. except or against some of the princes or states dependant thereon, or preparations whose territories the said united company shall be at such time

engaged by any subsisting treaty to defend or guarantee) either to^e declare war or commence hostilities, or enter into any treaty for making war against any of the country princes or states in India, or any treaty for guaranteeing the possessions of any country princes or states; and that in any such case it shall not be lawful for the said governor general and council to declare war or to commence hostilities, or to enter into any treaty for making war against any other prince or state, than such as shall be actually committing hostilities, or making preparations as aforesaid, or to make such treaty for guaranteeing the possessions of any prince or state, but upon the consideration of such prince or state actually engaging to aftift the company against such hostilities com-hneneed, or preparations made as aforesaid; and in all cases where Commumca-; hostilities shall be commenced, or treaty made, the said governor tion of corn-general and council shall, by the most expeditious means they can devise, communicate the same unto the said court of directors, or to majesto to the said secret committee, together with a full state of the the directors, information and intelligence upon which they shall have com- &c* menced such hostilities, or made such treaties, and their motives and reasons for the same at large.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Governments for the governors and counsellors of Fort Saint George and Bom- Fort St. bay, or of any other subordinate settle meat, to make or issue any Bombay ^not

L 2 order to declare war.

40 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

c: but ty order for commencing; hostilities, or levying; war, or to negociate

orders from^i », F c } J^5 ., t r

Fort William or concluae any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any Indian

or the direc- prince or (late (except in cases of sudden emergency or imminent tors, &c. danger, when it shall appear dangerous to postpone such hoftili-

ties or treaty), unless in pursuance of express orders from the said governor general in council of Fort William aforesaid, or from the said court of directors, or from the said secret committee by the authority of the said board of of for the affairs of India; and every such treaty shall, if possible, contain a clause for subjecting the same to the ratification or rejection of the governor general in council of Fort William aforesaid: and the said governors and counsellors, and other officers of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or other settlements respectively, are hereby required to pay and yield obedience to all such orders as they shall from time to time respectively receive from the said governor general in council of Fort William Penalty on aforesaid, concerning the matters aforesaid, and that all and fin-govevnors, gular the said governors, counsellors, and other officers, who GeorveTnd* refuse or wilfully neglect or forbear to pay obedience to

Bombay for such orders and instructions as they shall receive from the said neglect of or- governor general in council of Fort William as aforesaid, shall be ders from^ liable to be removed, dismissed, or suspended from the exercise of Soit \V illiam. t}lejr respective offices or powers by order of the said governor general in council of Fort William, and be sent to England, and be subject to such further pains and penalties as are or shall be provided by law in that behalf.

Presidencies

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the governors and ot Fort St. counsellors of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bom-

George, &c. respectively for the time beintr, and the governors and coun-

to-end to Fort r 1 \ - c cr bdz c, i 1

William co- leilors, or other chief officer or officers of and belonging to any

pieB of all their other British settlement in India, shall and they are hereby respectorders, ccc. tively required, constantly and diligently to transmit to the said governor general in council at Fort William aforesaid, true and exact copies of all orders, resolutions, and acts in council of their respective governments, presidencies, and councils, and also advice and intelligence of all transactions and matters which shall come to their knowledge, material to' be communicated to the governor general in council of Fort William aforesaid, or which the said governor general in council shall from time to time require.

XLV". And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor general of Fort William aforesaid for the time being to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, directed to such peace officers and other persons as he shall think fit, for

Governor general of Fort William may if!lie warrants for securing

suspected per- securing and detaining in custody any person or persons suspected f°113* of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit correspondence dangerous to the peace or safety of any of the British settle ments or possessions in India, with any of the princes, rajahs, or zemindars, or any other person or persons having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors, or presidents of any factories established in the East Indies^ by any European power,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52; 149

or any correspondence contrary to the rules and orders of the said company, or of the governor general in council of Fort William aforesaid; and if, upon examination taken upon oath in Proceedings writing of any credible witness or witnesses before the governor ^kerc^i^son general in council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear able gro\m(jS^ reasonable grounds for the charge, the said governor general shall for the charge be and is hereby authorised and impowered to commit such person shall appear or persons so fuifpecfed or accused to safe custody, and shall within aSain^ach a reasonable time, not exceeding five days, cause to be delivered to him or them a copy of the charge or accusation on which he or they shall have been committed, and that the party or parties accused shall be permitted to deliver in his or their defence in writing, together with a list of such witnesses as he or they shall desire to be examined in support thereof, and that such witnesses, and also the witness or witnesses in support of the charge, shall be examined and cross-examined on oath, in the presence of the party accused, and their depositions and examinations taken down in writing; and if, notwithstanding such defence, there shall appear to the said governor general in council reasonable grounds for the charge cr accusation, and for continuing the confinement, the party or parties accused shall remain in custody until he or they shall be brought to trial in India, or sent to England for that purpose; and that all such examinations and proceedings, or attested copies thereof, under the seal of the supreme court of judicature at Fort William, or of one of the mayor's courts, shall be transmitted to the said court of directors by the first: dispatches, in order to their being produced in evidence on the trial of the parties in the event of their being sent for trial to Great Britain; and in case such person or persons is or are intended to be lent to England, the said governor general shall and he is hereby required to cause such person or persons to be sent to England by the first: convenient opportunity, unless such person or persons shall be disabled by iilness from undertaking the voyage, in which case he or they shall be sent as soon as his or their ft ate of health will safely admit thereof; and that the examinations and proceedings so transmitted as aforesaid shall be admitted and received as evidence in all courts of law, subject to any juR exceptions to the competency of the said witnesses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the several governors or Governors of governors in council of Fort Saint George and Bombay shall have the Fort St. like powers, under and subject to the same regulations and refiric-tions, to secure and detain persons suspected of any such illicit have the like correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective presidencies powers with and settlements, and of fending them to England for trial, as are respect to fuf-hereby given to the said governor general or governor general in Persons

council of Fort William respectivel v. nor ^eneraV

XLVII. And whereas so will tend greatly to the strength and security of the British possessions in India, and give energy, vigour, and dispatch to the measures and proceedings of the executive government within the respective presidencies, if the governor general of Fort William in Bengal, and the several governors of Fort Saint

L 3 George

15° Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

George and Bombay, were vested a discretionary power of

ailing without the concurrence of their respective councils, or for-bearing to act according to their opinions, in cases of high importance, #7a/ essentially affecting the publick interest and welfare, thereby sub-jediing themselves personally to answer to their country for so atiing. Governor ge- or forbearing to act: be it enacted, That when and so often as iieral, or go- any measure or question shall be proposed or agitated in the orde^hieT^L1Preme council at Fort William in Bengal, or in either of the lures proposed counc's of Port Saint George and Bombay, whereby the interests in council, of the said united company, or the safety or tranquillity of the about which British possessions in India, or any part thereof, are, or may, in the judgement of the governor genera], or of the said governors members^ to* reADe(^: 've^y? essentially concerned or affected, and the said be adopted or governor general or such governors reflectively shall be of opini-suspended, &c. on that it will be expedient either that the measures so proposed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into execution, or that the same ought to be suspended or wholly rejected, and the several other members of such council then present shall differ in and dissent from such opinion, the said governor general or such governor, and the other members of the council, shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with and communicate in council to each other, in writing under their respective hands (to be recorded at large on their secret confutations) the respective grounds and reasons of their respective opinions; and if, after considering the same, the said governor genera], or such governor respectively, and the other members of the said council, shall severally retain their opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor general in the supreme council of Fort William, or either of the said governors in their respective councils, to make and declare any order (to be signed and subscribed by the said governor general, or by the governor making the same) for suspending or rejecting the measure or question so proposed or agitated, in part or in the whole, or to make and declare such order and resolution for adopting and carrying the measure so proposed or agitated into execution, as the said governor general, or such governors in their respective councils, shall think fit and expedient; which said last mentioned order and resolution, so made and declared, shall be signed as well by the said governor general, or the governor so making and declaring the same, as by all the other members of the council then present, and shall by force and virtue of this act be as effectual and valid, to all intents and purposes, as if all the said other members had advised the same, or concurred therein; and the said members of council, and all officers civil and military, and all other persons concerned, shall be and they are hereby commanded, authorised and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and assisting in their respective stations in the carrying the same into execution.

Governor ge-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor gene-makin^any "ra^ or govenior> who declare and command any fu&fr order order without or resolution to be made and recorded without the assent or concurrence

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 151

of any of the other members of council, shall alone be the conftnt of held responsible for the same, and the consequences thereof. c°uneil,

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- th/fame; °T thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- but not to tend, to give power to the said governor general of Fort William make any or-in Bengal, or to either of the said governors of Fort Saint George ^ouWnot have and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into execution any keen macje order or resolution which could not have been lawfully made and with the con-executed with the concurrence of the councils of the respective lent o! the governments or presidencies, any thing herein contained to thecounCl-contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared,

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be confirmed No person t$ to extend, to give any discretionary power of acting, or forbear- without ing to act, without the concurrence of the other members c^rence°of the council, unto any person on whom the said office of governor gene- council, on ral, or the said office of governor respectively, shall happen to whom the devolve by the death or resignation of any governor general, or office of go-governor for the time being respectively, or unto any deputy go- o^eovenior vernor general, unless such person shall have been provisionally shall devolve appointed to succeed to such respective office by the said court of by death, un-directors, or unless and until such person shall have been or shall leis provision-be confirmed in the said office, and that in the mean time all or-^appoint-ders, resolutions, and other acts and things in such presidency, ? shall be determined by the voice of the major part in number of the governor general and counsellors, or governor and counsellors present at the making or doing thereof, such governor general or governor having on any equality of voices a caff ing vote, and not otherwise, or in any other manner, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Governor ge-herein contained shall be construed to give power or authority to neral, &c. not the governor general of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the to carr7 into governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to order against^ make or carry into execution any order or resolution against the opinion of the opinion or concurrence of the counsellors of their re- the council in spective governments, in any matter which shall come under certain sales, the consideration of the said governor general, and governors in council respectively, in their judicial capacity; or to make, repeal, or suspend any general rule, order, or regulation for the good order and civil government of the said united company's settlements; or to impose, of his own authority, any tax or duty within the said respective governments or presidencies.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when the governor ge- The powers neral of Fort William in Bengalior the time being shall find it of the gover-expedient to visit the presidency of Fort Saint George, or the "or either presidency of Bombay, or any province or place in Lidia, the-°re^e°c^g powers and authorities of the governor or other chief officer or vested in the officers of such presidency, province, or place, shall from the governor ge-time of the proclamation of the arrival of the said governor ge- n5ra* ciunng neral therein be suspended, (except with regard to judicial proceedings),

p; 4ftvlJncy

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

and shall so continue to be suspended,; until other proclamation be made to the contrary by the order of the said governor general, or otherwise until the said governor general shall depart therefrom, and no longer; and that during that interval the powers and authorities of the said governor, or other chief officer, shall be vePced in the said governor general, with liberty nevertheless for such governor to fit and act as a member of the council of such presidency, and that the said governor general in council, at either of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George 2nd Bombay, shall be invested with the powers and authorities of the governor in council of the same presidency or settlement respectively, and also with the same ample powers and authorities as can or may be exercised by the governor general in council at Fort William by force and virtue of this a Cl.

Governor ge-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as neralto nomi- t]le fajcj governor general shall on any occasion be abient from president of his ovvn government of Bengal, fuels one of the members of the Fort William council thereof as the said governor general shall nominate for to att during that purpose shall be styled and ad as vice president and deputy his absence; governor of Fort William, and that the government of the said presidency shall be exercised by such vice president or deputy, and the other members or member of the said council, in like manner, and no further or otherwise than as the government of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay may be exercised by the governors in council there, subject nevertheless to the restrictions in this act: contained, but while

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said governor ge-

abient, may neral, during his absence from his ovvn government of Bengal\

ilTll.i0ld2'1 shall judge it necessary to issue any orders or directions to any to the officers, J p. J'..7 J

aucl l'ervants or the said governments or presidencies in India, or to any or the

of the other officers or servants of the said company acting under the au-prdidencies, thority of any of the said presidencies, without previously com-'vC' municating such orders or i nil ructions to the said respective go-

vernments, under the authority of which such officers or servants shall be acting, it shall and may be lawful for him to issue the same, and that the said respective governments or presidencies, and also such officers and servants shall, and they are hereby severally and respectively authorised and required to obey the same, and such orders and instructions shall be of the same force as if the same had been made by the said governor general in council at Fort William, but not of any greater or other force or validity; and that if such orders or directions shall be made by the said governor general of his own foie authority, or without the concurrence of the other members of council of either of the said presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, in that case the said governor general shall be alone held responsible for the same, in the like manner as for any orders or resolutions by him made in council at Fort Wiliam? of his own foie authority, without the concurrence of the other members of the same council, according to the directions and true intent and meaning of this act: provided alaways, that such governor general shall and he is here-

GoOgIC

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 153

by required to transmit by the first opportunity, to the governors and councils of the respective presidencies to which the officers or servants to whom any such orders or instructions shall be so lent to be executed shall belong, copies of such order and instruiftions respectively, with his reasons or inducements for iffiuing the same, and also to transmit to the court of directors of the said company, by the first opportunity that shall or may occur, a copy of all orders and instructions by him so sent to any of the said governments, presidencies, officers, or servants respectively, together with his rca-fons and inducements for fending or issuing the same.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Directors, may be lawful for the court of directors of the said company, with the with the approbation of the board of of for the affairs the board of India, to suspend all or any of the powers hereby given to the may fufp4Lnd> governor general of Fort William to act upon his own foie autho- the powers of rity, at and for such time or times as they may judge expedient the governor or necessary, and that the same shall be suspended accordingly, from the time of the arrival of their orders for that purpose in owr^autho-5 India; and also for the said court of directors, with such appro- rity. bation as aforesaid, to revive the said powers, when and as they shall think fit; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And) for establishing a jvjl principle of promotion amongf the covenacted servants of the said united company in India, on their civil establishment, and preventing all undue supercessions, be it further Civil servants enacted, That all the civil servants of the said united company in to have

India, under the rank or degree of members of council, shall have Piecedency*o'j according to

and be intitled to precedence in the service of the said company, ^lejr appoint.

at their respective stations, according to their seniority of ap- merits, See. pointment; and no such civil servant or servants shall be capable of being advanced or promoted to any higher station, rank, or degree therein, than he or they shall be respectively entitled to according to the length of his or their service respectively; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all vacancies hap- Regulations pening in any of the offices, places, or employments in the civil for filling: up line of the company's service in India (being under the degree of t^e c|viipne# counsellor) shall be from time to time filled up and supplied from amongst the civil servants of the said company, belonging to the presidency wherein such vacancies shall respectively happen, sub-jefi only to the restrictions in this act contained, and no otherwise (that is to say) that in the filling up and Supplying such vacancies, no office, place, or employment, the salary, perquisites, and emoluments whereof shall exceed five hundred pounds per annum, shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said servants who shall not have been actually resident in India as a covenacted servant of the said company for the space of three years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy; and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall exceed one thousand five hundred pounds perjannum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants who shall not have been actually resident in India

in the said

154 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

said service for the space of six years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy; and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall exceed three thousand pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the said company's service for the space of nine years at the least in the whole; and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall exceed four thousand pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants who shall not have been actually resident in India in the company's service for the space of twelve years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy; and that all appointments, advancements, and promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such vacancies, other than as aforesaid, shall be null and void, h^dtwoof-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall for the fices, the fala- future be capable of taking, in the civil line of the company's ries of which service, two or more offices, places, or employments, the joint amont to amount of the salaries, perquisites, and emoluments of which

prescribed^exceed in the whole the annual salary, perquisites, and emolu-sum. ments respectvely herein-before in that behalf prescribed; any law

or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. to^endmi?0

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful more persons for the court of directors of the said company to appoint or fend than necessary out to India a greater number of persons, in the capacity of ca-to supply the cJets Cr writers, or in any other capacity, than will be necessary, comnemen.n acj(jit*lon to those already in India, to supply the proper complement of officers and servants contained in the said lifts of their establishments, according to such returns of vacancies as the respective governments in India shall transmit from thence to the said court of directors.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting, or being appointed or sent to India, in the capacity of writer or cadet whose age shall be under fifteen years, or shall exceed twenty-two years, nor until the person proposed, or intended to be so appointed, shall have delivered to the said court of directors a certificate of his age, under the hand of the minister of the parish in which he was baptized, or keeper of the registry of baptism of such parish; and if no such registry can be found, an affidavit of that circumstance shall be made by the party himself, with his information and belief that his age is not under fifteen years, and doth not exceed twenty-two years: provided nevertheless, that the said re-flribtion shall not extend to prevent the said court of directors from appointing any person to be a cadet who shall have been for the space of one year at least a commissioned officer in his Majesty's service, or in the militia or fencible men when embodied, and have been called into adhual service, or from the company of cadets in the royal regiment of artillery, and whose age shall not exceed twenty-five years.

LXI. And, for preventing the abuses which have formerly prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the said territories

a \ and

H osted by Cj O lC

1A V-HI V. 11C

of the establishment.

Writers and cadets to be of certain ages, &c.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52- '35

acquisitions in India, be it farther enacted, That every person British-borri (being a British-born subject) who is or shall be appointed or au- ap,

thorised to collect, manage, controul, or receive the rents, duties, £eive rents> or revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to the said &c. to take company in India, shall, before he enters upon the collection and an oath, receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following oath, which oath the chief justice, or one of the puisne judges of the supreme court of judicature at Bengal\ or the mayor or other magistrate in any of the other presidencies or settlements, or such other person as shall be deputed or authorised by any order in council of any of the said presidencies in that behalf, shall and is hereby authorised and commanded to administer; and such oath so administered shall be recorded in the supreme court of Calcutta, or in one of the said provincial or mayor's courts; (that is to say):

/A.B. do promise and swear, That I will, to the utmost of my The oath* endeavours, well and faithfully execute and discharge the duties of an officer of revenue, reposed in and committed to me by the united company of merchants tf/'England trading to the East Indies; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, directly or indirectly*) by myself or by any other person for my use, or on my behalf of or from any raj ah, zemin-dar, talookdar, polygar, farmer, renter or ryot, or from any per font paying or liable to pay any tribute, rent, or tax, to or for the use of the said united company, any fu?n of money or other valuable thing by way of gift, present, or otherwise, over and above, or besides and except the abiual tribute, rent or tax authorised to be taken by and for the use of the said united company; and that I will justly and truly account for, answer, and pay, all the rents, duties, and other revenues and sums of money which shall cGme to> my hands, or to the hands of any person or person in trufl for or employed by me, as a?i officer of the revenues of the said company, unto the said united company.

So help me GOD.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or re- Receiving

ceiving any sum of money, or other valuable thing, as a gift or gifts to be present, or under cojour thereof, whether it be for the use of the

party receiving the same, or for, or pretended to be for the use

of the said company, or of any other person whatsoever, by any

British subject, holding or excercifing any office or employment

under his Majesty, or the said united company, in the East Indies,

shall be deemed and taken to be extortion and a misdemeanor at

law, and shall be proceeded against and punished as such, under and by virtue of this act, and the offender shall also forfeit to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, the whole gift or present

so received, or the full value thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the The court

court or jurisdiction before whom any such offence shall be njay order

tried shall have full power and authority to direct the said present gi2s to, ke

r 1, rest ored, and

or gift, or any part thereof, to be reitored to the party who gave fines to be

the same, or to prder the whole, or any part thereof, or of any given the pro-

fine which the court shall set on the offender, to be paid or given fecutor.

to

156

Counsellors at law, &c. may take fees in their pro-sessions.

Neglect to execute the orders of the directors, &c. to be deemed a mifde-meanov;

as also any corrupt bargain for giving up or obtaining any employment.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

to the prosecutor or informer, as such court in its discretion shall think lit.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any person exercising the profession of counsellor at law, physician, or surgeon, or any chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving fees, gratuities, or rewards (bona fide) in the way of his profession only.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the wilful disobeying, or the wilfully omitting, forbearing, or neglecting to execute the orders or instructions of the court of directors of the said company, by any governor general, governor, president, counsellor, or commander in chief, or by any other of the officers or servants of the said united company in the East Indies (unless in cases of necessity, the burthen of the proof of which necessity shall lie on the party so disobeying, or omitting or forbearing to execute such orders and instructions as aforesaid), and every wilful breach of the trust and duty of any office or employment, by any such governor general, governor, president, counsellor, or commander in chief, or by any of the officers or servants of the said united company in the East Indies shall be deemed and taken to be a misdemeanor at law, and shall or may be proceeded against: and punished as such by virtue of this ach

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the making or enter-

His Majesty's subjects amenable to courts of justice in India and Great Britain for offences in the territories of nativ e princes.

No action to be stayed wit bout the

approbation cl the 1; 0 u\l.

ing into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contracts, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other manner touching or concerning the trull: and duty of any office or employment under the crown, or the said united company, in the East Indies, by any British) subject whomsoever there resident, shall be deemed and taken to be a misdemeanor at law, and shall be proceeded against: and prosecuted as such by virtue of this act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all his Majesty's sub-jedfs, as well servants of the said united company as others, shall be and are hereby declared to be amenable to all courts of justice, both in Lula and Great Britain, of competent jurisdiction to try offences committed in India, for all acts, injuries, wrongs, oppreffions, trespasses, misdemeanors, offences, and crimes whatever, by them or any of them done or to be done or committed in any of the lands or territories of any native prince or slate, or against: their persons or properties, or the persons or properties of any of their subjects or people, in the same manner as if the same had been done or committed within the territories directly subject to and under the British government in India.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said united company, or for any of their officers cr servants, or for the court of directors of the said company, to discontinue, flay, or compound, or settle or agree any actions or suits at law or equity, now depending or hereafter to be commenced, before a final decree or judgement iff all be obtained or given therein, unless by and with the approbation of the board or commissioners for the affairs of India, for that purpose, in writ-

1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 157

ing, first had and obtained; and that all compositions and agreements made for any of the purposes aforesaid, by the cojiirt of dire stors of the said company, with the approbation of the said board, shall be valid and effectual in that behalf, any thing herein or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it farther enacted, That after sentence or Company not

judgement of any court having competent jurisdiction, whether re*e*f ^n"

>: -r, .7.T, r J t tences or re-

in Great Britain or in India, agamic any governor general, gover- store ^rvantg

nor, president, counsellor, or commander in chief, or against any of dismissed by the said united company's servants, civil or military, for any debts sentences. or penalty due or belonging to the said united company, or for any extortion or other misdemeanor, it shall not be lawful for the said united company, in any case whatever, to release or compound such sentence or judgement, or to restore any servant or servants of the said company who shall have been removed or dismissed from his or their office or employment for or on account of mi (behaviour, by the sentence of any of the said courts.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall No person, have held any civil or military station whatever in India, in the under the de-

/ J^Ox 2L

service of the said united company, being under the rank or de- member of

gree of a member of council, or commander in chief of the councilor

forces, and who, having departed from India by leave of the go- commander in

vernor general in council, or governor in council, shall not re- ^10

o 4^> o'liiall not re-

turn to India within the space of five years next after such de- turn to jn(jja

parture, shall be entitled to any rank or restoration of office, or within 5 years be capable of again serving in India, either in the European or from his leave native corps of troops, or in the civil line of the company's fer- entiTled^to^ vice, unless in the case of any civil servant of the company, it rank ex_ shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court of dire^ors, that Cept as herein such absence was occasioned by sickness or infirmity, or unless provided, such person be permitted to return with his rank to India by a vote or resolution passed by way of bailot, by three parts in four of the proprietors assembled- in general court, specially convened for that purpose, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpose of such meeting shall be given in The London Gazettee, or unless, in the case of any military officer, it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said court of directors, and the board of of for the affairs of India, that such absence was occasioned by sickness or infirmity, or some inevitable accident.

LXXL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The company That the said united company of merchants of England trading to enjoy ex-to the East Indies, and their successors, shall have, use, and enjoy, and shall continue to have, use, and enjoy the whole, foie, mits mention-and exclusive trade and trafsick, and the only liberty, use, and ed in an act of privilege of tracting, trafficking, and exercising the trade or bu-9Gul. 3. and finess of merchandize in, to, and from the East Indies^ and in, charter of^ to, and from all the islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, Towns, e^?I° u* and places between the Cape of Good Hope and Streights of Magellan, and limits ia an act made in the ninth year of the reign

of

15S Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

of King William the Third, or in a certain charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of the same King mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the said company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, subject nevertheless to the several limitations, conditions, and regulations in this act contained, and also subject to the proviso herein after contained.for determining the same; any former act or acts, matter or thing, to the contrary notwithstanding. as also all pro-

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said company fits, &c. grant- £h.all at all times hereafter (subject as aforesaid) have, hold, and other adS or enj°y5 an^ ent*e(l unto all and singular the profits, benefits, charters, freed advantages, privileges, franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, from condi- authorities, rights, remedies, methods of suits, penalties, for-tions of re- feitures, disabilities, provisions, matters, and things whatever, emp ion, c. whjcfi by any former or acts of parliament, or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any claitfe or clauses in the said acts or charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, limited, established, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the said company, or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The general society entitled to the advantages given by an act of parliament for advancing a sum not exceeding tvjo miU lions for the service of the crown ^England, or the said body politick and corporate called by the name of The English Company trading to, the East Indies, or th^said body politick and corporate called by the name of The United-Company of Mercha?its of England trading to the East Indies, and-hot by this act, or any other act now in force, repealed or altered, according to the tenor and true meaning of the said acts and charters, and of this act, freed and discharged from all provisoes and conditions of redemption and determination in any former act or acts contained; and the same, and every of them, are and is hereby ratified and confirm^ ed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised and put in execution, by the said company and their successors, for the better and more effectually settling and securing to them and their successors the whole, foie, and e&clusive trade to the East Indies and parts aforesaid, and for the preventing trade thereto, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and for securing also their possessions, estate, and effects, and governing their affairs and business in all respects, as fully and effectually as if the same profits, benefits, advantages, trade, privileges, franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of suits, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, provisions, matters, and things, were several lyrepeated and at large re-enacted in the body of this act; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the said acts or charters now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed, varied, or altered, and subject also to the several en- aftments, conditions, limitations, and provisoes in this act contained.

On the expira-

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That tion of 3 years at any time, upon three years notice to be given by parliament,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52I 159

[notice by par-

after the first day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the expiration of the said three years, and upon payment made to the said com- Marchi, i8n* pany of any sum or sums, which, under the provisions of any act and payment of this present session of parliament, shall or may, upon the ex- of what may-pi ration of the said three years, become payable to the said com- t^e Publick to pany by the publick, according to the true intent and meaning the company, of such act, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, their exclusive the said right, title, and interest of the said company to the trade to cease; whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

LXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no- but their earthing in the said proviso Iafb herein-before contained, or in any to^detef01" proviso in the said act of the ninth year of King William the m*n

Third, or in the said charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his reign, or in any other act or charter contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine the corporation of the said united company, or to hinder, prevent, or preclude the said company, or their successors, from carrying on at all times, after such determination of the right to the lole, whole, and exclusive trade as aforesaid, a free trade, in, to, and from the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, with all or any part of their joint stock in trade, goods, merchandizes, estate, and effects, in common with other the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, trading to, in, or from the said parts or limits.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any notice in writ- Notice by the ing, signified by the speaker of the house of commons for the speaker of the time being, by order of the said house, shall be deemed and ad- Mons to be" judged a due and proper notice by parliament, to and for all the deemed a due ends, intents, and purposes, for which any notice is by this act notice by par-directed to be given to the said company. liament.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if In case of cef-any cefiionof territory shall be obtained from the Chinese govern- fion from the ment, and a new settlement shall be made by the said company ^nrnenf°of upon such territory, distinct and separate from the continent of territory fepa-China, and wholly free from any jurisdiction or authority of the rate from the Chinese government, in that case, and so long as the same shall continent, any so remain to the said company, it shall and maybe lawful for fub^s^ma^3 any of his Majesty's subjects, under such regulations and reflric- expect British tions as fhralkbe approved by the board of of for the orlrifhmanu-affairs of hidid, to export British and Irish manufactures in the factures in ships of the said company, at a moderate rate of freight, the same being consigned to the said company's lupra cargoes, or*

such other persons as the said company, with the approbation of the said board of of, shall license to reside at such settlement for that purpose only; and provided that all and every Restrictions of such persons so licensed shall be prohibited from having any on persons to connection or intercourse With the continent of China, and from Manufactures carrying on any other trade or concern whatever, save and ex- are configued. cept the sale of British? and Irish manufacturees before mentioned, and from all interference with the affairs of the said company;

and

Ships in the font hern whale fishery

tions.

160 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

and that all such persons shall enter into the like covenants with the said company as other free, merchants by them licensed, or such other covenants as shall be reasonably required by the said court of directors in that behalf, and also into a special engagement, if the same shall be required, for paying the net proceeds of the Tales of such manufactures into the treasury of the said company at such new settlement, for bills of exchange payable by the said company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the actual rate of exchange at the time; and that no person whatever shall be permitted to reside in any place or places so ceded, or to trade or communicate with any port or place in China, who is not a servant of the said company, or who is not licensed by them to act as aforesaid.

LXXVIf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the continuance of the said whole, foie, and exclusive trade, un(?er a^ Geo-. hibjedt as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for any ship or

3. c. 50. and vessel which shall be employed in carrying on the southern whale 28 Geo. 3. c. fishery, under and by virtue of an act, made in the twenty-sixth '2°t* the Pacific Jr?ar °* ^'IS present Majesty, intituled An act for the encourage-Ocean by C ment Gf^fout^ern zv/': a?e fifl/£Th an(^ a cettain other ad, made Horn, under in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for amending certain restric- the said act made in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, to fail or pass into the Pacific Ocean by Cape Horn, to the northward of the equator, provided that such {hips shall not proceed further west than one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude from London, and provided that the said {hips shall not proceed without such licence, and shall be under and subject to all such regulations, restrictions, penalties, and provisions, as are mentioned in the said respective acts.

LXXVIII. And, for the further encouragement of trade to the north-veeft coast of America and the ifilands adjacent, under the limitations contained in the convention made by his Majesty with the King of Spain, of the twenty-eighth day of Gdober one ihoifiiud fieven Oct. 28, 1790. hundred and ninety, it may he expedient that finps fitted out for thefie parts should in certain cases he permitted by licence from the said company to proceed from the said coast and ifilands dir eft. to the ifiles of Japan and the con ft s of Korea and Canton, there to dispofie of their cargoes obtained on the said north-west coafi of America, and to return from thence dir eft to the same north-west coast or ifilands adjacent, ami there dispose of their returns in trade, the owners and commanders of finch j, hips entering into finch covenants with, and giving such fee why to the said company, and fiuhmiilhig to be bound by Jueh rules and regulations as Jkall appear to be befit adapted for prefif rving to the said company the exercise and benefits ofi their commercial privileges, and conduce to the prefiervation of good order and regularity of the filoips companies, and their obfiervance ofi the lavas prescribed by the native states, during the continuance ofi such /kips on the said coast s of Japan, Korea, and in the river c?/7 Canton afibre-Directors^to^f{1id: be it therefore further enacted, That the court of directors board for the' ^ie said company shall, and they are hereby required, forth-affairsofinuij, with after the passing of this act, to frame and lay before the

Convention between his Majesty and the King of Spain, dated

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. i6x

board of of for the affairs of/W/tf, such rules and regulations for regulations as they shall think best adapted for the purposes afore- ^the Ut fa id, and also the forms of such deeds of covenant or other fecu- north-west rities as the said court of directors shall judge to be prope'r or coast of Ame-necessary to be entered into or give/i for the due observance fica, Ax. thereof by the owners and commanders of ships to be licensed as aforesaid, and that the said board shall thereupon proceed to revise the same, and to give such orders and inffrucSHons to the said directors in relation thereto as they shall think fit and expedient; and that the said owners and commanders conforming themselves to the terms and conditions which shall be so prescribed, shall have and be intitled to such licence or licences, and the said court of directors are hereby required to grant the same accordingly, unless on any representation made by the said directors to the said board of of, containing any specific objections against the granting of any such licence, the said board shall order the same to be withheld, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the said directors to withhold or refuse the same.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Such fegula* the said rules and regulations to be so made for the purposes hons not to aforesaid, or any deeds of covenant or other securities to be re- powe/in f^ quired to be entered into or given for the observance thereof, pefcargoes, shall not extend to vest in any council of supercargoes or other See. than they officers of the said company a greater power over any ships, or haveoverships the comtnanders, officers, or companies of the same, in the t^f^rvice^of eastern seas or on the coasts of Japan, Korea, and China, which the company, they shall be permitted to visit according to the tenor of such licences, than such as can, shall or may lawfully be exercised by the said council of supercargoes or other officers of the said company, in or over the ships employed by or in the service of the said company, and the commanders, officers, and men belonging thereto.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Dtfpofalof' felling or disposing of any goods or merchandize at any other £0<^bcence* place or places than shall be mentioned and specified in any such TJr breach licence, or any wilful breach or non-observance of any of the regulations, to said rules or regulations, shall be held as a misdemeanor at law, be deemed a.and shall and may be punished as such, and that the parties of- ^hetemeanor* fending therein shall be deemed to have traded and trafficked unlawfully within the limits of the company's exclusive trade, and shall incur and suffer the penalties and forfeitures by this imposed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the said limits, and shall over and besides pay to the said company such pecuniary penalties as such offenders shall have incurred or forfeited by any wilful breach or non-observance of the stipulations contained in and by the said deeds of covenants or securities entered into or given to the said company by force and in virtue of this act.

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That dur- Any of his ing the continuance of the said exclusive trade in the said com- Majesty's ftffi-pany, subject as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for any his Majesty's subjects rehdent in Great Britain, or in any other London to the Vql. XXXIX. M part

company s ships, any goods, &c. except as by

162 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. r1793-

ports used by part of his Majesty's Europ can dominions, to export, 'on their or % iT^Tthe own ProPer an^ account, in the {hips of the said company, civil servants, or hi {hips freighted by them from the port of London, to any of or licensed the ports or places usually visited by the ships of the said com-persons in In- pany, on the several coasts of Malabar zmd Coromandel, or in the sum to^o^-11" bay BenKaln t^ie Bast Indies, or the island of Sumatra, any don, in the goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the said dominions, save and except as is herein after otherwise specially provided; and that in like manner it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects thiTad other- in, the ci, vil service of the said company in India, or being by wife provided, leave or licence of the said company, or under their protection, as merchants resident in India, respectively, to consign and put on board the {hips of the said company, or in ships freighted by them, bound to Great Britain, any goods, wares, or merchandize, save and except also as is by this act otherwise specially provided, in order to the same being imported, on the risk and account of the owners thereof, at the port of London, under the regulations herein after specified and contained.

LXXXIF. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That during the said further term in the said exclusive trade it shall not be lawful for any person or persons, save only the said company, or port or import such as shall obtain their special leave and licence in writing for' that purpose, to export, ship, or carry out from Great Britain

to the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of the said exclusive trade, any military stores, ammunition, mails, spars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar, or copper; nor to ship, carry, or put on board any of the said company's {hips in the East Indies, or other parts of the said limits, bound to London, or otherwise to bring or import into Great Britain any India callicoes, dimities, muilins, or other piece goods, made or manufactured with silk or cotton, or with silk and cotton mixed, or with other mixed materials y any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. And whereas the foie and exclusive right in the export trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, and other parts, within the limits of the said company0s charter, in the aforesaid articles of ?najlsy sparsy cordage, anchors, pitch and tary is by this act reserved to and continued in the said company, with intent that the said company may not only furnish a sufficient quantity of those articles for corfumption at their fortsy garriJonsy ports and dock yards there, but also to send to India the said several articles, and keep the markets supplied therewith, as far as may appear to be confident with publick security, at moderate prices: and whereas it is fit and proper that the British and Irish manufacturers of the said several articles should have every further reasonable satisfaction given to them., that the said exclusive privilege shall not operate to their injury or prejudice through the failure or default of the said company in carrying on their export trade in the said articles to as large an extent as prudence and policy will admits be it therefore further enacted, That the court of directors of the said company shall.

None but the company, or by their licence^ to ex-

certam articles.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 163

in the month of February in every year, lay before the said boardn February of of for the affairs of India, an exact invoice of the #orsto'e quantities and forts of cordage, pitch and tar, and the number before the and sizes of masts and spars, and the number and weight of an- board an m-Ohors severally, exported by the said comp\ny in the preceding voice of the year; and shall also, when*required so to do by the said board, ^ported lay before the said board a similar invoice or account of the quantities, numbers, sizes and weights, as far as the case will admit, of all the articles before enumerated, which shall be intended to be exported by the said company in the ensuing season; and that Board to ex-upon any representation made to the said board by any British or amine ay, re* Irish manufacturers of any failure or default in the said company, made^the8 of their exporting any of the said articles to a. sufficient or rea- insufficiency (enable extent in quantity and value, as well for the proper con- offucharticles fumption of the forces of the said company in India, and at their e*Portec* bY ports, garrisons, and settlements there, as for meeting the de- and may^adnut mands of the India markets for the said articles respectively, the individuals to said board may and shall examine into the grounds of such repre- export them fentations, and the allegations contained therein; and may and, n thecom-^shall, according to the circumstances of the case, at their dif- s n^s*cretion, make such orders and regulations for admitting individuals to export to India, in the {hips of the said company, or employed in their service, at the like rate of freight as shall be then payable for other goods exported thither in private trade, all or any forts of the articles herein-before enumerated, as the said board shall from time to time judge fitting and proper, under and subject to such restrictions and limitations as shall be expressed in their said orders and regulations concerning the same; and further, if the said board shall fee it requisite, it shall and may en* be lawful for the said board to enlarge the quantity of tonnage ^- by this act directed to be provided for other private trade, to an private^rade1* extent not exceeding the quantity which shall appear to the said for that pur- board to be necessary for the carriage of the said articles, so per- pose. rnitted to be exported by individuals, and which said additional tonnage shall be specifically set apart and reserved for that purpose only; and that the said company shall, and they are hereby required to provide such additional quantity of shipping or tonnage accordingly; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary inotwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if If the comr the said company shall not, on or before thirty-nrft day of August PanI ^u^.ot next after the passing of this act, and also on or before the thirty- annVjlfy pur-first: day of August in every subsequent year during the continu- chafe 1500 ance of their said exclusive trade, contract for and purchase, on tons of copper their own account, fifteen hundred tons of British copper, for exPorta-the purpose of exportation to Pome port or place within the limits prictortTof*of their said exclusive trade, it shall or may be lawful to and for copper may the proprietors or holders of British copper residing in Great Bri- export that tain, in every such year respectively, to export that quantity, in ships to be provided by the said company, to any ports or places com-

they think proper in the East Indies, at the same rates of freight, party's foips.

164 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

and subject to the same regulations as to the amount of such freight per ton as are herein expressed with respect to the freight of other species of British manufactures and produce on private account; and that if the said company shall not purchase or contract for so much as fifteen hundred tons of British copper in any one year as aforesaid, it shall or may be lawful for the proprietors or holders of British copper to export in ships to be provided by the said company, such quantity or quantities as, together with the quantities purchased by the said company, shall amount to full fifteen hundred tons, to be exported annually as aforesaid to the ports or places, and under and subjectt to the same regulations as to the amount of freight per ton in {hips to be provided by the said company as is herein expressed on the exportation of any other British produce on private account; and that the said proprietors or holders of British) copper exporting the same in manner aforesaid, shall be at liberty to obtain their returns in the like commodities of India, in the same manner and in the same proportions as herein provided for the other proprietors of British manufactures or produce exported to India on their own account Persons hi- by virtue of this act: provided also, that in case the said corn-tending to ex- pany shall not on or before the thirty — first day of August in any one year, have bought or contracted for the full quantity of fifteen hundred tons of British copper for the purposes aforesaid, that then all persons intending to export either the whole or part of the find fifteen hundred tons remaining unfold to the said company, shall signify the same by a notice in writing to the chief secretary of the said company, between the thirty-first day of August and the.fourteenth day of October in every such year, provided that the said tonnage for the copper to be so sent out to of the private India in any of the cases aforesaid, shall not be considered as part trade allow- of the tonnage allowed by this act for the private trade.

LXXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient quantity of such callicoes, dimities, muslins, or other piece goods of the description aforesaid, shall not to imported, by the said company, and the persons by them licensed to import the same, for keeping the market supplied therewith, at reason-

port copper, to give notice to the company's secretary.

Tonnage for such copper not to be deemed part

ance.

If the company do not import a sufficient quantity of calli-

board may admit individuals to import them in

a^le Pr^ces5 to answer the consumption in Great Britain, as far as any of the said forts of goods may lawfully be worn or used therein, and likewise for exportation, it shall and may be lawful for the board of of for the affairs of India to make > th.ecompany's such regulations for admitting individuals to import in the said* company's ships, or {hips employed by them, into Great Britain,

all or any of the forts of goods herein-before specified, under such conditions, reflections, and limitations, as the said board shall from time to time direct; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to permit any person to export or import in private trade any goods or merchandize contrary to the provisions of any act or acts of parliament mow in force, and not by this act exprelhy repealed, nor to vary, alter.

Act not to permit any person to export or import any goods contrary to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 165

or affect any act or acts now in force for prohibiting the con- law, nor to fumption, wearing, or use of any foreign manufacture within ^rbifion of the this kingdom; but that all and singular the said acts, and the use of any, provisions and regulations therein contained respectively, shall reign manu* remain and continue of the same force and effect* to all intents facture. and purposes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And inasmuch as the ensuring to private merchants and manufacturers the certain and ample means of exporting their 'merchandize to the East Indies, and importing the returns for the same, and other goods, vjares, and merchandizes allowed by this affy at reasonable rates of freight, may ejpntially conduce so the advancement of the trade and navigation of theje kingdoms; be it further enacted, That the said company shall, in the proper Tafon of Company to every year, provide and appropriate three thousand tons of ship- n^e^fo/hfeh ping at the least for the specifick purposes of carrying to the Eaff articles as may Indies such goods, wares, and merchandize as may be lawfully be exported exported thither by individuals, and for bringing back from pr imported thence as well the returns of the same as likewise the goods Gf byindlvlclua 8* other persons entitled to import the same into this kingdom by virtue of this act; and if the said quantity of tonnage shall be found insufficient, or shall be found to be more than shall be sufficient for the carriage of the said private trade, export or import, the said company shall from time to time land and provide such an additional quantity of tonnage, or lessen the quantity of tonnage to be provided for the carriage of the said private trade, as the board of of for the affairs of India shall, upon any representation made to them from time to time, order and dire£L

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Directors may case the court of directors of the said company shall be of opinion that the additional quantity of tonnage for the carriage of think the ton-the private trade which shall at any time hereafter be ordered and nage ordered directed by the said board of of for the affairs of India, by the board is greater than ought to have been directed or ordered, it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply by petition to jarge# his Majesty in council touching the same, and his Majesty in council shall finally determine thereupon.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said company shall be entitled to charge and recover, from the owners of goods imported or exported in private trade, such rates of freight for the carriage thereof as are herein after specified, and not any higher rate or rates, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say), For the carriage of Rate of freight any goods from Great Britain to any port or place in the East for the car-Indies in time of peace, after the rate of five pounds per ton, and paSe.of good# for the carriage of any goods from any part of the East Indies to trade.

Great Britain, after the rate of fifteen pounds per ton, computing such tonnage in the same manner as the tonnage of goods shipped by the said company on their own account, and that in times of war, or preparations for war, between Great Britain


166 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 52. [1793.

and any other European power or state, or when any circumstances incidental to war, or preparations for war, shall happen, whereby an increase in the rates of freight payable by the said comany shall become unavoidable, then or as long as such war, or preparations, or other circumstances shall continue, the said company shall be entitled to charge and recover, for the carriage of the said private trade, additional rates of freight, after a due proportion to the additional rates of tonnage which shall be paid by the said company for the hire of ships for their own trade> and at or after no higher rate or proportion.

Intention of XC. And be it further enacted, That when any circumstance advancing the shall arise which, according to the true intent and meaning of cn^Hvate1^ a<^' ^a'd ent^e t^ie said company to make any advance in trade to he the said rates of freight on private trade, the court of directors communicat- of the said company shall, before they shall be entitled to encrease ecitotheboard the same, communicate in writing to the board of of aP" for the affairs of India their intentions so to do, with their rea-° fons for the same, and the extent of the increase by them proposed, with such other information or observations relating thereto as shall to them appear material to be known by the said board; and that no increase shall be made in the said rates but such as shall be approved by the said board and that any increase so made shall be subject and liable to be reduced or discontinued, as circumstances may admit or require, and as the said board shall, from time to time, in that behalf direct.

Every 3 years, XCI. And be it further enacted, That in the month of August

the directors one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and so afterwards ^vhether any in mont: August in every third year, during the continu-

bate ment can ance-of the further term hereby granted to the said company in foe made in the their said trade, the court of directors of the said company shall rates of freight tak-e into their consideration ho w far and to what extent the then tmde*and to general slate and condition of the affairs of shipping may call for, communicate or will reasonably admit of any abatement in the rates of freight their observa- then paid or payable on private trade, and to certify in writing tions to the such fasts and observations as may occur in respectc thereto, unto

cI9the board of of for the affairs of India, together with

their opinion whether the said rates will fairly admit of any reduction or abatement, and to what extent, and whether for the whole or for any and what part of the term of three years then next following, with their reasons for the same and that the said board shall take the report of the said directors into their consideration, and either approve the alterations proposed by the said directors, or make such other order therein as to the said board shall appear just and expedient; and that the order of the said board in respect thereto shall be valid and conclusive on the said company.

Persons in- XC1J. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

tending to ex- persons intending to export any goods from Great Britain to the

port gooes £aa ]tuii£S signify the same by a notice in writing to the

irum Great r o j j o

Britain to give C^hcf secretary of the said company before the lap day of August

notice to the in each year, for the ships' of the ensuing season, and that even y

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 16j-

such notice shall specify the name of the port or place of defli- company's fe-nation of such goods, and the quantity of tonnage required for the same, and the period when the goods will be ready to be tVeigiit, &c. laden or put on board; and that every person giving any such notice shall, on or before the fifteenth day of Septe?nber next ensuing the delivery thereof, deposit in the treasury of the said company the money chargeable for the freight upon the quantity of tonnage thereby required or therein specified, unless the court of directors of the said company shall think fit to accept any security for the payment thereof*, and that every such person shall also, before the thirtieth day of October following, deliver to the said secretary a list of the forts of goods intended to be exported, and the quantities of each of such forts reflectively; and that in default thereof, or failure in providing the goods to be shipped within the time specified in the notice for that purpose, the deposit made, or security taken for the said freight, shall be forfeited to the said company.

XCIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all persons intending to export any goods from any port or place in exporttbem the Ecijl Indies to Great Britain, shall signify the same by notice from India to in writing to the chief secretary of the presidency in India wherein give notice to the same are to be shipped, or to such person as shall be specially authorised to receive the same by the respective governments Uency, &c.- abroad, within a reasonable and convenient time, to be limited by the said respectwe governments for that purpose, in which notice shall be specified the forts and quantities of goods intended to be shipped, the quantity of tonnage required, and the period when the goods will be ready to be put on board; and that every person giving such notice shall make a deposit at the treasury of such presidency or settlement respectively of the whole amount of the freight upon the quantity of tonnage specified in the said notice, or otherwise give such resonable security for the payment thereof in Great Britain, and the due performance of his engagements in that behalf, as the said respective governments shall require- and if any of the persons giving such notice shall not provide his or their goods to be shipped within the time or times therein specified for that purpose, their deposits made, or securities given for the freight, shall be forfeited to the said company.

XCIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Vacant ton-vacant tonnage shall remain, not engaged by individuals, either in Great Britain or the East Indies, after the times limited for giv- the^ods-of 1 ing such notices respectively, the said tonnage, together with any the company, other vacant tonnage occasioned by the failure or default of any person or persons in the delivery of their goods within the period specified in their notices for that purpose, shall and may be occupied by the goods of the said company, without any allowance to the per-foils making such default in respect thereof; and that if the whole jf tonnage quantity of tonnage required for private trade in any year, either in required for Great Britain or the haft Indies, shall exceed the whole quantity to be provided for private trade, according to the true intent and t'jle meaning of this ail, in such year respectively, in that case the provided, the

M 4. whole whole shall

o

i68 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

be propor-^whole of the tonnage provided shall be impartially distributed buted^amongst the parties requiring the same, in proportion to the quantities specified in their respective notices; and that on every such occasion the said distribution shall be made with all convenient dispatch, and the quantity of tonnage appertaining to each of the persons entitled thereto shall be notified to them reflectively by the said secretary or other proper officer in writing, seven clear days at the least antecedent to the day appointed for making the deposit, or giving security for the said freight, in the manner before directed.

Civil servants

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be °an^eorl?" for any persons residing in India, in the civil service of the

censed^ersons said company, or by their leave or licence, not being restricted by in India, may their covenants with the said company, or otherwise specially pro-rust as con- hibited by them or their governments in India from so doing, and fi^nees, &c, bej[ng in any judicial or military capacity, to act as commercial agents, managers, or consignees, on the behalf of such persons as shall think fit to employ them, as well in the disposal of any export goods, not hereby prohibited from being exported by individuals, as in providing such other kinds of goods as may by law be imported by individuals into Great Britain on their private account, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture in respect thereof3 any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Directors to

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any repre-cient number ^entat^on raa(fa to the court of directors of the said company, by of free mer- or on the behalf of any private traders, of the want of a suffici-chants to dif- ent number of persons in the East Indies, duly authorised and pose ofprivate properly qualified to act for them in the disposal of their, cargoes, trade. #nd purchase and investments of goods in return for the same,

the said court shall fail to license a further number of persons to reside in India in the character of free merchants, to the satisfaction of the said private traders, it shall and may be lawful for the said traders to represent the lame to the board of of for the affairs of India, and that the said court of directors shall thereupon license a proper and sufficient number of persons to reside at their settlements in the East Indies, in the character of free merchants, with the approbation of the said board.

fv^e traders

XCVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared, subject to the" That the officers and servants of the said company, and all other authority of British subjects, during their residence in India, notwithstanding the company, their being employed to act as agents, factors, or managers for private traders, shall continue amenable and subject to the powers and authorities of the said company and their governments in India, in the like manner as if they had not so acted, or had not been so employed; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ko persons to

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That during all such thanVo^mdes t*l, YJe as company shall be entitled to the said exclusive

from a prin- trade, subject as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any British cipa) settle- subject or subjects in the service of the said company, or licensed

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 169

by them to go to or to live or continue in India, to reside in any ment, without other place there than in one of the principal settlements of the ^v^nork&c said company, or within ten miles of such principal settlement, ° without the {pedal licence of the said company, or of the governor general, or governors of such principal settlement, in writing, for that purpose first had and obtained; nor shall any such British subject or subjects go to or continue beyond the limits aforesaid for any longer space of time, or at any other time or times respectively, than shall be specified in his or their licence or order of leave in that behalf, on pain of being dismissed the service of the said company, and forfeiting to the said company such wages, salaries, and allowances as shall be due by the said company to the person or persons io offending, and of his or their licence or licences to continue or reside in India.

XCIX. And whereas, by virtue of the said act made in the ninth Act9Gul. j. year of King William the Third, the said company is entitled to re- recited. ceive a duty of five pounds for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods, wares, and merchandises of the growth, produst, or manufacture tf the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of their said exclusive trade, imported or brought into this kingdom in private trade, towards defraying certain charges in the said act mentioned and specified: and whereas the said company have, over and besides the said duty of five pounds per centum, been accustomed to charge and retain, for their own use, after the rate of two pounds per centum on the gross sale amount of all goods, wares, and merchandises imported into this kingdom from the East Indies in private trade, in -recompence and satisfaction for the charges and expenses of unshipping and felling the same, and otherwise in the care and management thereof: and whereas, for the encourage?nent of the said private trade, it is deemed expedient that the said duty of five pounds per centum should be repealed, and the said charge of two pounds per centum discontinued: and that the said company should be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof respectively, to recompense them from the said charges on private trade, after the rate of three pounds for every hundred pounds on the true and real value or gross sale amount of all goods imported fro?n the East Indies in private trade, including the duties and charges payable in respect thereof: be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of March one From March thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the said duty of five 1, 1794, in pounds per centum granted by the said act shall be repealed, andieu °* duty the said charge of two pounds per centum discontinued, and that in lieu thereof respectively there shall be rendered and paid to the charge of al. said company, during their further term by this act granted in per cent, on the said exclusive trade, a duty or allowance after the rate of private trade, three pounds per centum on the gross sale amount of all goods, percent wares, and merchandizes imported or brought into this kingdom granted; from the East Indies in private trade, including in such value or amount all duties and charges payable in respect thereof, the same to be paid by the owners thereof, or otherwise to be retained by fine laid company out of the proceeds of such goods, in fitiftadion and discharge of the c: < peaces to be incurred by the

17° Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

said company in the unshipping, voyage, cartage, warehouse room, sorting, lotting, and felling the said goods, or in any other manner concerning the same, over and above the freight becoming due for the carriage thereof by virtue of this act; and that no other charge, beyond the said allowance of three pounds per* centum by this act granted, shall be made by the said company in respect of the expences attending the said private trade, the freight for the carriage thereof only and always excepted, but not to ex- C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said tend to im- repeal shall not extend to release the payment of the said duty of CWna ^rto ^ve Poun<^s Per centum or the said charge of two poundscen-afleA Engage- turn on any goods, wares, or merchandize which shall be brought ments of the home and imported in any of the {hips of the said company, or company with in their service from China, nor to affe6f any covenants or en-their captains, gagements now subsisting or hereafter to be made, by or between the said company, or on their behalf, with the matters and commanders of the company's {hips, or with any other of the officers or servants of the said company, in whatever employment or capacity they may happen to be, but that all and every such covenants and engagements shall be, and be held, deemed, and taken to be of the same force and effedf, to every intent and purpose, as if this act had not been made, the said repeal, or any other matter or thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL. And whereas, for encouraging individuals to engage in the import trade of the several forts of raiv materials herein after specified, and also for securing to manufacturers the means of furnishing themselves therewith at the said sales, it is expedient that proper rules and regulations should he made for providing for speedy and frequent sales of such materials, and in moderate lots; and for preventings as far as may be, any undue preference being given in respect either of the mode or times of the making file of any of the said commodities, as between the company and individuals, or as between one Directors to individual and another; be it enacted, That it shall and may be form rules for lawful for the court of directors of the said company, and they are hereby required forthwith, after the passin'g of this act, to frame such rules and regulations for the future sales of all raw fiIk, sugar, cotton yarn, cotton wool, and other wool, skins, dying woods and drugs, and other articles of raw material, imported either in private trade or on the said company's own account, as in their judgement shall appear best adapted for the several purposes aforesaid, and to lay the same before the board of of for the affairs of India, for their revisal and approbation; and that the rules and regulations which shall be so framed and approved shall be deemed and considered of the same force as a bye law of the said company, subject nevertheless to such future revision and alteration by the said court of directors, with the approbation of the said board, as circumstances may from time to time be found to require in that behalf.

Goods import

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all ed in private manner of goods imported in private trade, as well raw materials trade to be others, shall be secured in the company's warehouses, and fold

openly

sales of raw illk, &c. and lay the same before the board for revisal, &c.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. lyt

openly and publickly by inch of candle, or by way of publick Secured in the

auction. and in no other manner, under the order and authority co^Pany s -, 7 r t- rir*i 1 v warenoufeSt

of the court of directors 01 the said company, on the account ot and publickly

the proper owners thereof; and that when any of such goods fold, &c. shall be bought in by the owners, the whole consignments so bought in shall and may be delivered out to them with all convenient speed after the Tales thereof, upon payment of the freight, duties, and other charges to which the same shall be liable, without the actual payment of the gross prices or sale amount of the said goods*and that the said private trade, and the sales thereof, shall be in all respects managed and conduced according to the bye laws of the said company, made and provided for the management of the said private trade, save only and except as is otherwise directed, provided, or authorised by this act.

CIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That previous Goods ofprl-to the shipping of any goods under the authority of this act, by vate mer-private merchants or manufacturers, the same shall be duly regis- chants to be tered in books kept by the said company for registering private trade goods, in which registry shall be described the marks and pi^ &c# numbers of each bale or package of goods so shipped, and the amount of the tonnage of all the goods shipped by each merchant or manufacturer; and an order or licence in writing shall be given, under the hand of the proper officer of the said company, for the shipping of such goods; and all goods which shall be shipped either in London or the East Indies, without being so registered, shall be considered as goods illicitly shipped, and the said goods shall be subject to such seizure and forfeiture, and the owners, shippers, and agents concerned therein, to such forfeitures and penalties, as any person shall be subject to by law for carrying on trade to or from the East Indies without the said company's licence.

CIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all goods, Goodsexport-wares, and merchandizes, exported or imported by virtue of this ed or import-act, by or on the account of any private merchants, traders, or'C tc> other persons, shall be subject to the payment of the like rates, fUbje^. to customs, and duties of import and export, both in India and same rates as Great Britain, as the goods, wares, and merchandizes of the those of the same kinds or forts, of and belonging to the said company, are cornPaiiy* or shall be subject or liable unto, and to no other rates, customs, or duties whatever, the aforesaid duty or allowance of three pounds per centum, granted to the said company for the purposes aforesaid, always excepted, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Company not That the said company shall, by virtue of this act, be wholly to pay exempted, freed, and exonerated from the claims of individuals' in respect to any compensation or satisfaction which the said com- goods, pany might otherwise be liable to answer or pay as carriers of goods, for any embezzlement, \vaste, Losses, or damages of any goods, wares, or merchandize* during the time of their bein, <2; on board the ships of or employed by the said company, or in any

Securities

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

of their warehouses in Great Britain or India, or in their transit to or from such ships; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the deeds of covenant, given by the and other engagements and securities, made, given, or entered company to^into ^y any t^ie ^cers an^ servants of the said company, en-extend to the trusted by them with the custody, care or management of goods, property of in- wares, and merchandizes, whether at sea or on shore, for the due dividuals, &c. execution of the trust reposed in them, shall be deemed in law to extend to and include as well such goods, wares, and merchandize, as are the immediate property of the said company, as such as are the property of individuals; and that all or any of the officers and servants of the said company, so by them intrusted, and all other persons having at any time the custody or care of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, by or through whose means, default, procurement, negleds, or want of care, any embezzlement, waste, loss, or damage, shall or may arise or be sustained, shall be liable at law to answer for the same in damages &nd colts to the proper owners thereof; and that if such owners shall be desirous of being availed of the benefit of any such deeds of covenant or engagement, and shall give such security or other indemnity to the court of directors of the said company, as the said court shall require for securing the said company, and keeping them indemnified from all costs and damages in that behalf, it shall be lawful for the party or parties aggrieved by any such embezzlement, waste, loss, or damage, in his property, to sue upon any such deed, engagement, or security, in the name of the said company, and to take the full benefit of any verdict or judgement which shall be obtained or pronounced therein, and to issue or award execution thereupon; any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Application of

CVII. And be it further enacted, That for and during so long time as the said company shall be entitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffic in, to, and from the East Indies, and other places within the limits of their charter, subject to the provisions, regulations, apd limitations in this act contained, the clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues in India^ after defraying the charges and expences of collecting the same, shall be applied and disposed of to and for the uses and purposes herein after expressed in the following order of preference, and to or for no other use or purpose, or in any other manner whatever, any act or acts of parliament now in force to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say), In the first place, in defraying all the charges and expences of raising and maintaining the forces as well European as native, military and marine, on the establishments in India, and of maintaining the forts and garrisons there, and providing warlike and naval stores: secondly, in payment of the interest accruing on the debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred' by the said company in India: thirdly, in defraying the civil and commercial establishments of the said company at their several settlements there:

the surplus arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues in India.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 173

fourthly, that there shall be issued to the respective commercial boards of the said company, at their several presidencies in Indiaj in such proportions as the court of directors of the said company, with the approbation of the board of of for the affairs of India, shall from time to time direct, a sum of not less than one crore of current rupees in every year, to be applied in the provision of the company's investment of goods in India, and in remittances to China, for the provision of investment of goods there: and, fifthly, that as often as any part of the said debts shall be redeemed or discharged in India, or transferred from thence to Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of directors, with the consent of the said board of of, to increase the annual advancement to the said commercial boards, for the provision of investments in India and China, in the same extent to which the interest of the debts in India shall be reduced by such extindion and transfers reflectively, if the trade of the said company from India, and their remittances to China, shall admit of or require such increase: and that after the appropriations aforesaid, or sums set apart sufficient to answer and make good the same, the surplus of the said revenues shall be applied to the liquidation of the debts of the said company in India, or to such other uses and purposes as the court of directors, with the approbation of the board of of for the affairs of India, shall from time to time direct; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CVIII. And whereas sundry debts, incurred in the defence and protection of the British possessions in India, bearing interest are now due and owing by the said company there, amounting to seven crores of current rupees, or seven millions of pounds ferling, or thereabouts: and whereas it may be convenient and beneficial to the company's affairs, that the greater part of the said debts should be transferred or remitted to and paid in Great Britain; and it is therefore expedient that proper encouragement should be given to the creditors of the said company in India, to transfer and remit the same accordingly: be it further enacted, That it shall and may law- Governments ful for the several governments and presidencies in India fromn India may time to time to grant bills of exchange upon the court of direc- ^pon the di-tors of the said company, payable in Great Britain, at such equi- redors for table rates of exchange as shall be from time to time directed or transferring authorised by the said court of directors, with the approbation of debts in India the said board of of for the affairs of India, for the ^-n reat purposes of transferring and remitting the said debts, in manner aforesaid incurred by the said company, and now due and owing by them in India to Great Britain, until the said debts in India shall be reduced to a sum not exceeding two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds sterling, and that the said court of dir.edors shall be, and are by force and virtue of this act, fully authorised and impowered to accept and discharge such bills of exchange accordingly, over and besides such other bills of exchange as the said company could or might lawfully accept and pay if this act had not been made, and not other wise, or in any

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

other manner; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the creditors of the said company in India shall decline to accept of and receive such bills of exchange as aforesaid in payment or discharge of their said respective debts, or shall not accept the same to the amount of five hundred thousand pounds in any year, it shall and may be lawful for the governor general in council of Fort William, in Bengal, or for the governors in council of the several presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, by the order and authority of the said governor general in council, to raise a sufficient sum or sums whereby to make up a remittance for such year to the amount by which the total of bills of exchange so accepted by the said creditors shall fall short of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds by loans of and from any other persons willing to advance the same upon the credit of bills of exchange to be drawn by them upon the said court of directors, at such equitable rates of exchange as shall be authorised and directd in the manner before mentioned; and that the money so raised in India shall forthwith, upon payment thereof into the proper treasury there, be issued and applied towards the liquidation and discharge of the said debts of the said company in India, and to or for no other use or purpose whatever.

Bills not to be

CX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing mor^haiT in a<^ c°ntained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to 500, 000l. an- authorise any of the governments in India to grant bills of ex-nually, unless change for the purpose of transferring or remitting the said debts by order of from India to Great Britain, to become due and payable within the directors. any one year? to he computed from the first day of January in the same year, exceeding in amount the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, unless by the special order and authority of the court of directors of the said company, for that purpose first had and obtained; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Application of

CXI. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance the corntne exc^ufive trade to the said company the net proceeds of in Great Bri- their Tales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances tain. arising by private trade, and all other profits of the said company

in Great Britain, after providing for the payment of bills of exchange already accepted by the said company, as the same shall become due, and for the current payments of other debts, interest and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, (their bond debt always excepted), shall be applied and disposed of in the following manner; (that is to say), First, in payment of 2 dividend, after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the present or any future amount of the capital stock of the said company, the first half year's payment thereof to commence and be made at Midfwnmer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: secondly, in payment of five hundred thousand pounds per annum, the same to be set apart on the first day of March and the first day of September half-yearly, in equal portions, and applied in the discharge of bills of exchange drawn or to be drawn

in

If such bills are not accepted by the creditors to the amount of 500, 0001. annually, the deficiency to be made up by loans.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52; 175

in India, for the transfer or remittance of the debts of the said company from thence to Great Britain, for the diminution of such debts* until the same shall be reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds sterling: thirdly* in payment of a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds in every year, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be applied as parliament shall dire#, the same to be set apart for that purpose on the first day of July and the first day of January in every year, by equal portions, and the first half-yearly payment thereof to be made or accounted due on the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-three: and if the said funds shall prove insufficient in any ft h^ds prove J r I r, i n 1 r, n/r.n J insufficient to

year to satisfy such lait mentioned payments into his Majesty's pay 500>000l.

exchequer, that then and in every such case the same shall be into the ex-made good, except as in this is otherwise specially provided, chequer in out of any surplus which may remain from the said net proceeds ^fi^enc*in any subsequent year, after the payment of the annual sum of macie good five hundred thousand pounds into the receipt of his Majesty's inasubsequent exchequer becoming due in each year respectively: and that until year; and the said debts in India shall be reduced to the said amount of two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds sterling, the reciucec[ to ultimate surplus which shall remain of the said net proceeds, after 2, oooo, ooool. such payments thereout made as aforesaid, shall and may be from the ultimate time to time set apart and applied in augmentation of the said fund or ^eds^to annual sum of five hundred thousand pounds a year, hereby appro- be applied as priatedfor the reduction of the said debts in India, in and for the re- herein men-du£tion thereof, by the discharge of any further bills of exchange to tioned* be drawn from thence, either for the transfer and remittance thereof-to Great Britain, or for loans of money to be borrowed on the credit of any bills of exchange which shall be granted by the order of the court of directors, to any greater amount than is herein-before limited or directed in that behalf; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply any part of the said ultimate surplus of the said net proceeds in the payment of any debts of the said company in Great Britain, (the said bond debt of one million five hundred thousand pounds only excepted), or to the purebate of any goods, wares or other merchandize, to be disposed of in India or China, and to appropriate the produce thereof in and towards the more speedy diminution of the said debts in India: and Application of that when and so soon as the said debts in India shall have been the ntt Pro- reduced to the amount herein-before limited in respect thereof, arefre-and the bond debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred duced to cer-thousand pounds, the surplus of the said net proceeds, after provid- tain amounts, ing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, and of a dividend after the said rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the said capital ftocjc, and the said annual sum of five hundred thousand pounds to be paid into the exchequer, and after making good all former deficiencies in the said annual payments, otherwise than as is provided by this act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner following; (that is to say), one sixth part of the said surplus, computed and adjusted to the first day of March in every year,

shall

\j6

a6GfO.3X.3i,

recited.

tf the debts, after reduction, shall be again increased beyond certain Sums, the like appropriations lor their reduction again to take place.

Bank to keep an account with the of under the last recited act, and to invest monies paid, in their names, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

shall be reserved and retained by the said company, for their own use, and applied in augmentation of the dividends on their said capital stock; and that the residue of the said surplus shall be set apart, and from time to time paid by the said company, into the bank of England, within the first week in April in each year, to be there placed to the account of the of appointed by an act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for vefing certain fans in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to he by them applied in the reduction of the national debt, until the monies so paid, together with the sums arising by the growing interest thereof, shall have amounted to twelve millions of pounds Sterling; and that, from and after Such payments, together with the money so arising by the Said growing interest, shall have amounted to the said sum of twelve millions of pounds sterling, the said Surplus shall be from time to time paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there placed to the account of the consolidated fund, as the property of the publick in full right.

CXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the debts of the said company in India, after the same shall have been reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds sterling, shall be again increased beyond that amount, or if their bond debt in Great Britain, after the same shall have been reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, shall be again increased beyond that sum, then, and so often as either of those cases shall happen, the like appropriations as are herein-before di-rested or authorised to be made for the reduction of the Said present debts shall again take place and be made for the reduction of the said new debts respectively, until the whole of the debts of the said company in India shall be again reduced to two crores of current rupees, and their bond debt in Great Britan to one million five hundred thousand pounds; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor and company of the bank of England shall raise and keep an account with the Said of in their books, to be intituled The Account of the Guara?itec Fund of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tbJ*East Indies, and that as well all Such monies as shall be So paid by the Said united company to the Said governor and company by virtue of this act, as also the annual dividends or interest to arise therefrom, in manner by this act provided, shall be placed to the said account, and shall be Severally and respectively, under the order and direction of the Said governor and company of the bank of England, laid out and inverted in the names of the Said of, in the purchase of capital Hock in any of the redeemable publick annuities transferable at the bank of England, the Same to be transferred to the said of, on account of the said guarantee fund, in the-books of the said governor and company of the bank of England; and that the dividends payable thereon shall from time to time be received

bJ

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.' I77

by the said governor and company of the bank of, and

be placed to the account of the said of.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and after the When the ca-

monies paid by the said united company to the said governor and of

company of the bank, together with the monies received for divi- the commis_

dends on the capital {rock of annuities purchased therewith, and sioners shall

with the proceeds thereof, shall have amounted to twelve millions amount to

of pounds fterliner, the dividends of the said capital stock of an- i oo, ooool.

o*' *the dividends

nuities shall, in preference to any other disposition thereof, be sub- liable to make

je£l and liable to make good to the said united company, for and good any de-

during all such time as they shall continue to trade with a joint ficency in the

dock, any deficiency or deficiencies in their own funds applicable dividends on*j j 1 r the company s

to the payment of the said dividend of ten pounds per centum per stock. 1 1

annum on the capital stock of the said united company, if any such deficiency shall happen in such payment or payments; and that when there shall be no such deficiency, or, being such, after the same shall be made good out of the said dividends, such dividends, or the surplus thereof, shall be deemed to be the property of the publick, and shall be paid, when and as often as the same shall arise, by the said governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of the exchequer, and be there carried to the account of the consolidated fund.

CXVh And be it further enacted, That the capital stock of an- and the said nuities wherein, or in the purchase whereof, the said sum of to^b^a^00^ twelve millions of pounds sterling shall be invested, pursuant to r°ntge fund'of the directions of this act, shall be deemed and considered as agua- of thecom-rantee fund for the better securing to the said united company Pony's flock, their said capital stock, or the value thereof, such value being al- &c* ways computed for that purpose after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such capital stock; and that if, at the time of the right and title of the said united company to the said whole, foie, and exclusive trade (limited as aforesaid) becoming determined, their own funds and assets, real and personal, shall be insufficient to pay and satisfy all their just debts, and to make good to the said company their said capital stock, or the value thereof, computing the same after the said rate of two hundred pounds, for every one hundred pounds of the said flock, that then the said capital stock of annuities, or guarantee fund, shall be deemed and considered, as >far as the same shall or may extend for that purpose, to be in the first place, and before any other application thereof, subject and liable to make good to the said company, and their creditors, the deficcncy so arising in their own funds and effects for the purpose aforesaid; and that the said capital stock of annuities, or the surplus thereof, after making good such deficiency (if any such there shall be), shall remain and continue as a guarantee fund for the better securing the capital stock of the said united company, or the value thereof, rating the same as aforesaid, after such determination of their whole, foie, and exclusive trade, for so long time as they shall continue to trade with a joint stock, and subject thereto; and after making good all such deficiencies, that the said ca-Vol. XXXIX. N pital

Bank to lay before parliament an account of mo, ncy paid by the united company on account of the said of.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

pital flock of annuities, or so much thereof as shall then remain* shall be and be deemed the property of the-publick.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after any money shall be paid by the said united company to the said governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of this act, an account shall be made to the last day of January in every year, by the governor and company of the bank of England, of all sums which shall have been paid to them by the said united company, or carried into their books on account of the said of, under or by virtue of this act, and also of all sums of capital stock of annuities, which in pursuance hereof shall have been purchased in the names of the said of, with the interest accruing thereupon, and of the application of the same respectively; which account the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required to lay before both houses of parliament, on or before the fifteenth day of February immediately foilwing, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if parliament shall not then be flitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the security or securities given or hereafter to be given, by the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the due performance of their trust, in pursuance of a clause for that purpose contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, shall extend and be deemed in law to extend to their due performance of the trust by this aeft reposed in the said cashier or cashiers respectively.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such reasonable allowances shall be made to the said governor and company of the bank of England\ and their cashier or cashiers, in respect of their Cervices, labour, and expences in the performance of the trusts hereby reposed in them, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall in that behalf direct, the same to be paid or retained out of the annual dividends or proceeds of the capital stock of annuities to be purchased under the authority of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said united company and their successors shall, and they are hereby directed and the^xchequer reclu^red to pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and and the bank, into the bank of England, the several and respective sums of mo-the same may ney by this act directed to be paid by them, at or within the times, and in the manner and form aforesaid, and according to the true intent and meaning of this add; and if the said united company or their successors shall make failure in any payment hereby appointed to be made by them into the said receipt of the exchequer, or into the bank of England, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof, that then and in any such case the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered from the said united company and their successors, to his Majesty's use, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or infor-a mation

Securities given by cashiers to extend to this a ft.

Allowance to be made the bank for their services.

On failure of payment of monies into

be recovered with damages in any court of record at Westminster*

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 179

/nation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein nb essoin, protection, or wager of, law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or, information, it shall be lawful to declare that the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies are indebted to his Majesty in the monies of which they shall hate made default in payment, according to the form of this act, and have not paid the same, which declaration shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, plaint, or information, there shall be further recovered for his Majesty's use, against the said company and their successors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the respective monies so unpaid contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company and theii: successors, and all their stock and funds, and all other their real and personal property and estate, lands and tenements.

Whatever and wherever, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of the said monies and damages, with the full costs of suit.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said united com- Certificates of pany and their successors shall, upon payment of the several sums by this act directed to be made into the receipt of his Majesty's chequer and exchequer, and into the bank of England respectively, be fully ex- bank to be onerated, acquitted, and discharged, as against his Majesty, his heirs given the and successors, from all writs, adftions, suits, damages, and pro- company, ceedings, for or on account of the respective sums which shall be fd paid by the said company; and in order that no difficulty or dispute may arise in respect thereof, a certificate shall be made, without fee or reward, for the ascertaining the amount of every distinct sum by the said company paid into the receipt of the exchequer and into the bank of England respectively, by virtue of this add, at the time of the payment thereof, specifying the amount of the sum or Turns so paid, and the day of payment of the same; which certificate, in tefpedi of monies paid into the receipt of the exchequer, shall be signed by the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, the clerk of the pells, and one of the teliers, or in their absence by their respective deputies attending at the said receipt; and for monies paid into the bank of England, such certificate shall be signed by one of the chief cashiers of the said bank of England severally and respectively, at the time of payment of such money; and the several certificates so signed shall be delivered to the said company, or their chief treasurer or caftiier, and shall be good and sufficient evidence in law as against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the payment of the sum or sums therein expressed and specified.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if On repref n-the making payment of any sum or sums into the receipt of the ^he exchequer, or into the bank of England, respectively, at or within Gf inccmve the time or times appointed by this act for that purpose, will be nience, the -attended with material inconvenience or1 embarrassment to the treasury nr*v affairs of the said company, then and in every such case the court "

of directors of the said company shall and are hereby required to njes into t'T. represent the same, and the circumstances thereof, to the high exchequer- o,

N 2 trea- bank*

i8o

If by war the proceeds shall tall short of paying 500 ooool. per

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, who shall forthwith examine into and consider of such representation; and thereupon it shall and rftay be lawful for the said high treasurer or of of the treasury, if he or they shall see cause, to postpone or suspend the payment of the sum or sums so accruing or accrued due as aforesaid, for such reasonable time, and upon such terms and conditions, as to him or them shall appear reasonable and expedient, and that the payment of the said sum or sums shall accordingly be postponed or suspended, and no penalty or damages shall be incurred or incurrable in the mean time by reason of the non-payment thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that there be laid before both houses parliament, within fourteen days after the making such order, if parliament shall be then fitting, or otherwise within the first fourteen fitting days of the then next session of parliament, a copy of the said order, and of the representation of the said court of directors, whereon the same shall have been granted.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that, by any extraordinary expences incurred in time of war or preparations for war, or from circumstances incidental to war, the aforesaid net proceeds shall fall short (after

publick, the deficiency shall not be

the accumulation of the guarantee fund, occ.

6 Payment or provision made for the said dividend of ten pounds P per centum, and the said five hundred thousand pounds per annum

for the reduction of the said debt in India) of making payment made good so to the exchequer of the said five hundred thousand pounds per as to impede annum for the use of the publick, then, and so often as the same shall happen, the deficiency or deficiencies in the said Iaft- payments shall not be made good out the surplus of any future year or years, to impede the accumulation of the said guarantee fund, not exceeding twelve millions of pounds payable into the exchequer, but that the amount of all deficiencies so happening and occasioned shall be deemed as a debt, to be made good to the publick upon the determination of the exclusive trade of the said company, in the event only of their general afsets, con-lifting of monies in their treasuries, securities for money, ships, goods, wares, and merchandize, and other their live and dead flock, producing or amounting in value to more than sufficient for the payment of all the just debts of the said company, and of making good to the said company the value of their capital stock, rated at two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such flock; but that after payment or provision made for the said debts and capita] flock as aforesaid, the surplus or excess of the said general assets shall be applied in the making good the amount of the said deficiencies as far as the same will extend, in preference to any other application thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act not to af-

CXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the

sect the rights appropriation made by this act of the clear profits of the said ter-of the com- ritorial acquisitions and revenues in India, shall not extend, or be

pany or the construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the rights of the pub-

putiick rc- w, Jick,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 181

lick, or of the said united company, respecting the said territorial specting the acquisitions and revenues, beyond the further term by this act territorial granted to the said united company, under the limitations thereof, anTrevenues in the foie and exclusive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid. beyond the CXXIV. And whereas, by an account heretofore made up by the further term said company, of the profits of their trade and revenues, to the first granted. day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there remained\ after payment of a sum of four hundred thousand pounds to the publick, in pursuance of an agreement for that purpose^ the principal sum of two hundred and eighty-eight thousand and twenty-five pounds seventeen shillings and ten-pnce, which said sum the said company were, by a clause contained in the said in part recited all of the twenty-fir/l year of his Majesty's reign, authorised to apply in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the capital stock of the said company, in the mode specified in the said act: and whereas the said company have not as yet made any dividend of the said principal fu?ny but have kept the famey or the greater part thereof employed in their, trading capital, suffering the interefi to accumulate thereon, the said principal and inter efi forming a dislintt article in the annual cash accounts of the said company, under the head of The Company's Separate Fund, and amounting, on the firs day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the sum of four hundred sixty-seven thousand eight hundred and ninety-six pounds seven shillings and four-pence, over and above nine thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds capital stock of the said company, also part of the said separate fund: and whereas, under the present circumstances of the said company, their true and permanent intere/ls will be better fe cured and advanced by limiting the distribution of the said separate fund, in the manner herein after specified, than by suddenly calling the whole, or any large proportion thereof fro?n their said trading capital: be it enacted, That the said separate fund, or the monies constituting Application the same, Hiall continue in the hands of the said company bearing of the com-interest, and be employed in their trade, subject to the payment pany'slepa-of such dividends as are herein after specified; and that the said rate unct* separate fund, with the growing interest thereof, shall and may be divided and distributed in the manner herein after mentioned, and in no other manner whatever, any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say), That after payment shall be made by the said company into his Majesty's exchequer of the two first installments of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds each, which by force and virtue of this adfc will become due from the said company to the publick, on the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninty-four, respectively, or other wise after letting apart a sufficient sum for such payments, it shall and may be lawful for the said company, out of the said separate fund, and the interest or growing income thereof, to make and declare a dividend or dividends after the rate of ten shillings per centum per annum, on the present or any future amount of their capital stock, which said dividend or dividends shall and may be paid and payable to the said company,

No grant of new salaries; c.: c. above loo 1. to be good unless confirmed by the board.

Directors to lay before parliament yearly certain accounts.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

over and above any other dividend or dividends which shall become due in respect thereof; and that after the expiration of the further term hereby granted in the said exclusive trade, it shall and may be lawful for the said company to retain and dispose of what shall then remain of the said separate fund, or of the monies constituting the same, and the interest: or other annual proceeds thereof, in such manner as thejrfiiall then think fit.

CXXV. And whereas^ for protecting the funds of the said company during their further term in the said exclusive trade from being burthened with any improper charges, it is expedient that the said company should be put under reasonable limitations in respect to the granting of penfeens or increasing the salaries of their officers and servantsy or creating new establishments; be it further enacted, That no grant or resolution of the said company, or their court of directors, to be made after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of their right in the said exclusive trade, whereby the said funds may become chargeable with any new salary or increase of salary, or any new or additional establishment of officer^ or servants, or any new pension, or increase of pennon, to any one person, exceeding two hundred pounds per annwny shall be available in law, unless such grant or resolution shall be approved and confirmed by the board of of for the affairs of indiay attested under the hand of the president of the said board.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the court of directors of the said company shall, within the first fourteen fitting days next after the thirtieth day of March in every year, lay before both houses of parliament an account, made up according to the late.fi: advices which shall have been received, and with as much accuracy as the nature of the case will admit, of the annual produce of the revenues of the British territories in India, distinguishing the same under the respective heads thereof at each of their several presidencies or settlements, with the amount of their sales of goods and ffores within the limits of their exclusive trade, and of all their annual disbursements within the said limits, distinguishing the same under the respective heads thereof, together with the latest estimate of the same; and also the amount of their debts abroad, with the rates of interest they respectively carry, and the annual amount of such interest; the state of their effedbs at each presidency or settlement, and in China consisting of cash apd bills in their treasuries, goods and stores, and debts owing to the said company, according to the latest advices which shall have been received thereof; and also a list of their several establishments in India, and other parts within the limits of their exclusive trade, and the friaries and allowances payable by the said company in respect thereof: and also another annual account, made up to the first day of March next preceding the delivery thereof to parliament, containing the amount of the proceeds of the sale of the goods and merchandizes of the said company in Great Britain, and of their commercial and other receipts, charges, and payments in Great Britain, under the several heads thereof, together with an estimate of the same for the current year, and a statement

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 183

of their bond debts and fnnple contract debts, with the rates of interest they respectively carry, and the amount of such interest, and the state of the calli remaining in their treasury, and other effects appertaining to the company in Great Britain, or afloat; and if any new or increased salaries, establishments, or pensions, payable in Great Britain, shall have been granted or created within the preceding year, the particulars thereof shall be specially flated and inserted at the foot of such account.

CXXVII. And whereas, by the said recited act of the twenty -frft Recital of acts year of his Majesty, it was among other things provided that for ?s°

every regiment, belonging to his Majesty, then serving in the East troops in the Indies, for the defence of the territorial possessions there, or any other East Indies* regiment which should be sent for that purpose at the requiftion of, the said company, there should be paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the sum of two lacks of current rupees per annum for every regiment of one thousand men, and in proportion for a greater or smaller number: and whereas, by virtue of certain other acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his Majesty, all expences incurred by his Majesty in the raising, embodying, and conveying to India certain troops serving the re, should be repaid by the said company: and whereas, under the provisions of the said acts, as likewise on the account of navy and victualling expences or otherwise, several sums became due and owing to his Majesty; towards which the said company have paid to the amount of five hundred thousand founds, and a confuderable sum still remains due to his Majesty on that account: and whereas, in consequence of an ex- Claim of the pedition against the Manhilias, in or about the year one thousand seven company on hundred and sixty-two, and in consequence of supporting a number of^Q publick. prisoners, during the war of that period, and supplying hospitals for his Majesty's troops in India, and for the customs on certain teas returned by the buyers in or about the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said company have claimedseveral sums of money to be due and owing to them by his Majesty, amounting together to four hundred and forty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two pounds: and whereas, for the final settling and adjusting of the said several accounts, it hath been agreed, that the sums remaining due from the said company, as well on account of the said navy and victualling expences or other charges, as also on account of the said troops, to be computed to the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be set against the said sum of four hundred and forty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two pounds, so claimed by them as aforesaid; and that his Majesty and the said company shall be reciprocally acquitted and discharged of and from the aforesaid claims and sums respectively: be it therefore further enabled and declared, That the said company shall, and Claim of his they are hereby acquitted, exonerated, and absolutely discharged from all sums of money due and owing by them for and on ac- for^xpenced count of any navy or victualling expences, or of his Majesty's of troops to troops serving in India, computed to the said twenty-fourth day December 24, of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, anc^ claim of^he from all claims and demands of the crown or the publick in re- company on spedt thereof, or on any other account whatever to that period, the publick,

N 4 and discharged*

184 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

and that all accounts between the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces and the said company, and between the commissioners of the navy or of for victualling and the said company respectively, shall be held to have been closed on the said twenty-fourth day December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and that his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be acquitted, released, and discharged of and from the several claims and demands of the said company, in respect of the said sum of four hundred and fprty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-two pounds.

From Dec. 24.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from the said 1792, expences twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and to bere S ninety-twcb sums issued by the said paymaster general of his the Company. Majesty's forces, for and on account of his Majesty's forces serving in India, or for raising and supplying recruits for the same, shall be repaid by the said company; and that the actual expences only which (ince the said twenty-fourth day of Deceniber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been, or which hereafter shall be incurred for the support and maintenance of the said troops, shall be borne and defrayed by the said company; any clause or provision contained in the said recited of the twenty-first year of his Majesty, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIX. And whereas various fatutes have been heretofore made for securing to the said united company their file and exclufve right of trading to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid^ during, the continuance of such foie and exclufve right, and to refrain all illicit and clandefine trade to, in9 and from the East Indies, and parts aforesaid: and whereas the limitations and provisons in this act contained, concerning the future conduct of the said trade, require that same alterations fhoald be made in the said fatutes; and it may be

convenient that such provisons as shall be deemed necessary for fe-

curing to the said company the full benefit of such foie and exclufve right (subject to the prov fons and limitations contained in this act) and for refraining all clandefine and illicit trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, should be reduced into one aft Ships, Sec* of of parliament: be it further enacted, That if any of the subjects unlicensed of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or belonging to Great persons trad- Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney^ Sark, or !imits^ot^the^2 ^an'> or Faro If es^ cr to any of his Majesty's colonies, islands,

East India or plantations in America or the West Indies, other than such as

company, for- by the said united company shall be licensed, or otherwise there-feited, &c. unto lawfully authorised, shall at any time or times, before such determination of the said company's whole and foie trade as i£ herein-before limited, directly or indirectly fail to, visit, haunt, frequent, trade, trafsick, or adventure to, in, or from the said East Indies, or other parts herein-before mentioned, contrary to the limitations and provisions of this act, or the true intent and meaning thereof, all and every such offender or offenders shall incur the forfeiture and loss of all the ships and vessels belonging to or employed by such subjects respectivelyf with the guns,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 185

tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and also all the goods and merchandize laden thereupon, or which were or shall be lent, acquired, tracted, trafficked, or adventured within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, and all the proceeds and effects of such goods and merchandize, and double the value thereof (to wit) one fourth part of such forfeiture to such person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and the other three fourth parts thereof to the use of the said united company, they defraying the reout the charges of prosecution.

CXXX. And, be it further enacted, That all and every sub- Persons going jedfc and subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or be- to the said longing to Great Britain, or the idands, colonies, or plantations aforesaid, or any of them, who shall at any time or times, before <seemed to such determination of the said united company's whole and foie have traded trade as is herein-before limited, go, fail, or repair to4 the said unlawfully. East Indies, or parts aforesaid, against any of the provisions of this a(ff, shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there, and all the ships, goods, and merchandize which shall be employed therein, or found in his or their custody, or in the custody of any other person or persons, by his or their employment, order, or procurement, shall and may be seized, and shall be forfeited, with double the value thereof, one fourth of which forfeiture shall belong to the person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and three fourths thereof shall be to the use of the said united company, they thereout defraying the charges of prosecution.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any subject: or Any unlicenf-subjects, of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or belonging ed persons goto Great Britain, or any of the islands, colonies, or plantations

aforesaid, not being lawfully licensed or authorised, shall at any therein^ liable time or times before such determination of the said company's to fine andim-whole and foie trade, as is herein-before limited, directly or in- prisonment. directly go, fail, or repair to, or be found in the East Indies, or any of the parts aforesaid, all and every such person and persons are hereby declared to be guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor, and being conviiffed thereof shall be liable to such line or imprisonment, or both fine and imprisonment, as the court in which such person or persons shall be convicted shall think fit; and in case of a line, one moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the said united company, if they shall prosecute the said offence, or otherwise such moiety shall he to the use of such person or persons as shall prosecute the same.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That at any time or Such persons times, before such determination of the said company's whole maybearreft-and foie trade as is herein-before limited, it shall and may be £^a^efQrt0 lawful to and for the said company and their successors, by and tl^al^and may through such person or persons as is and are hereafter mentioned, be committed, to take, arreff, and seize, or cause to be taken, arreffect, and seized, at any place or places within the East Indies, or parts, aforesaid, all and every person and persons, being, a subject or subjects

By whom such persons may be arrested, and forfeited vessels, See. feiz td.

e86 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or to any of the islands, colonies, or plantations aforesaid, who shall go, fail, or repair to, or be or be found within the said East Indies or parts aforesaid, against: any of the provisions of this adir, and him or them to remit and fend or bring to England, there to answer for his, her, or their offence according to due course of law; and when such person or persons shall arrive in England, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to commit all and every such person or persons to the next county gaol, there to remain until sufficient security be given, by natural-born subjects or denizens, for the appearance of such person or persons in the court in which he or they shall or may be sued or prosecuted, or shall be under actual prosecution in respect of such his or their offence, and for his or their not going out of court, or out of the kingdom, without the leave of such court.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the powers and authorities hereby given to the said company, of taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any such person or persons as aforesaid, together with the power of seizing any ships, vessels, goods, merchandize, and effects by this act made liable to seizure or forfeiture, shall and may be enforced and put in execution in the name of the said company, by the order and authority of the governor general of Fort JVillia?n in Bengal, or the governor of Fort Saint George, and governor of Bombay for the time being respectively, or by any chief officer of the said company, resident at any other of the British settlements in the East Indies respectively, or by the order and authority of the said company's council of supra cargoes for the time being, at the town or factory of Canton, within the said town or fadlory, and upon the river of Canton, or other part of the coasts of China, and by such other persons as shall be from time to time especially deputed and authorised for that purpose by the court of directors of the said united company for the time being.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That during such time as the said company shall have such whole and foie trade as aforesaid, if any person or persons who shall have been dismissed from, or shall have voluntarily resigned the service of the said company, aforesaid, after or any free merchant, free mariner, or other person whose cove-the time al- nants or agreements with the said company shall be expired' or have ceased, or whose licence to go to, or trafsick, trade, or reside within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, shall have ceased and determined, shall be Of be found in the East Indies, or parts and limits aforesaid, after the expiration of such time as shall be allowed by the respective governments or presidencies in India, wherein such person or persons shall be or be found, every such person and persons shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes whatever, to have unlawfully traded in the said parts and limits contrary to this act, and shall be subject to all the penalties, forfeitures, and provisions of this act, against persons

Person&ffif-mifled, Sec. who shall be found within the limits

lowed, to be deemed to have unlawfully traded.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52, 187

Tons unlawfully going to, or trafficking, tracting, or adventuring, or found in any place within the said parts and limits accordingly.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That as well all and All goods, &c* every the goods, merchandize, treasure, and effects, which shall (except as gt any time or times, before such determination of the said com- ^e^1-eXCe(Ft" pany's whole and foie trade as aforesaid, be shipped or put on Q^eat board any ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, bound from Great Britain to the Britain to the East Indies, or the parts aforesaid (other than and East Indies, or except the goods, merchandize, treasure, and effects of the said taken out of^company, or of other persons lawfully shipping the same, under wa^d^be the limitations and provisions of this act, and according to the forfeited, and true intent and meaning of the same, and except the naval (lores, the officers provisions, and necessaries for such ship or ships to perform their ^er^tC> yoyage), as also all and every the goods, merchandize, treasure nalty, and effects, which shall from and after the time aforesaid be taken9out of any such ship or vessel in her voyage homeward from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, to England., before her arrival there, the same and every of them shall be forfeited, together -with double the value thereof, and shall and may be seized; and the master or commander, or other officers of such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, for the time being, knowingly permitting or suffering any such goods, merchandize, treasure, or effects, to be shipped or put on board any such ship or ships so bound to the East Indies, or to be taken out of any such ship or ships bound from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, to England., shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one thousand pounds, and moreover shall not be entitled to have, demand, or receive any wages whatsoever, nor shall the said company be obliged, or compelled or compellable to pay any wages to, or to the ule or ypon the account of any such master, commander, or officer, for or in respect of the voyage so made or to be made by such master, commander, or officer; but if such ship shall have been taken up by tfye said company by charter party or hire, then the said company shall have an allowance or deduction, in respect- of the said wages, to the full amount thereof, out of the monies payable by them to the owner or owners of the ship to which such master or officer shall belong, for the hire or freight thereof; and every such master or officer, who shall be convicted of such offence, shall be rendered incapable of again acting in the service of the said company in any capacity whatever.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person being Penalty on a subject of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or belonging persons trad-to Great Britain, or any of the islands, colonies, or plantations ing to the East aforfesaid, shall procure, folieit for, obtain, or act under any autho^y from commission, authority, or pass, from any foreign prince, (late, foreign or potentate whatsoever, to fail, go, or trade in or to the said princes.

East Indies, or any of the parts aforesaid, and every such person who shall offend therein shall incur and forfeit for every offence five hundred pounds, one half part of which penalty shall belong to such person or persons as shall inform or sue for the same, and the

in

No governor general. &c. to trade, except on account of the company.

No judge to be concerned in any trade.

No person whatever to be concerned in the inland trade in Salt, See. except with the company's permission.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

the other half to the said united company, and if the said united company shall inform or sue for the same, then the whole of the said penalty shall belong to the said company.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any governor general, or governor, or any member of council of the said presidencies in India, to be concerned in any trade or traffick whatever, except on account of the said company, nor for any collector, supervisor, or other person employed or concerned in the collection of the revenues, or the administration of justice, in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfay or either of them, or their agents or servants, or any person or persons in trust for them or any of them, to carry on or be concerned in or to have any dealings or transactions, by way of traffick or trade, at any place within any of the provinces in India, or other parts, or to buy any goods, and fell the same again, or any part thereof, at the place where he or they bought the same, or at any other place within the same province, or any other such province or country respectively, except on account of the said company; nor shall it be lawful for any of the judges of the supreme court of judicature to be concerned in any trade or traffick whatever; nor shall it be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects in the said provinces to engage, intermeddle, or be in anywise concerned, dire<Sfly or indirectly, in the inland trade in salt.

beetle nut, tobacco, or rice, except on the account of the said company, or with their permission, on pain of forfeiting all such goods or commodities which they, or any of them, shall so buy and sell again, by way of trafsick, or in which any of them shall so trade, and also treble the value thereof, one moiety to the said united company, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the lame.

CXXXVIII. And be it furthe.r enacted, That before such determination of the said united company's foie and whole trade as is herein-before limited, it shall not be lawful for any subject the^ftTndies °^s Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or belonging to Great or China to Britain, or any of the islands, colonies, or plantations aforesaid,

either in his own name or in the name of any other person or persons whatever, to carry on or be concerned, at his or their own risque, or for his or their own benefit, in the fending any

No person to fend the produce or ma-

Europe, but according to this act, on penalty of double the value

kind of goods and merchandizes, the produce or manufacture of the East Indies or China, by the way of Suez, or by any other channel to Europe, otherwise than as is allowed or provided by this act; and if any such subject shall carry on or be concerned in any such trade or traffick on his own account, contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and pay to the said united company double the value of the goods and merchandizes which shall by him or them be lo unlawfully sent to Europe.

CXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said last mentioned restriciion shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to preclude any of the servants of the said united com-to the subjects pany (other than such of them as shall or may be specially pro

but not to extend to the trading and selling goods

of foreign {fates, &c.

hibited by any law- or statute,

or by any order of the said company,

189

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.

pany, or their governments abroad, and other than and in respect of the inland trade in salt, beetle nut, tobacco, and rice), or any free merchants licensed by the said company to reside in India, or other parts within their said limits, from buying any goods in India, and felling the same again in India to the subjects of any foreign nation or Hate, or from adfing as agents or favors in the importing or exporting, buying or selling goods in India, for or on the account bona fide of any foreign company or any foreign merchant $ any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all penalties, forfei- How offences tures, seizures, causes of seizure, crimes, misdemeanors, and against this another offences, which Jshall arise, or be incurred or made under e e- or shall be committed against this act, shall be sued for, prose- J cuted, examined, recovered, and adjudged In any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in one of the mayor's courts at Madras or Bombay respectively, in manner following;

(that is to say) all such pecuniary penalties, and all forfeitures of ships, vessels, merchandize, and goods, shall and may be sued for, condemned, and recovered by action, bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and all such seizures, whether of any person, or of any ships, vessels, merchandizes, and goods, and all causes of such seizure, shall be cognizable in such actions, suits, or prosecutions, as shall bring into question or relate to the lawfulness or regularity of any such seizure, and all such offences as by this act are not made punishable by pecuniary penalties, or by any forfeitures of goods, but by fine or imprisonment, or both, or are hereby created, without providing any particular punishment, shall be prosecuted by indictment or information as misdemeanors, for breach thereof, and shall be punished by fine or imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court in which such prosecution shall by virtue of this act be begun and carried on; and if such prosecution for -a misdemeanor shall be in any of the said courts in the East Indies, and the person or persons prosecuted shall be there cdnvicted, it shall be lawful for such court to order, as part or for the whole of the punishment, any such person or persons to be sent and conveyed to Great Britain.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any action, How actions bill, suit, information, or indictment shall be brought or prose- shall be laid, cuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ for any offence against this act, whether for a penalty, forfeiture, or misdemeanor, the offence shall be laid or alledged to have been committed in the city of London or county of Middlesex, at the option of the informer or prosecutor; afed all actions, bills, suits, informations, and indictments for any offence or offences against this act, whether filed, brought, commenced, or prosecuted for a penalty or forfeiture, or for a misdemeanor, in any of his Majesty's courts of record a^ Westminster, or in the said

Limitations actions; and process.

The attorney general may exhibit bills of complaint for discovery of clandestine tracting, See.

Clandestine traders, betides the duties, to pay damages to the company.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. 52. [1793.

supreme court, or any such mayor's court as aforesaid, shall be of brought and prosecuted within six years next after the offence shall be committed, and a capias shall issue in the first process, and in the case of an offence hereby made punishable by any penalty or forfeiture, such capias {half specify the sum of the penalty or forfeiture sued for, and the person or persons sued of prosecuted for such penalty shall, on such capias, give to the person or persons to whom such capias shall be directed, sufficient bail or security, by natural-born subjects or denizens, for. appearing In the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day or return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution, and shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the same court, to answer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties sued for, if he, she, or they shall be convicted of such offence or offences, or to' yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison; but if the prosecution shall be for any offence or offences against this act, punishable only as a misdemeanor, then the person or persons against whom such capias shall issue, being thereupon arrested, shall be imprisofted and bailable according to law, as in other cases of misdemeanor.

CXLII. And, for more effectually preventing all such illegal or clandestine trading or trafficking as is hereby made punishable by the forfeiture of goods or merchandizes; and in respect of the dififi^ culty there may he of ascertaining what goods and merchandizes have been so illegally or clandestinely trafficked with, and the value thereof % and for securing to the crown the duties on the goods so illegally trafficked with, and to the said united company a reparation by way of damages, for such illegal or clandefine tracting; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general for the time being, either at the relation of the said united company, or by his own authority, to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majesty's court of exchequer, against any person or persons tracting, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, in breach of this act, or against any person or persons concerned as agent, factor, or copartner, with such illegal traders, for discovery of such tracting, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, and for recovery of such duties to the crown, and such damages to the said united company, as herein after are mentioned, so that every such bill contain a waiver or disclaimer of all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by any such person or persons, for the matters contained in such bill; and such person and persons shall answer the said bill or bills, and shall not plead or demur to the discovery thereby fought, and shall pay to his Majesty the customs and duties of the goods and merchandize arising, produced, or purchased, by the said unlawful trade, trafsick, or adventuring, and shall also, as a reparation to the said company in damages, answer and pay to the said company, for the same goods and merchandize, after the rate of thirty pounds per centum, according to the value thereof in England; and if such offender or offenders, shall pay the said duties and

customs,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.' 191

customs, or the amount thereof, into his Majesty's exchequer for the use of hfs Majesty, and the said damages to the said company, he or they shall not be prosecuted upon any other branch or provision of this act, for the same offence; and if such bill or Payment of bills shall be exhibited at the relation of the said company, and costs. shall be dismissed by the said court of exchequer, in favour of any defendant or defendants, the said company shall pay to all and every such defendant and defendants his and their costs of suit; but if a decree shall be obtained against the defendant or defendants, he or they shall pay costs to his Majesty and the relators respectively.

CXLfll. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Ifthedirectors before any suit or prosecution shall be commenced for the re- elect hd, s of covery of any penalty or penalties, or forfeiture or forfeitures, fQ^ne^s^f of" under this act, by his Majesty's attorney general, or the said fences to have united company, any common informer or informers shall go to a third of the the court of directors of the said united company, and make single value of known to them the offence committed, and instead thereof the^concern, said court of directors shall elect to have the suit or prosecution brought or commenced by bill or bills of complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majesty's court of chancery or of exchequer at Westminster, then and in every such case there shall be yielded and paid to such common informer or informers one third part of the single value of the said interest and concern when recovered; but if the said court of directors shall elect to have the suit or prosecution commenced for the penalties or forfeitures by information or action at law, then the said informer or informers shall and may accordingly sue for the same at law, and the said information or action shall be proceeded upon, and shall not be discontinued or determined except with the consent of the said united company, or their court of directors.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said united If the corn-company shall first inform, sue, and prosecute for any penalty or forfeiture for any of the offences against this act, then the part, potion oUhe share, and proportion of the penalties and forfeitures, otherwise penalties to given or appointed by this act to any other person or persons who devolve on the shall sue or inform for the same, shall devolve upon and be to the ^h^not use of the said united company, although such information, suit, faedtoHn the or prosecution be commenced by the said united company after limited time, lapse of the time limited by law for the suit, prosecution, or information of the common informer.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if, before such de- If actions be termination of the said united company's whole and foie trade, as |jawful^ is herein-before limited, any suit or action shall be brought ^efting of per-commenced against the said united company, or any of their fer- fons found in vants, or any persons acting by their authority, for the recovery the Eastindies, of any costs or damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, feiz- &c-the de-ing, imprisoning, fending, or bringing to England, of any per- p^ad^liege-son or persons found in the East Indies, or other parts aforesaid, nera] issue. within the limits of the said united company's exclusive trade, or as not being authorised to reside or traffick there, the defendant

or

*92 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

or defendants to such suit or action may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence, Proof to lie on and the proof shall lie on the plaintiff* or plaintiffs, upon the the plaintiff, trial of the issue, to fhevv that at the time or times ofarreffing or seizing such person or persons respectively for the causes 'aforesaid, in the manner in which such arresting or seizing shall be laid or charged to have been done, in or by the declaration or declarations in such suits or actions, the person or persons so arrested was or were in the military or marine-service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or was or were under covenant to serve the said company in India, or was or v/ere duly possessed of a licence or licences in writing, authorising him or them to go to or reffde and traffick in India, or other the parts aforesaid, or that the person or persons, not being in his Majesty's service, -was or were, at the time or times of his or their being so seized or arrested, entitled or authorised, by the stipulation of such covenants or licences respectively, to remain and continue in Indiaj or other the parts aforesaid, and in failure of such proof the plaintiff* or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; and in such case, or in any other case wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or wherein judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdict shall pass Plaintifftopay for the defendant or defendants, he or they shall have treble costs treble costs. awarded to be paid by the respective plaintiff* or plaintiffs in such suit or action; any law, statute, or provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

So much of9CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act & ioCul. 3. made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William c. 44. as hi- the Third, intituled, (An act for raising a sum not exceeding two for Ulegahv^ millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight trading to the pounds per centum per annum, and for settling the trade to the East Indies; East Indies), as indicts any penalty or forfeiture for visiting, haunting, frequenting, tracting, trafficking, or adventuring: in, to, or from the East Indies, or other the parts before mentioned, contrary to the true meaning of the said act; and the whole of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King George the 5 Geo. 1. c. 21. Firff, intituled, (An act for the better securing the lawful trade of his Majestfs subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectually preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither, under So much of foreign commissions); and so much of any act or acts as con-any acts as tinues the said act of the fifth of King George the Firff; and so continues much of an act of the seventh year of King George the Firff, in-and^ Geo. ^s' ^tL^ecb °.ft for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects

1.relates from trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions^ and for to punishment encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto, and for of persons ij- further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ife fl/'Thanet), to^the^East as re^ates to ptmishment or prosecution of persons for failing, Indies*going, or repairing to, or tracting, trafficking, or adventuring

in, to, or from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, to the prejudice of the said united company, contrary to the laws then in being* or to the said act 5 and the whole of an act made in the

ninth

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 199

ninth year of King George the First, intituled, (An act to prevent 9 Geo. 1. c. j6. his Majestf s subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging'or promoting any subscription for an East India company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty' s subjects to and from the East Indies); and so much of an act made in the third year of King George the Second, fa'much of intituled, (An act for reducing the annuity or fund of the united c'1*

East India company, and for ascertaining their right of trade to the East Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpose, upon the terms therein mentioned); and so much of an act made in the seventeenth year of King George the Second, in- of 17 Geo. 2. tituled, (An act for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder c£e"

of the^ monies arisen or to arise by the duties on spirituous liquors, nally^tiT granted by an act of the laf fijfon of parliament^ and for explain- reference to ing and amending the said act in relation to the retailers of fuel) li- 7 Geo. i. c. 2l. quorsy and for establishing an agreement with the united company of^n\ luing, &c* merchants of England trading to the East Indies), as respectively 01 le ame* creates any penalty or forfeiture, with a reference to the said act of the seventh of King George the First, for the mode of suing, distributing and recovering the same; and so much of an act f0 much of made in the tenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act io Geo. 5.c 47* for better regulating persons employed in the service of the East India company, and for other purposes therein mentionedas subjects any in persons concerned in the illicit trade to, in, or from the Fajfl ]?aft indies to Indies therein recited, or in any trade thereby made punishable, penalty; to any penalty Or penalties; and also so much of an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act for f> much of establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs3 ^-ovVdesfor of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe), as pro- delivery of or vides for the delivery of any letters or advices to the principal advices, to the secretaries of state, or as makes it unlawful for any governor secretaries of general, or any of the council of the presidency of Fort Willianl in Bengal, or any chief justice, or any of the judges of the supreme court of judicature, at Fort William aforesaid, to be concerned in any dealings or transactions by way of trastick or commerce, and as makes it unlawful for any collector, supervisor, or any other of his Majesty's subjects employed or concerned in the collection of the revenues or the administration of justice in the provinces of Bengal, Bahary and Oriffdy or their agents or servants, or any persons in trust for them, to buy any goods of commodities by way of trade in those provinces, and to fell again within the same provinces, and as makes it unlawful for any of his Majesty's subjects in the said provinces to be concerned in the inland trade in salt, beetle nut, tobacco, or rice, except as therein mentioned, and as makes it unlawful for persons dil miffed from or resigning the service of the said company, or for any free merchant, free mariner, or other person, whole covenants or agreements with the said company shall be expired, to be concerned in any trade or commerce in the Faf Indies, other tW* for the dispolal of his or their.stock in w-unout the licence

of the said company, or such governor genetal and council, or

194

the lending money to foreign companies, See.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1799.

president and council, as therein are mentioned; and so much of so much of the aforesaid act made in the twenty-first year of his present Ma-ai Geo. ^.c (ij. jesty as prohibits any of the servants of the said company, or as prohibits other British subjects in India, from lending money to any foreign company or foreign European merchants, or to purchase goods in India for and on account of any such companies or merchants, or from being concerned in lending money or purchasing goods to furnish any such companies or merchants, with the credit of such bills of exchange as are described in the said act, or as makes provision, by penalty or forfeiture, or otherwise, for securing the foie and exclusive trade of the said united company, in, to, and from the East Indies and parts aforesaid, subject as therein is mentioned, or as prohibits the court of directors of the said company from putting a flop to any suit or suits, or to remit or mitigate the penalty, damages, or satisfaction, fought to be recovered thereby before a final judgement or decree obtained in such suit or suits; and also an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, (An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and the British possessions in India, and for efablifhng a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of perfo?is accused of offences committed in the East Indies), lave and except so much and such parts of the last mentioned act as relate to the debts of the nabob of Arcot or the rajah of Tanjore, or as provides for the redress of injuries and wrongs to any rajahs, zemindars, poly-gars, talookdars, and other native landholders within the British territories in India, and except so much and such parts of the same act as are now in farce for providing for, or which relate to or concern the new court of judicature by the said act established for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons so accused of offences committed in the East Indies, or any proceedings had or to be had by or under the authority of the said court, and not by this act varied or altered, and also except such parts of the said act as provides for the repeal of any former act or acts; a6 Geo. 3. c.i6. and also an act made in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's except so much reign, intituled An act to explain and amend certain provisions of as repeals ioi - an ma(le 'tn twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respe fling the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, except so much thereof as repeals any former act or acts; and also so much of an act made in the same twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for the further regula-

iuOeo.^.fef a. c. 2<; except such parts as relate to the debts of the nabob of Arcot, See.

as 1 fner acts

and so much of 26 Geo. 3.

c. 57. as makes tion of the trial of persons accused of certain offences committed agamfi; the Eff Indies, and for other the purposes in the title of the said act mentioned, as makes offences against any law for securing such exclusive trade as aforesaid to the said united company, and all forfeitures and penalties for illicitly trading or for being-in the East Indies, prosecutable, or makes any seizure of any ship able in the East or goods within the limits of the said exclusive trade cognizable Indies, re- In the fu^reme court of judicature at Fort JVilli am in Bengal, or in the respective mayor's courts ot Fort Saint George and Bombay, or as relates to persons whose licences to go to or trade or reside u within

law far securing the exclusive trade of the company,

See. enforce-

pealed*

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52, 195

within the limits of the said exclusive trade shall have ceased arrd determined, or who shall have been dismissed from or have resigned the said company's* service, or as relates to or as makes the powers of arresting, seizing, remitting, or fending to England, any person or persons in the East Indies, or limits aforesaid, or for seizing any ships or goods liable to seizure by the said company, enforceable and executable by the governor general and council of Fort William in Bengal, or the presidents and councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, or the other person and persons therein mentioned, shall be and are and is hereby repealed and made void.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared,

That the aforesaid repeal shall not extend to any offence com- fences committed against any of the statutes hereby wholly or in part re- mitted before pealed, or matter or thing lawfully done in Great Britain respect parting this ti vely, by virtue of any of the same statutes, before the passing of this act, nor to any offence committed or to be committed in the East Indies against any of such statutes, or matter or thing lawfully done or to be done there, by virtue of any of the same statutes respectively, before the commencement of this act in India; but that all and every such offences shall and may be prosecuted, and all and every such matter and thing shall be held to be of the same force, validity andeffedt respectively, as if this act had not been made 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and de- nor to affect dared, That the-

continue, abrid

e laid repeal shall not extend to take away, dif- the powers ^e, or affect any of the powers or authorities p)-efent°boird

- ! /T* /-V1 M

vested by any act or acts in the present board of comm i Hioners till a new for the affairs of India, until his Majesty shall have granted a board be ap-new commission, or letters patent, for constituting a new board pointed*of of for the affairs of India, under the authority of this act; but that the said powers and authorities shall and may be exercised by the said present board of of, until 1

such new commission or letters patent shall be issued, in as large and ample manner and form as the same might have been exercised if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, nor to atfedt That the said repeal shall not extend to abridge, vary, or affect the powers any of the powers given by, or declared to be veiled in, the^c g board of of for the affairs of India, by two several and 31 Geo. * > acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his Ma- c. 10. concern-jetty's reign respectively, concerning the expences incurred or hig expences to be incurred in raising, transporting, and maintaining certain ^efi^the of his Majesty's forces in the said acts mentioned, for the fecu- indies, rity of the said territories and possessions in India, in addition to the forces then there, but that the several powers and authorities by the said two several acts, or either of them, given to, or declared to be vested in the said board of of, shall and may be exercised by the board of of for the affairs of

O ?. India,

196

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

Acts repealed not to bar actions.

0114 w'vvmimw vv*'v'^a* 52* r1793-

India, to be appointed by virtue of this act, in as large and ample manner and form as if the same were repeated and re-enacted, or vested in the said board of of, by express words in and by this act 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL. And, for obviating any doubts which might otherwise arise how far any of his Majesty's subjects may, mtwithstanding the aforesaid repeal of the said several acts or parts of acts, be entitled to recover any debts due to them in Great Britain, or in parts beyond the /easy or otherwise to enforce the execution of anyA contracts or agreements, by reason of any pretext, to be set up by any other person or persons, that such debts were contracted, or that such contrasts or agreements were made, contrary to the restrictions or prohibitions in the said aSts, or some of them, cgntained, be it further enacted, That it shall not be competent or lawful to or for any defendant or defendants in any suit or action now depending, or hereafter to be brought in any court either in Great Britain or in the East Indies, to plead or set up any act or acts, in the whole or in part repealed by this act, in bar of any such suit-or action, or of any ^judgement or recovery to be obtained therein, but that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in all and every such suits or actions, as well in law as in equity, shall have the same remedy to recover, and be entitled to the like judgement, verdict, decree, and execution as if the said acts or parts of acts so repealed had never been made; any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLI. And whereas the governor general and the other members of the fuprctne council of Fort William in Bengal, and the chief justice and other justices of the supreme court of judicature at Fort William of or esaid, are at present the only persons author fed by daw to a St as justices of the peace within and throughout the provinces, districts, and countries of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa; and the governor or prefuknt, and the other members of the council of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel and the governor or president, and the other members of the council of Bombay, are the Only persons author fed by law to a Si as justices of the peace in a?id for the proficiency of Fort Saint George, and the presidency, if and, town, and faSlory of Bombay, and the places belonging and subor-dinate to the said two last mentioned presidencies, respectively: and whereas, for preserving and maintaining the peace in the said provinces and presidencies aforesaid, and the places subordinate thereto, it is expedient that a further number of persons should be appointed to a SI as justices of the peace in and for the same respectively: be it Power given to therefore further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for for the governor general in council of Fort William in Bengal for coundloffort t'ie t'mc being, by commissions to be from time to time issued William, Wc. under the seal of the supreme court of judicature there, in the to appoint name of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, terted in

indices of the the name Of the chief justice of the said court (which said corn-peace. mi {lions the said supreme court of judicature is hereby authorised and required from time to time, by any order or warrant from the said governor general in council, to issue accordingly) to

nominate

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 197

nominate and appoint such and so many of the covenacted servants of the said company, or other British inhabitants, as the said governor general in council shall think properly qualified, to abl as junices of the peace within and for the said provinces and presidencies, and places thereto subordinate respectively, and such persons shall, according to the tenor of the respective commissions wherein they shall be so nominated and appointed, and by virtue thereof, and of this act, have full power and authority to act as justices of the peace, according to the tenor of the same

commissions, wherein they shall be respectively named in and for the provinces and presidencies q fore said, and places subordinate thereto respectively; and the said supreme court, upon any requisition in writing from the said governor general in council, shall and may from time to time supercede such commissions, and upon like requisition issue new commissions for the purposes aforesaid, unto the same or such other of the covenacted servants of the said company, or other British inhabitants, as shall from time to time be so nominated by the said governor general in council in that behalf, all which commissions shall be filed of record in the respective courts of oyer and terminer of the province, presidency, or place wherein and for which the same shall be issued as aforesaid: provided always, that the persons who Such justices shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall not be not to in capable of holding any court of oyer and terminer and gaol dc- ^effiermineri, livery, nor to fit in any such court, unless the justices of the said unless called court shall, on any particular occasion, call upon them so to do, upon, in which case, and lo often as the same shall happen, the persons so called upon shall and may for that time associate with them, and fit as justices of the said court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery by virtue of this act, and have a deliberative voice, being first specially authorised for that purpose by order in council.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No persons ca-person to be nominated and appointed in and by any such com- pable of acting million as aforesaid shall be capable of abling as a justice of the th/peace*till* peace in any of the said provinces or presidencies, until he shall they have have taken and subscribed in the court of oyer and terminer of taken the re-the province or presidency for which he shall be appointed to act cluilite oaths, as a justice of the peace, the like oaths as are appointed to be taken by justices of the peace in Great Britain, or as nearly to the tenor thereof as the case will admit, and as shall be approved by the said court; the oath of qualification prescribed by an abl of the eighteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed i8 Geo. ^. c.ao. in the fifth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for the qualification of justices of the peace, only and always excepted.

CLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and de- Proceedings of

dared, That all convictions, judgements, orders, and other pro- the peace^may

ceedings, which shall be had, made, or pronounced by or before be removed by any justice or justices of the peace within any of the Briti/Jj set- certiorari into

dements or territories in India, out of the court of oyer and ter- the com} ot

q over and ter-

miner

miner,

198 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

miner within and for the same, shall and may be removeable, by writ of certiorari, into the court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of and for the same presidency, at the instance of any of the parties thereby affedfed or aggrieved, at any time within the space of six calendar months next after the making or pronouncing thereof respectively; and for that purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the justices of the said court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and such justice or justices is and are hereby required, at the instance of such party or parties, to grant his fiat or warrant to the keeper of the rolls of the peace, or other proper officer, to award a writ o{certiorari under the seal of the supreme court of judicature, when the mat-, ter shall a rife in Bengal, Bahar, or Orijfa., or, if it shall arise in the presidency of Fort Saint George, or in the presidency of Bombay, or in any settlement or place subordinate thereto reflectively, then under the seal of the mayor's court of the presidency wherein the matter shall so arise, or to which the cognizance thereof shall belong, for the removal and bringing of such conviction, judgement, order, or other proceeding, into the said court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery; and that the said court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery shall have full power and authority to hear and determine the matter of such conviction, judgement, order, and other proceeding so removed, and to quash or affirm the same, so that the same be not quashed for want of form, but on the merits only, and to pronounce judgement thereon, in the like manner as the court of king's bench at West-rninster can or may do upon convictions, judgements, orders, or other proceedings had or made by or before any justices of the peace, or court of quarter sessions in England, removed or brought into the said court of king's bench by writ of certiorari.

CLiy. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That before the granting of any such writ the like recognizances shall be entered into, and the party or parties applying for such writ shall be put under the same terms and conditions, in all respects, as are by law directed and provided in the cases of writs of certiorari awarded or granted for the removal of any conviction, judgement, order, or other proceeding, had or made by or before any justice or justices of the peace in England, into the said court of king's bench, or as by the usage and practice of the same court hath been accustomed.

Justices of the CLVh And be it -'further enacted, That it shall and may be peace may lit lawful for the governor general in council of Fort William, or of the preftCl ti^e governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, by any order to dency toVcar he made in their councils reflectively, to call any of the justices appeals. of the peace authorised in and by any such commission or conn millions as aforesaid, to fit and afibciate with the said governor general in council, or governor in council, for the more speedy hearing and determining of causes appealed; and that the said justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, when so called upon, to act as justices in the court of appeals accordingly, and to have and use deliberative voice in all proceedings upon such appeals,

Before granting writs of certiorari, recognizance to be entered into.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 199

CLVI. And whereas, by the charter of justice under the great Charter of feed of Great Britain, hearing date the twenty sixth day of March, in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for establishing 1774> recited. the supreme court of judicature of Fort William in Bengal, his Majesty did grant, ordain, establish, and appoint, that the J'aid supreme court of judicature should be a court of admiralty, with power and authority to esquire, hear, fry, examine, r/W determine, by the oaths of British JiibjeCis, all treasons, mureters, piracies, robberies, felonies, maimings, forestallings, extortions, trespasses, misdemeanors, offences, excesses, r?; /r/ enormities, r/W maritime cauj'cs whatsoever, tfo cording to the laws and customs of the admiralty of England, done^ perpetrated, or committed upon the high seas, rivers, /wr/y, creeks, harbours, and places overflown, within the ebbing and flowing of the sea and high water mark, within, about^ and throughout the provinces, countries, or districts of Bengal, Bahar, Orista, the territories or islands adjacent thereto and dependant thereon; the cognizance whereof doth belong to the jurisdiction of the admiralty, <75* the same is used and exercised in that part of Great Britain called England: whereas doubts have arisen how far the jur if diction

of the said supreme courts in criminal mattery, /y limitied by the J'aid charter to offences committed on the coasts of Bengal, Bahar,

Oriffa, territories or ifands respectively, within the ebbing and flowing of the sea and high water mark: and inasmuch as it is ejfcnti-ally necessary that the admiralty jurijeliflion of the J'aid supreme court of judicature should extend to crimes and offences committed on the high seas at large: be it further enacted and declared, That the Power given power and authority of the said court, granted to them by the ^£^0 the said charter of justice, shall extend and be extended to the high supreme court seas, and that the said court shall, by force and virtue of this act, of judicature, have full power and authority to esquire, hear, try, examine, to extend to and determine, by the oaths of honest and lawful men, being the ieas* British subjects, resident in the town of Calcutta, all treasons, mureters, piracies, robberies, felonies, maimings, forestallings, extortions, trespasses, mi (demeanors, offences, excelfes, and enormities, and maritime causes whatsoever, according to the laws and customs of the admiralty of England, done, perpetrated, or committed upon any of the high seas, and to fine, imprison, correct, punish, chastise, and reform parties guilty, and violators of the laws, in like and in as ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as the said court might or could do if the same were done, perpetrated, or committed within the limits prescribed by the said charter of justice, and not other wise, or in any other manner.

CL VIf. And whereas it is expedient that coroners should be appointed for the settlements in India, for taking inquests upon view of the bodies of persons coming, or J'upposed to have come to an untimely end: be it enacted, That the governor general in council at Prdidencies Fort William, and the governors in council at Fort Saint George who

and Bombay, within their several presidencies and governments mav excJcjfe respectively, shall have full power and authority, by orders in the Yamepow-council, from time to time to nominate and appoint so many ers as eoro-

O 4 coroners, Ens*

2CO

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. f 179g.

coroners, being British^ Ribjests, as they shall respectively think fit, or as shall be limited by the court of directors of the said company, and by like orders to supersede and remove the persons so appointed, as occasion may appear to require; and that the persons so nominated, and taking and subscribing, before one of the judges of the supreme court of judicature, or one of the mayor's courts, the like oaths as are directed to be taken by the coroners of counties in England\ shall and may, by force of this act, have, do, execute, perform, and exercise the like powers* authorities, and jurisdictions, within the presidency or settlement for which they shall be so respectively nominated and appointed, as by law may be had, done, executed, performed, or exercised by coroners elected for any county or place in England, and not otherwise, or in any other manner; and that such coroners shall have and be entitled unto such reasonable fees and allowances, for the performance of the duty of their said office, as shall be limited or prescribed by the said respective governments in that behalf.

CLVIII. And whereas, by an act of the first year of the reign 3 Geo. 1. c. 52. of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making the laws for repairing the highways more effectual, provision ivas made for authorizing justices of the peace in cities and market towns, at their general or quarter sessions, to appoint scavengers for cleansing and repairing the streets of the fanny and to raise money by assessments upon the inhabitants for defraying the expences ? Geo. 3. c. 41. thereof: and whereas, by an act pafed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to amend and reduce into one act the statutes for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways, it was enacted, that the said recited act of the first year of King George the First should be repealed: and whereas, it is essentially neces iiry for the health, as well as for the security, comfort, and convenience, of the inhabitants of the towns and factories of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, in the East Indies, that the streets therein should be regularly and effectually cleanfeef watched, and repaired: be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the jufrices of the peace within or for the presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, for the time

Justices may appoint scavengers for cleansing the

ft recta of CaR being, of the major part of them, from time to time affiemblec} cutta, Ma- at their general or quarter sessions, to appoint scavengers for

dras, apd cleansing the streets of the said towns or factories of Calcutta,

may order their being watched and

and fp^dras^ aval Bombay respectively, and to nominate and appoint msv nr, er persons as they shall think Rt in that behalf, and also to or-

der the watching and repairing of the Rreets therein as they repaired, and respectively shall judge necessary, and for the purpose of defray-menTs^for* >nS ex Pences thereof, from time to time, to make an equal those pur- assessment or assessments on the owners or occupiers of houses,

poles, See. buildings, and grounds, in the said towns or fadlories respectively,

according to the true and real annual values thereof, so that the whole of Rich assessment or assessments shall not exceed, in any pne year, the proportion of one twentieth part of the gross an-pual yalucs thereof respectively? unless gny higher rate of assessment

shall.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 201

shall, in the judgement of the governor general In council, or governor in council, of the said respective preftdencies, become essentially necessary for the cleansing, watching, or repairing thereof, in which case the said governor general in council, or governor in council, shall and may, on any such urgent occasion, by order in council, author!fc a further assessment, not exceeding in any one year the half part of the amount of the ordinary annual assessment herein-before limited, and that it shall be thereupon lawful for the said justices to make a further assessment, according to the tenor of such order, and not otherwise, or in any other manner; and that all and every such afleftmentor assessments shall and may, from time to time, be levied and collected by such person or persons, and in such manner, as the said justices, by their order in section, shall direct and appoint in that behalf, and the money thereby raised shall be employed and disposed of according to the orders and directions of the said justices in session respectively, for and towards the repairing, watching, and cleansing the said streets, and for no other purpose; and that the said assessments, being allowed under the hands and seals of such justices, or any two or more of them, shall and may be levied by warrant under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any two of them, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons not paying the same within eight days after demand, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the same person or persons, the necessary charges of making, keeping, and felling such distress or distress.es, being first deducted.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful No spirituous for any person or persons to fell any arrack or other spirituous | lns liquors within the towns or factories of Calcutta, Madras, or cutta Ma-Bombay respectively, without a licence for that purpose under the dras, or Bom-hands and seals of two or more of the justices of the peace having bay, without jurisdiction; and that the powers and authorities velted, by any hcence. laws or statutes now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, in any justices of the peace for restraining the inordinate sale of spirituous liquors, shall extend to and be put in force against all unlicensed traders in spirits or spirituous liquors within the said towns and factories respectively, by the justices having jurisdiction therein; and that if any question shall arise touching By whom the or concerning the true limits and extent of the said towns and factories, or any of them, the same shall be enquired into by the pr^ribed. C governor general in council at Fort William, in respect to the limits and extent of Calcutta, and by the governor in council of Fort Saint George, in respect to the limits and extent of Madras, and the governor in council at Bombay, in respect to the town of Bombay; and that such limits as the said respective governments, by order in council, shall declare and prescribe to be the limits of the said towns and fadfories respectively, shall be held, deemed, and taken in law as the true limits of the same; any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall Directors hereafter be elected a director of the said company shall, within blatter ten days next after his election, and before he shall take that

office h

Oath.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

office upon him save only the administering the oath herein after mentioned)^ instead of the oaths now prescribed to be taken by persons elected directors of the said company, take the following oath 3 (that is to say),

7 A.B. do swear, that the sum of two thousand pounds, now* funding i?i my name, of the fock of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, whereof I am elected to be a director, doth at this time belong to me in my own fight y and not in truf for any other person or persons whomsoever: and 1 do further swear, that in case I shall at any tune or times, whilf I fall continue to be a director of the said company, have any dealings or bufness with the said co?npany upon my own account, separately or in conjunction with any other person or persons, for or in respect of buying for or Jelling to the said company any bullion or other goods what-joever, or in making any other bargain or contract whatsoever, by, toy or voith the said company, then and in every such caj'ey previous to any treaty or negotiation upon such bufness or bnfneffesy I zvill declare and record the same upon the proceedings of the court or committee where the same is to be transacted, and that I will withdraw from such court or committee during the dfcuff on thereof and will not return thereto until after such bufness or bufnesses fall be decided upon: and I do further sweary that I am not directly or indirectly interefed or concerned\ as an owner or part owner, of or in any fip cr vessel which at this time is hired or freighted, or is expected to be hired or freighted to or for the use of the said company; and that during the time I fall continue to be a director of the said company, I will not become an owner or part owner of any fip or vessel which is or fall be so freighted, except such ftps or fares of sips as shall come to me by bequef or marriage, or as next of kin of a?iy person who fall die intestate, and that in all such cases I will forthwith give notice in writing to the court of directors of the said company of my being so interested; and I do hereby promise that I-will sell and dispose of ?ny interef in such sipping within twelve months next after my interest therein fall accrue, or in default thereof fall and unil vacate my place and office of a dire51 or of the said company: and further I do swear, that I will not directly or indirectly accept or take any perquiste, emolument, fee, present, or reward, upon any account whatsoever, or any promise or engagement for any perquiste, emolument, fee, present, or reward whatsoever, for or in respect of the appointment or nomination of any person or persons to any place or office in the gift or appointment of the said company, or of me as a director thereof \ or for or on account of Rationing or appointing the voyage or voyages of any fip or sips in the said company's employ, or for or on account of or any ways relating to, any other bufness or affairs of the said company: and I do further swear, that I will be faithful to the said company, and according to the bef of my fill and understanding, give my best advice, counsel, and affifance for the support of the good government of the said company, and during my continuance in the said company will not at any time or tunes fip, lade, fend, dire ft or cause to be sent from England, or any other

country

1793-l Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 203

country, to the East Indies, or other parts within the limits wherein the said company may lawfully trade by virtue of their charter of in-corporation, bring from thence, my private account, tfwy goods,

coins, other merchandizes, contrary to an act of parliament made

in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third', intituled [here inlert the title of this act]: I do further

faithfully promise and swear, that in the office of a director of the said company, I will be indifferent and equal to all manner of persons, and will in all things faithfully and honestly demean myself according to the befl of my skill and understanding.

S* help me GOD.

which said oath shall be signed by the person or persons taking the same, and shall be administered by any two of the directors of the said company, who also shall sign and attest the same; and in case any person so to be elected a director of the said company, shall refuse or neglect to take the said oath within the time aforesaid, his office or place, as a director of the said company, shall become void.

CLXI. And whereas, by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act 18 Geo. z. c* for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound and weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excile; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another; and by an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 13 Geo. 3. c. intituled An act to allow a drawback of the duties of customs on 44> recited. the exportation of tea to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; to encrease the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the East India company's sales, and to empower the of of the treasury to grant licences to the East India company to export tea duty-free; every person who should, at any publick sale of tea made by the said united company, be declared to be the befl bidder for any lot or lots of tea, is required, within three days after being so declared the best bidder or bidders for the same, to make such deposits with the said united company, for every tub and for every chest of tea, as in the said respective acts are mentioned, under and subject to such regulations, forfeitures, penalties, and disabilities, as in the same act are mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to vary the time of paying the said deposits; be it further enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this act, Deposits for the provision made in the said recited acts, with respect to the tea to be made time of paying the said deposits, shall cease; and that in respect hereinTecifi-of all tea sold at the said company's sales, at any time from and e(j, instead of after the commencement of this act, the said deposits shall be those directed paid at such times as herein after are mentioned; (that is to say), by last recited on all tea of which any person shall be declared the bess bidder on the Monday and Auefday of each week in which any sale of tea shall be made, the said deposits shall be paid at or before three of the clock in the afternoon of the Saturday then next following

204 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53* C1793-

ing; and on all tea of which any person shall be declared the bell; bidder on the Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of each week in which any sale of tea shall be made, the said deposits shall be paid on or before three of the clock in the afternoon of the Tuesday then next following, under the same terms and conditions, and subject to the same regulations, forfeitures, penalties, and disabilities, as are mentioned and contained in the said act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty. Limitation of CLXII. And be it further enacted, That all suits and prose-tos. cutions for any thing done under or by virtue of this act shall be

commenced within the space of three years after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, or, being done in Great Britain, in the absence of any person beyond lea aggrieved thereby, then within the space of three years next after the return of such person to Great Britain.

Commence- CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such

of the Parts of this hi respect whereof no particular time or times

act, for which commencement is or are herein named or appointed, shall no particular have commencement in Great Britain immediately after this act time is ap- shall have received his Majesty's royal assent, and in the East pointed. Indies, and other parts and limits aforesaid, from the first day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. LIII.

An act to continue and amend an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

[June 3, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

-xoOeo.3. c. 5 7, and

3i Geo. 3. c. 52

recited.

WHEREAS an all was pa Jed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers; which was to be 'in force for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the then next Jeffon of parliament: and whereas, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty was continued for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said frfl mentioned act should be continued for a further limited time (except as herein is excepted); may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent the of lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-Recited a St of bled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act passed 29 Geo. 3. fur- in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for further regulating the trade or bufinej's of paiun-brokers7, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for and during the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That so much of the said act as directs, that no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall

ther continued;

but so much as directs that no fee shall

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54# 205

shall be had, taken, or received by any justice of the peace, or his he taken for clerk, or by any person whomsoeve'r, for any summons or warrant, or other proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by p^ied. - any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of the said act, final! be, and the same is hereby repealed.

[Publick act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly fodefies. —

[June 21, 1793.]

WHEREAS the protection and encouragement of friendly

[Preamble.]

defies in this kingdom, for raising, by voluntary subscription of the members thereof separate funds for the mutual relief and maintenance of the said members in sickness, old age, and infirmity, is likely to be attended with very beneficial effects, by promoting the happiness of individuals, and at the fa?ne time diminishing the publick burthens; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may lawful to and Any number for any number of persons, in Great Britain, to form themselves ol: Persons

J, n 1 1-n 5 r r i form

into, and to eltabhih one or more locicty or locieties or good themselves fellowship, for the purpose of raising, from time to time, by sub- into a society, feriptions of the several members of every such society, or by vo- and raise luntary contributions, a stock or fund for the mutual relief and maintenance of all and every the members thereof, in old age, for their mu-sickness, and infirmity, or for the relief of the widows and tual benefit, children of deceased members; and to and for the several mem- and may make bers of each such society, or such number of them as shall be no- ru^scanc* lrP'

rJ, r r r pose fillc3, (ScC.

minated a committee for that purpose, from time to time to assemble together, and to make, ordain, and constitute such proper and wholesome rules, orders, and regulations, for the better government and guidance of the same, as to the major part of such. society, or such committee thereof, so assembled together, shall seem meet, so as such rules, orders, and regulations, shall not be repugnant to the laws of this realm, nor any of the express provisions or regulations of this act, and to iinpose and inflict such reasonable fines and forfeitures upon the several members of any such society who shall offend against such rules, orders, or regulations, as shall he just and necessary for duly enforcing the same, to be respectively paid to such uses, for the benefit of Inch society, as such society by such rules, orders, or regulations, shall direct; and also from time to time to alter and amend Inch rules, orders,

and regulations as occasion shall requiie, or to annul and repeal the same, and to make new rules, orders, and regulations in lieu thereof, under such restrictions as are in this act contained.

II, Pro-

20 6

Rules of such societies to be exhibited to the justices in quarter sessions, who may annul or confirm them.

Rules to be ligned by the clerk of the peace, and deposited with him.

No society to be within the meaning of this act till their rules have been confirmed.

No confirmed rule to be altered but at a general meeting of the society, &c*

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such rules, orders, and regulations, with all convenient speed after the lame shall be made, altered, or amended, and so from time to time after every making, altering, or amending thereof, shall be exhibited in writing to the justices of the peace assembled at the general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, in and for the county, riding, division, or shire where such society shall be established, and such rules, orders, and regulations shall be subject to the review of such justices, who shall and may, after due examination thereof, at the then, or the then next subsequent section, annul and make void all such rules, orders, or regulations as shall be repugnant to this act, and shall allow and confirm all such rules, orders, and regulations as shall be conformable to the true intent and meaning of this act, and after the confirmation thereof by such justices, all such rules, orders, and regulations, so confirmed, shall be signed by the clerk of the peace at such sessions, and a duplicate thereof, being first fairly wrote 011 parchment, shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace at such sections, to be by him filed with the rolls of the sessions there, without any fee to be paid for any matter or thing relating to the same; and such rules, orders, and regulations, approved of and confirmed by the justices, and filed as aforesaid, shall be binding upon all parties during the continuance of the same; and no such society, which shall hereafter be established, shall be deemed or taken to be within the intent and meaning of this act, until good and competent rules, orders, and regulations for the government of the same shall have been confirmed by the justices, and filed as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act before mentioned; nor shall any such society, which hath already been established for the purpose aforesaid fte, or be deemed or taken to be, within the intent and meaning of this act, unless all the rules, orders, or regulations, under which such society is thereafter to be governed, shall be exhibited and confirmed in manner aforesaid, and shall be filed at the general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof to be holden in and for the county, riding, division, or shire, where such society hath been established, at some time before or immediately next after the feast of Saint Michael in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no rule, order, or regulation, confirmed by the justices of the peace in manner aforesaid, shall be altered, refeinded, or repealed, unless at a general meeting of the members of such society as aforesaid, convened by publick notice, in writing, signed by the secretary or clerk of such society, in pursuance of a requisition for that purpose, by three or more of the members of such society, and publickly read at the two ufu'al meetings of such society to be held next before such general meeting, for the purpose of such alteration or repeal, unless a committee of such members shall have been nominated for that purpose, in which case such committee shall be convened in like manner, and unless such

all- osted by

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54^ 207

alteration or repeal shall be made with the concurrence and approbation of three-fourths of the members of such society then and there present, or by the like proportion of such committee as aforesaid, if any shall havp4>een nominated for that purpose; and Alterations of such alteration or repeal/shall be subject to the review of the juf-

c, \'r rr'c^ J i fubietft to the

tices at such general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any ad- revjew the

journment thereof, as aforesaid, and shall be filed in the manner quarter ftf-

herein-before directed; and that no such rule, order, or regulation fions.

shall be binding, or have any force or effect, until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by such justices, and filed as

aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Society may every such society shall and may, from time to time, at any of ^s°int 0 l" their general meetings, or by their committee, if any such shall be appointed for that society, eledf and appoint such persons into the office of iteward, president, warden, treasurer, or trustee of such society as they shall think proper, and also shall and may from time to time eledb and appoint such clerks and other officers as shall be deemed necessary to carry into execution the purposes of such institution, for such space of time, and for such purposes, as shall be fixed and established by the rules and regulations of such society, and from time to'time to elect and appoint others in the room of those who shall vacate or die; and such treasurer or trea- Securities to furers, trustee or trustees, and all and every other officer or of- he given for ficers, or other persons whatever, who shall be appointed to any office in anywifo touching or concerning the receipt, manage- quired. ment, or expenditure of any Turn or sums of money collected for the purpose of any such society, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of any such office or trust, shall (if required so to do by the rules or regulations of j

such society to wHTcfi"fu'Ch officers shall belong) become bound; with'two sufficient lure ties for the just and faithful execution of l such -office or trust, and for rendering a just and true account,; according to the rules, orders, and regulations of such society, 1 and in all matters lawful to pay obedience to the same, in such penal sum or sums of money as by the major part of such society, at any such meeting as aforesaid, shall be thought expedient, and to the satisfaction of such society; and that every such Treasurers or bond or bonds to be given by or on the behalf of such treasurer trustees to or treasurers, trustee or trustees, shall be given to the clerk of th^ckrk the peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, where such so- the peace; ciety shall be established for the time being, without fee or reward; and in case of forfeiture, it final 1 be lawful to sue upon such bond in the name of the clerk of the peace for the time being, for the use of the said society; and every such bond or bonds and other per^ to be given by any other person or persons appointed to any such fens to the other office or trust as aforesaid, shall be given to the treasurer or or

treasurers, trustee or trustees as aforesaid, of such society for the time being, to be by him or them respectively prosecuted for any forfeiture thereof, and for the use of such society to which such officer or officers shall belong; and no bond or other security to

be

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

be given to or on account of any such society, or in pursuance o^ this act, shall be charged or changeable with any stamp duty whatever.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Powers of standing committees to be declared in the rules of the society, and of parti-

208

Bonds not chargeable with ft amp duty.

Appointment

of committees, every such society shall and may, from time to time, elect and appoint any number of the members of such society, not leis than eleven, to be a committee, and shall and may delegate to such committee all or any of the powers given by this act to be executed; who being so delegated shall continue to act as such committee for and during such time as they shall be appointed; and in all cases where a (landing Committee shall be appointed for such society, for general purposes, the powers of such committee shall be first declared in and by the rules, orders, and regulations of such society, confirmed by the justices of the peace at their ieffions, and filed in the manner herein-before directed; and in all

teredina^book" ca*es w^ere a committee shall be appointed for any particular eie ma oo- pUrp0pe or purposes^ the powers delegated to such committee shall be reduced into writing, and entered into a book by the secretary or clerk of such society, and five of the members of such committee, at least, shall at all times be necessary to concur in any act of such committee, and such committee shall, in all things delegated to them, act for and in the name of such society; and all acts and orders of such committee, under the powers delegated to them, shall have the like force and effect as the acts and orders of such society, at any general meeting thereof, could or might have had in pursuance of this act: provided always, that the transactions of such committee shall be from time to time, and at all times, subject and liable to the review, allowance or disallowance, and controul, of such society, in such manner and form as such society shall by their general rules, orders, and regulations, confirmed by the justices, and filed as aforesaid, have directed and appointed, or shall in like manner direct and appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, for the time being, of any such society, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required from time to time, by and with the consent of such society, to be had and testified in such manner as shall be directed by the general rules and orders of such society, to lay out or dispose of such part of all such sums of money as shall at any time be collected, given, or paid to and for the beneficial ends, intents, and purposes of such society, as the exigencies of such society shall not call for the immediate application or expenditure of, either on private securities, to be approved of as aforesaid (such securities to be taken in the name or names of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, for the time being), or to invest the same in the publick flocks or funds, in the proper name or names of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, and from time to time, with such consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such securities and funds, and to make sale thereof respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

Committees controulable by society.

Treasurers or trustees to lay out surplus or contributions,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.

209

all the dividends, inters ft:, and proceeds which shall from time to 2nd to bring time-arise from the monies so laid out or invested as aforesaid, to\ccount^S shall, from time to time, be brought to account by such treasurer for the use of or treasurers, trustee or trustees, and shall be applied to and for the society. the use of such society, according to the rules, orders, and regulations thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority a Fore hi id, That the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or truf- Treasurers, tees, for the time being, and all other officers of any such society, &c. to render who shall have or receive any part of the monies, effects, or funds

of such society, or shall in manner have been or shall be entrusted with the disposition, management, or custody thereof, or of any securities relating to the same, his, her, and their executors, admini lira tors, and assigns respectively, shall, upon demand made, in pursuance of any order by such society or committee to be appointed as aforesaid for that purpose, give in his or their account or accounts, at a general meeting of any such society, or to such -committee thereof as aforesaid, to be examined, and allowed or disallowea, and shall, on the like demand, pay over all the monies remaining in his or their hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all securities, effects, or funds taken or (landing in his or their name or names as aforesaid, or being in his or their hands or custody, to the treasurer or treasurers, cr' trustee or trustees, for the time being, or to such person or persons as such society shall appoint; and in case of any neglect or re fu fa I to deliver such ^ca*e account, or to pay over such monies, or to assign, transfer, or Nation rrriv^e deliver such securities or funds in manner aforesaid, it shall and made to the may.be lawful to and for every such society, in the name of the court of treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees thereof, as the case may chancery, See* be, to exhibit a petition in the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer, in England, or the court of session in Scotland, or the courts of great sessions in Wales -reflectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary way, and make such order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to Such court in their discretion shall seem just; and all alignments and transfers made in pursuance of such order shall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No fee to be

no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be de- For any

mand.ed, taken, or received by any officer, or rainifter of such f]^courts^court, for any matter or thing done in such court in pursuance of See.

this act; and that upon the presenting of any such petition, it

shall be lawful for the lord high chancellor, the master of the rolls, and barons of the exchequer, respectively, in England, or the lords of session in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, to assign counsel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of such court to advise and carry on such petition on the behalf of such society, who are hereby respectively required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no such proceedings in such court, in pursuance of this act, shall be chargeable with any stamp duty.

Vql. XXXIX. V X. And'

2io Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

Executors, &c. X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^any person appointed to any office by any such society, and ties before any being entrusted with or having in his hands or possession any other debts, monies or effects belonging to such society, or any securities relating to the same, shall die, or become a bankrupt, or insolvent, his executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, shall, within forty days after demand made by the order of any such society, or the major part of them assembled at any meeting thereof, deliver over all things belonging to such society, to such person or persons as such society shall appoint, and shall pay, out of the afTcts or effects of such person, all sums of money remaining due, which such person received by virtue of his said office, before any of his other debts are paid or satished; and all such abets and effedfs dial accordingly,

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all monies, goods, chattels, flocks, annuities, and other transferrable securities and effects whatever, belonging to such society, trusteesforthe be ve^e(^n the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, time being, for the time being, for the use and benefit of such society, and whomaybring from and after the death or removal of any treasurer or treasurers,

ding treasurer or trea-

be bound to the payment and discharge thereof

Effects of societies to be vetted in the

and defend actions, &c*

trustee or trustees, shall vest in the fucce:

furers, truflce or trustees, for the same estates and interests as he or they then had therein, and subject to the same trufl, without any assignment or transfer whatever; and also shall, for all purposes of action or suit, as well criminal as civil, in law or in equity, in anywise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and be taken to be, and shall in every such proceeding (where necessary) be Rated to be the property of the person or persons appointed to the office of treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees (as the case may be) of such society for the time being, in his, her, or their proper name or names; and such person or persons so appointed shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any action, suit, or prosecution, criminal as well as civil, touching or concerning such monies, goods or chattels, or effects, of or belonging to such society, and such person or persons so appointed shall and may, in all cases concerning the property of such society, sue and be sued, plead and he impleacted, in his or their proper name or names, without other description; and no such suit, action, or prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the death or removal of such person or persons from the said office of treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, in the proper name or names of the person or persons commencing the same; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such society so to be established as aforesaid, before

jurpole of any of the rules, orders, or regulations thereof shall be confirmed their establish-, J. n. /, 9 r «. j i\ n

Societies to declare the purpose of

ment &c. be* by the justices in the manner herein-before directed, shall, in or

by

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.

by one or more of the general rules, orders, or regulations to be fore the con-confirmed by such justices, declare all and every the intents and r*ules°by

purposes for which such society is intended to be established; and the quarter shall also, in and by such rules, orders, and regulations, diredd fdTions; all and every the uses and purposes to which the money, which shall from time to time be subscribed, paid, or given to, or for the use or benefit of such society, or which shall arise therefrom, or in any wise belonging to such society, shall be appropriated and applied, and in what, fharcs and pioportions, and under what circumstances, any member of such Lciety, or other person, shall or may become entitled to the same, or any part thereof; and which application shall not in any wise be repugnant to the uses, intents, and purposes of such society, or any of them, so to be declared as aforesaid; and all such rules, orders, or regulations, during the continuance of the same, shall be complied with and enforced; and the monies so subscribed, paid, or given, and may Infli<?fc or so arising to or for the use or benefit of such society, or be- P^ahy i°r^ < longing thereto, shall not be diverted or rni(applied, either by ^money^01* the treasurer or treasurers, truficee or trustees, or any other officer or officers of such society entrusted therewith, under such penalty or forfeiture as such society shall by any general rule, order, or regulation, impose and inflict for such offence; and The consent,

that it shall not be lawful for any such society, by any rule, or- ^fcefTary for i, \ J I -r i-r dissolution of

der, or regulation, at any general meeting or otherwise, to ail- f0Cietics.

solve or determine such society, so long as the intents or purposes declared by such society, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without the consent and approbation of five sixths of the then exiffing members of such society, and also of all persons then receiving, or then entitled to receive, relief from such society, either on account of sickness, age, or infirmity, to be testified under their hands, individually and respectively; nor Stock not di-shall it be lawful for such society, by any rule, order, or regu- visible but for lation, to direct the division or diffribution of such (lock or fund, ^ie SePera]

n, r, 1 r r ? DUrDOleS OI ttlC

or any part thereof, to or amongst the several members of fuen society. society, other than for carrying into erredd the general intents and purposes of such society declared by them, and confirmed by the justices of the peace as aforesaid, according to the directions of this add, but that all such rules, orders, or regulations for the diflblution or detei mination of any such society, without such consent as aforesaid, or for the diffribution or division of the (lock or fund of such society, contrary to the rules, orders, and regulations which shall have been confirmed by the said justices at their sessions, and filed in pursuance of this add, shall be void and of none effect.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rules to be That all the rules, orders, and regulations, from time to time entered In to a made, oretained, and constituted by any such society, in the manner directed by this add, shall be forthwith entered into books to be kept by one or more of the members of such society, to be appointed for that purpose, and shall be signed by the said members, and shall at all seasonable times be open for the inspec-

P 2 tion

book, and re-. ceived in evi-

a book or dtlK. cYC.

Societies may receive donations.

Proceedings, where members think themselves aggrieved.

tion of any member of such society; and such rules, orders, and regulations so entered and signed, shall be deemed original orders, and shall be received in evidence as such in all difptftes and in all trials before any court in this kingdom; and that no certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any of the rules, orders, or regulations of any such society, made in pursuance of this act, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may. be lawful for any such society to receive donations of any person or persons, towards the supply of their flock or fund, and all such sums shall be applicable to the general purposes of such society, in (he like manner as the contributions of the several members of such society are or shall be directed to be applied in pursuance of 'this act, and shall not be applied in any other manner.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person having been admitted a member of any such society established by virtue of this act, shall think himself aggrieved by any act, matter, or thing done or omitted to be done by any such society, or any person or persons aft ing under them, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, where, or near unto the place where such society shall be established, on complaint made upon oath or affirmation by or on the behalf of such person (which oath or affirmation such justices of the peace are hereb)r empowered and required to administer), to issue their summons to the presidents, wardens, stewards, or other principal officers of such society, by whatever name such. principal officers shall be respectively named or calied, or one of them, in case such complaint shall be made against such society collectively; and in case such complaint shall be made against any person or persons appointed to such office or offices, then to summon such person or persons to appear before such justices at a convenient time and place, to be respectively named in such summons; and also to summon at the same time and place, if there shall be occasion, all such persons as shall appear to such justices to have the custody of the rules, orders, and regulations of such society, and such justices, at the time and place namectin such summons, whether the person or persons so summoned shall or shall not appear according to such summons, nevertheless, on proof upon oath or affirmation of such summons being duly served, or left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, shall proceed peremptorily to hear and determine, in a summary way, the matter of such complaint according to the true purport and meaning of the rules, orders, and regulations of such society, confirmed by the justices according to the directions of this act, and fnali make such order therein as to them shall seem just; and every such order, of such justices shall be complied with, and shall be final to all intents and purposes, and shall not be subject to appeal, or to be removed or removeable into apy of his Majesty's courts of record at Wcjhnhijhr.

XVI. PrO-

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54* 2I3

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Wheregeneral thority aforesaid, That if provision shall be made by one or more ^fp^te^tobe of the general rules or orders of any such foqiety, and confirmed settled by ar-as required by this act, for a reference by arbitration of any bitration, the matter in dispute between any such society, or any person or ^trators^ persons acting under them, and any individual members thereof, £na

the matter so in dispute shall be referred to such arbitrators as shall be named and elected in such manner as shall be prescribed by such general rules or orders; and whatever award, order, or determination shall be made by the said arbitrators, or the major part of them, according to the true purport and meaning of the rules and orders of such society, confirmed by the judices according to the directions of this act, shall be binding and conclusive on all parties, and shall be final to all intents and purposes, without appeal, being subject to the controul of two or more justices of the peace in the manner herein-before prescribed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No member of That no member of any society to be efiabl fined in purlumce of society, pro-this act, who shall inhabit or reside in any parish, township, or tificate there' place, not having a legal settlement there, or who shall come to of, to be rer inhabit or reside there, and shall deliver to the churchwardens or moveable till overseers of the poor of such parish, township, or place, or to actually

any or either of them, a certificate, under the hands of the a e

stewards, presidents, wardens, or treasurers of such society, or any two of them, for the time being, to be attefied bygone or more credible witness or witnesses, thereby acknowledging the person mentioned in such certificate to be a member of such society, shall, during the time such person shall continue to be such member thereof, be" removeab.'e from any parish, township, or place where any such certificate hath been delivered as aforesaid, to the place of his or her lad; legal settlement, by virtue of any law now in be*ing relative to the settlement of the poor, until such person shall become actually chargeable to such parish, township, or place, or shall be forced to ask relief for himself or herself, or for his or her family, or for some part thereof, of the parish, township, or place, to which such certificate was delivered as aforesaid, and that then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful for such person, together with his or her family, not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed and conveyed to the last legal place of settlement of such person as aforesaid, according to the laws now in being relating to the settlement of the poor,

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That How certifi-every such certificate shall express the place and places of abode respectively of the persons signing and attefiing the same; and

that one of the witnesses attefiing the same shall make oath before a justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, shire, liberty, borough, town corporate, or place where such society shall be established, (which oath fuih justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required to administer), that such witness

214

mentj &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

did fee the persons whose names are thereunto set$ severally sign the said certificate, and that the name or names of such witness or witnesses is or are of his or their own proper hand writing, which said justice of the peace shall also certify that such oath was made before him; and every such certificate so made, and oath of the execution thereof so certified by the said justice of the peace, shall be taken, deemed, and allowed in all courts whatsoever as duly and fully proved, and shall be taken and received as evidence without other proof thereof.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-On complaint thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, upon com-of parish offi- plaint made by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of cers^ jufbces any parish, township, or place, where such certificate shall be ^erl'onsabring- delivered, to any justice or justices of the peace of the county, jug certifi- riding, division, or shire, or of the city, borough, town corpo-catts, to be rate, or place where any such pepfon as aforesaid shall inhabit or maH oat^of* re^e' or come to inhabit or reside, under the authority of this their "settle- a(^c? for such j u ftice or justices of the peace to cause any such person mentioned in such certificate as aforesaid to be summoned before him or them, in the division or place where such person shall so reside, or come to reside, in order to be examined, and to make oath touching the place of his or her last legal settlement, (which examination upon oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to take), and every such person so summoned is hereby directed and required to obey such summons, and to make cath accordingly; and such justice or justices is and are hereby respectively required to give an attested copy of such examination, so taken before him or them, to the person making the same, to be by him or her, or any person on his or her behalf, at any time afterwards, produced before any such of his Majesty's justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such person shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid; and that in case any such person shall be so again summoned, then, on the production of such attested copy as aforesaid, such person shall not be compelled or required to take any other or further oath with regard to any of the matters contained in such examination, but such person shall, it required, permit a copy thereof to be taken for such last mentioned justice or justices of the peace.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cerhre, by an qfhat it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the <ic 1 U1 wr, t" justices of the peace as aforesaid, who shall have taken such examination as aforesaid, or before whom such attested copy of such examination shall be produced, at the request of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor as aforesaid, by an order in writing under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such justices, to adjudge and declare the place of the last legal settlement of any such person, having been so examined on oath as aforesaid, or of such of his or her family as shall reside in such parish,

authority of this act, without bluing

any

Copies of examinations to be given the pr.rties, which shall exempt them from future examination.

Justices may

ing, the place tv settlement of persons so ex* n lined, without i(Tiling warrant for removal.

townfiiioj or place under the

215

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.

any warrant to remove such person, or his or her family as aforesaid, to such place of his, her, or their iaft legal settlement, and that a duplicate of every such order shall be transmitted to the general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of making thereof, for the county, riding, division, or {hire, where such person shall so - reside, to be filed amongst the records of the said court; and Copies of such that a copy of every such order, to be attested by one or more orders and of credible witness or witnesses, or a duplicate thereof, together to hT^tunied with an attested copy of such examination to be annexed to such to the copy of such order, or duplicate thereof, shall be delivered to the officers of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish, township, place of settle* or place, in which the person mentioned in such order shall be ment? adjudged to be last legally settled as aforesaid, or to any or either of them, at least fifteen days before the first day of holding such sessions; and that upon due proof to be made on path of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the justices of the peace at such sessions, of the delivery of such copy, or duplicate, with such examination annexed thereto as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace at such sessions, and they are hereby required, to direct every such order to be filed amongst the records of the said court; and that every such order so filed shall be final and conclusive in ascertaining and determining the place of the last legal settlement of the person or persons named in such order, unless the same shall be appealed against within the time herein after mentioned.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority a fore said. That all persons, who shall think themselves persons ag-aggrieved by any such adjudication of the said justices may appeal grieved by ad-to the general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden next after judication of the expiration of fifteen days from the time of the delivery of app^Hc^the such copy or duplicate as aforesaid, for the county, riding, di- quarter fef- -vision, or shire where such order was made; and the joffices of fioas, Scc. the peace at such sessions shall and may receive such appeal, and proceed to hear and determine the merits of such appeal, in like manner, with the same effetSI, and under the like rules, as if the person or persons mentioned in such order had been by warrant of two justices actually removed to the place where he, file, or they were ait legally settled, under and by virtue of any law in being, before and at the time of the making of this act, and may award the like cuffs on such appeal as may be awarded on appeals from orders of removals of poor persons by any statute or ifatutes iiow in force, to be recovered in like manner as colls awarded under the authority of such statute or statutes.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^person That no member of any such society, who shall reside in any wh0 shall re-parish, township, or place under and by virtue of this act, ft vail tide in any have or be deemed to have acquired any settlement in such parish, p\^i(hitn<1 er township, or place, by delivery and publication of any notice in [hereby ac-wrsting, unlds the same shall be made after such person shall quire I settle-

P 4 ccafe ment;

nor for paying rates

nor any ap-pivntiee oriel'-vant to such persons.

Bastards to have the mo* trier's icttle-Inent.

cease to be a member of such society, and after the revocation of his or her certificate herein-before mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no member of any such society who shall reside as aforesaid, under the authority of this act, and shall be taxed, rated, or assessed towards any of the rates, taxes, or levies of the parish, township, or place, where such member shall so reside, and shall dulypay the same, shall be deemed or taken thereby to have any legal settlement in such parish, township, or place; any law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who fhalPbe an apprentice, bound by indenture to, or shall be a hired servant to or with any person who did come into or shall.relide in any parish, township, or place, under

the authority of this act, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place, shall gain or be adjudged to have any settlement in such parish, township, or place, by reason of such apprenticeship or binding, or by reason. of such hiring or serving the rein'; but all such apprentices and servants shall have their settlements in such parish, township or place, as if they had not been bound, or had not been hired to such person as aforesaid; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every child which shall be born a bastard in any parish, township, or place, during the mother's residence therein, under the authority of this act, shall have and be deemed to have the same settlement which the mother has or is entitled unto at the time of the birth of such child 5 any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Charges of

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, maintaining or That when any overseer or overseers of the poor of any parish, cle^tTiTn 'er^' tov/n*p? or place, shall have been put to any charge in the this to be maintaining any person or persons, or their families, redding in reimburied by such parish, township, or place, under the authority of this act, the parish to or in removing any person or persons back to the place to which he, she, or they shall belong, after he, she, or they shall have pa.01.g. |3ecome a{yj-lia]]y chargeable, or asked relief as aforesaid, such overseers shall from time to time be reimbursed such reasonable cha-ges by the overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, to which such person or persons shall belong, the said charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace rending near the place where such charges shall be incurred $ to be levied, in case cf refusal of payment, by distress and sale of the goods and' chattels of such overseers of the poor as last aforesaid, by warrant or warrants, under the hand and seal or hands and seals of such justice or justices, returning the overplus, if any there be; which warrant or warrants he or they is and are hereoy required to grant.

[Publick act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this acte shall be deemed a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being Specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An act to author ife justices of the peace to impose fines upon confables, overseers, and other peace or parish officers, for neglect of duty, and on masters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices, and also to make provison for the execution of warrants of difrefs granted by magistrates. — \f\ix\z 21, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further powers to justices

[Preamble.]

of the peace to impose fines upon overseers of the poor, con-fables, and other peace and parish officers, within their respective jurisliftions, for neglect of duty in such their respective offices, or for disobedience of the warrants or orders of such justices; and it is also expedient to impower justices to impose fines upon mafiers of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices, and also to make provison for the execution of warrants of difrefs granted by magistrates*may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices may

of his Majesty's justices of the peace, assembled at any specia] or imPofe lines

j j j t /*uoon conita- 1

petty sessions of the peace, upon complaint being made upon &c> for

oath before them, of any neglect of duty, or of any disobedience neglect of of any lawful warrant or order of any j office or justices of the duty, and on peace by any constable, overseer of the poor, or other peace or

parish officer, or upon complaint made to such two or more juf- p^nticcsT' tices upon oath, by or on the behalf of any apprentice to any trade or business whatsoever, whether bound apprentice by any parish or township or otherwise, provided that not more than the sum of ten pounds be paid upon the binding of such apprentice, against his or her master or mistress, of any ill usage of such apprentice by such master or mistress (such constable, overseer, or other officer, master or mistress, having been duly summoned to appear and anl'wer such charge or complaint), to impose upon conviction any reasonable fine or fines, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, upon such constable, overseer, or other officer, master or mistress respeditvely, as a punishment for such disobedience, neglect of duty, or ill usage, and by warrant under the hands and teals of any two or more of such justices assembled, at any such special or petty sessions as aforesaid, to direct such fine or fines, if not paid, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons to offending, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducting the amount of such fine or fines, and the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender or offenders; and such fine or fines which may be imposed upon Application of any such constable, overseer, or other officer as aforesaid, shall hues, be applied and disposed of for the relief of the poor of the parish,

township,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

For want of distress, offenders may be committed.

No persons to be deemed trespassers on account of

&c,

218 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1793.

township, or place, where the offenders shall respectively re side, at the discretion of the justices imposing the same, and such fine or fines, which may be imposed upon any such master or mistress, shall, at the discretion of the justices imposing the same, be either so applied and disposed of as aforesaid, or be otherwise paid and applied to or for the use and benefit of such apprentice, for or towards a recompence or compensation for the injury which may have been by him or her sustained by reason of such ill usage as aforesaid; and if any person shall be aggrieved by the imposition of such fine or fines as aforesaid, or by any order or warrant of distress for raising and levying the same, or by the judgement or determination of the said justices, or by any act to be done in the execution of such warrant of distress, such person or persons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, or division, within which such person shall reside, of which appeal ten days notice at the least shall be given; and for want of such distress, such person or persons shall be committed to the house of correction for any space of time not exceeding ten days.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person acting under any such warrant of distress as aforesaid shall be deemed a trespasser ab initio, by reason of any irregularity or in-

irregularity in formality in such warrant, or in any proceedings thereon, but proceedings, any person aggrieved by the iffiiing or execution of such warrant may recover the special damages thereby by him or her sustained, in an action of trespass, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

III. And whereas warrants of distress granted by justices of the peace are in ?nany infances ineffectual^ by reason of the goods and chattels of the persons against whom such warrants are granted being out of the jurisdiction jf the justice grayiting the same: be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases where any penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, may by the warrant of any justice or justices of the peace be directed to be levied by distress and sale of

tion ofjustices the goods and chattels of any person or persons, if sufficient dif-granting war- tress cannot be found within the limits of the jurisdiction of the beT'ied?*7 Ju^ce granting such warrant of distress, on oath thereof made by e evie in one witness, before any justice of the peace of any other county, riding, division, city, borough, town corporate, or place (which oath shall be by him certified by indorsement on such warrant), such penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such warrant and indorsement, be raised and levied by the person or persons to whom such warrant of distress shall have been originally directed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, in such other county, riding, division, city, borough, town corporate, or place; and the money arising by such distress and sale shall be applied and disposed of for such purposes, and in like manner, as if sufficient goods and chattels of such person or persons had been found within the jurisdiction of the magistrate originally granting such warrant; and if

no

Where distress cannot be found in the jurisdic

any other place.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. 219

no such distress can be found, such offender or offenders shall and Justices au-

may be forthwith proceeded aeainfl according to law: provided thorifing the j r o*execution

always, That no justice who shall indorse any certificate upon, or of warrants

authorise the execution of any such warrant of distress which may not granted

not have been granted within his jurisdiction, shall be answerable within their

or accountable for any irregularity which may have been com- Jurilhi<aions,

/, I.J.rru not to be an-

mitted or done in or about the obtaining or granting or such war- fwerable for

rant of distress. any irregula-

rity in obtain-

CAP. LVI. ing them.

An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Isands, in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars, exported in any other than British ships.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an act pafifed in the daft session of parliament,

[Preamble.]

intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the draw- 3zGco.3.c, 43* back, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of sugar, recited, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Ifands in foreign ships, certain restrictions are provided respecting the allowance and payment of drawbacks on the exportation of raw sugar, and of bounties on the exportation of refined sugar from Great Britain: and vohereas it is expedient that in consequence of the present war with F ranee, provisons should be made respecting the periods at which the average prices of the sugar shall be taken; and also the prices which shall regulate the allowance and pay* merit of the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of raw and refined sugars \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a {fern bled, and by the authority of the same, That if, on the twenty-third If, at the pe-day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the nods herein average price of brown or muscovado sugar, taken in the manner lpec'ded, the directed by the said recited act, for the six weeks preceding, shall oFhrow-n not exceed sixty-five shillings for an hundred weight, exclusive of muscovado the duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation fagar, taken thereof into Great Britain, that then and in such case the draw- the Te^ted° back and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and al- 3<g. not lowed; and if, on the twenty-third days of August, October, and exceed certain February following, the average price of such sugar, taken as prices, the aforesaid, for each of the llx weeks preceding those respective pe- ^oun^o be^ riocls, shall not exceed sixty shillings for an hundred weight, ex- pa*L°^elusive of the duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, that then and in such case the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall continue to be paid and allowed; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

220

Bounty on exportation of refined mufcov.ido sugar, from the British plantations in America, shipped under the recited or this att, to be paid, though net exported tv it bin the prescribed periods, is. per cwt. less than the bounty to be paid for refined sugar exported in any other than British vessels*

[Preamble.]

39 Geo. 3. c. 68, recited.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. [1793.

II. And be it further enacted, That the bounty due and payable on the exportation from this kingdom of refined sugar produced from muscovado sugar, imported from the British plantations in America, shall be allowed and paid for all such sugar as shall have been shipped under the authority of the said recited act, or may hereafter be shipped by virtue of this act, within the respective periods mentioned in the said recited act or this add, although such sugar shall not be or shall not have been exported until after the expiration of such respective periods.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugar in any other than a British ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, there shall be paid and allowed one shilling less bounty for each and every hundred weight of such sugar so exported, than if the same had been exported in a British ship or vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered} any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better regulation of warehoused tobacco, and for per-'mining certain tobacco of the Spanish dominions to be admitted to entry on the payment of the British plantation duty.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, it is among other things enacted, That the of of the eufoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the of of the eufoms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, should, and they respectively are thereby authorized and required, out of any of the duties or revenues of eufoms under their management respectively, to provide from time to time such warehouse and warehouses as they respectively should deem requisite and necessary for depositing, lodging, and securing the rein, all such tobacco as should be imported according to the dire ft ions of the said act; and in the said act it is provided and enacted, that the proprietor or proprietors of unmanufactured tobacco should pay warehouse rent, after the rate of sixpence per voeck for each and every hogfead, cask, chef, or case, of such tobacco as should remain in such ware-house or warehouses after the expiration of eighteen months, to be computed from the day on which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confgnee or consignees of such tobacco, should have made his or their entry thereof, according to the dir eft tons of the said act: and whereas it is expedient, that instead and in lieu of the said warehouse rent, of sixpence per week for each and every hogshead, caf, chef, or case, of unmanufactured tobacco, to be paid in pursuance of the said act, the sum of three halfpence per week only fall in future be paid for each and every such hegfbead, caf, chef, or case; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. 221

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this In place of act, instead and in lieu of sixpence^r week, to be paid by any sixpence, im-importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, for each and every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of onjv t^ee ? unmanufactured tobacco, now or hereafter to be warehoused pur- halfpence per suant to the directions of the said act, the sum only of three half- week per pence per week, for each and every such hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such tobacco, and no more, shall be paid by them, or warehoused either of them. room.

II. And whereas by the said recited act, it was among other things also enabled, That if the importers, proprietors, or consignees, of arty tobacco which should be depofiied in any warehouse provided according to the directions of the said a Cl, should omit, neglect, or refife to clear or take any tobacco from or out of any such warehouse, within twenty-jour months, to be computed from the day on which the importers, proprietors, or consignees of such tobacco, should have made their entries thereof in writing, according to the directions of the said a Cl, or should omit, neglect, or refujs to pay or clear off any of the duties imposed or payable for or in respect of such tobacco within such twenty-four months, it fijould be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and for the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, and for the of of the excise in England and Scotland r effectively, or the Major part of them rej'pec-lively for the time being, to caufi all such tobacco to be publickly fold-to the bef bidder: and whereas, for the promotion and encouragement of the tobacco trade, it is expedient, that the term for keeping tobacco in the said warehouses should be extended; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Recited net act shall entend, or be construed to extend, td authorise the sale n.ot to of any tobacco towards satisfying the duties thereby imposed, ^rehoused0t unless the importer, proprietor, or consignee of such tobacco, tobacco for shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take such tobacco from payment of or out of any warehouse or warehouses, in which the same shall the duties, have been, or may hereafter be deposited, lodged, or secured, within three years, to be computed from the day on which the three years, importer, proprietor, or consignee of such tobacco, should or ought to have made his, her, or their entry thereof in writing, according to the directions of the said recited act.

III. And whereas by the said recited act it was also enacted, That the importers, proprietors, or consignees of any tobacco depofiied in any warehouse provided according to the directions of the said act, should forthwith separate all the damaged and mean tobacco, for which they

respectively should refuse to pay the duties by the said a Cl imposed, from the residue of such tobacco: and whereas it is expedient that, the importers, proprietors, or consignees of any such tobacco, should he permitted and allowed in like manner to Jepar ate all the damaged and mean tobacco from the residue of such tobacco, previous to weighing such tobacco, either for exportation or for home trade, consumption, or manufacture\ be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

222 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. [1793.

The damaged aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the impor-part may be ters, proprietors, or consignees of any tobacco which now is or when1 ware- deposited, lodged, or secured in any warehouse provided

housed tobac- according to the directions of the said recited add, to separate all co is brought the damaged and mean tobacco, for which they respectively shall for^V^r^a^ re*u^e to Pay t^ie duties inaposed by the said act, from the residue tio^or^ome tobacco, upon such tobacco being brought to the lcale.

consumption, to be weighed, and previous to the weighing such tobacco ac-&c. cording to the directions of the said act, either for exportation,

or for home trade, consumption, or manufacture; and that all the damaged and mean tobacco which shall be so separated from the residue of such tobacco, shall be forthwith given up to the proper officers of customs and excise, to be by them burnt and destroyed, and the residue of such tobacco, after the reparation as aforesaid of all the damaged and mean tobacco, fit all be weighed and delivered either for exportation, or for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, as the case may be, upon the payment of such duties, and subject and liable to all the rules, conditions, regulations, rellrictions, penalties, and forfeitures to which any such tobacco is by law now subject and liable; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas a cargo of tobacco, the produce of Well Florida, was, in or about the 'month of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, brought on board a Spanish Jlnp or vessel, called the San Juan Baptilla, from New Orleans into the port ^/'.Plymouth in the county of Devon: and whereas application was made to the right honourable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, set- ting forth that the said cargo was originally intended for Nantz in

the kingdom of France, but on account of hostilities between Spain and that country, the same was brought into the port of Plymouth, with a request that the said cargo might be admitted to an entry in this kingdom as tobacco imported fro?n the countries belonging to the united fates of America: and whereas, in confderation of the aforesaid circumfance, the right honourable the lords of of his Majests treasury dire died that the said cargo sould be admitted to entry on payment of the duty of one J, hilling and three-pence per pound weight, being the duty payable on tobacco of the growth or production of his Majests colonies, plantations, ifunds, or territories in America, or the united fates of America, on condition that security sould be given to his Majesty for the payment of the duty of three fillings and fxpence per pound weight on the said tobacco, unless pro-v if ion sould be made by parliament for admitting the same at a lower duty, and security has been given by bond accordingly: and whereas it is expedient that relief sould be given in this case; be it therefore Theunmarm- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bond so given fa<flured to- shall be cancelled, and that so much of the said cargo as consists brought in the llnmanufactureed tobacco, shall, upon the delivery thereof for San Juan Bap* home trade, consumption, or manufacture, be admitted to entry tista, to be on payment of the same duties of customs and excise as are due admitted to and payable on tobacco of the growth or production of the united

states

d by

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 22J

flates of America, or be delivered for exportation in like manner entry, or de-as tobacco of the growth or production of the said united states, Station* e^' may now, bylaw, be so delivered; and that the remainder oftohacco of the the said cargo, being manufactured tobacco, shall be delivered united states free of duty, on due entry being made for exportation thereof to of America; the port of Hamburgh; and that all the said tobacco, upon the and

1 o^y l n II FAt tuel so

delivery thereof either for home trade, consumption, or manu- delivered facture, or for exportation, as the case may be, shall be subject duty-free for and liable to the rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and exportation to forfeitures to which tobacco of the growth or production of the Hamburgh, united states of America is now by law subject and liable.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act con- Not to affect tained shall extend to affect any regulations contained in any act a.ny nrgula-or acts of this session of parliament for the deposit of tobacco, on of to^C" the security whereof any exchequer bills shall be lent in pursuance bacco, on of such acts. which exche-

CAP. LVIII. quer bills shall be lent.

An act to allotv to flips carrying on the Joiithern whale fishery to the north of the equator, the same premium as they are now entitled io if they do not pass the equator.

[June 17, 1793 ]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his

[Preamble.]

present Majestfs reign, (intituled An act for the encou- 26 Geo. 3. c. ragement of the southern v/hale fishery); and by another act, 50; passed in the twenty eighth year of his present Majestfs reign, (inti- 28 Geo. 3. c. tided. An act for amending an act, made in the twenty-sixth year 20; and of his present Majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery, and for making further provisions for that purpose); it is enacted, among other things, That it shall and may be lawful for any finp or vejfiel employed in carrying on the said southern whale ffhery, in the Pacinck Ocean to the wejhvard of Cape Horn, or through the Sfreights of Magellan, to fail and pass as far as the equator northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude west from London, and no further: and whereas by an act passed in this present session of parliament, (intituled, A11 act 33 Geo. 3. c, for continuing in the East India company, for a further term, 5*> recited, the possession of the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay), it is enacted, among Other things, That, during the continuance of the whole, foie and exclusive trade, granted by the said last mentioned act to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it shall and may be lawful for any such ship or vessel employed in carrying on the southern whale fishery, under and by virtue of the said alls, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth years of his present Majestf s reign, to fail or pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn to the northward of the equator, ami as far to the wejhvard as one hundred e and

For ships cleared out for the southern whale ftlli-ery, since Jan. 1, 1793, which shall pass into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn, and to the northward of the equator, the same premiums to be paid as if they had not passed the equator.

[Preamble.]

31 Geo. 3. c. t, recited.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59.

[1793."

and eighty degrees of longitude from London; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be paid and allowed to the owner or owners of any such ship or vessel which shall have fitted and cleared out since the first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or which shall hereafter clear out for the carrying on the said fishery, and which shall pass into the Pacifick Ocean' by Cape Horn, and to the northward of the equator, subject to the rules and regulations in the said acts required, the same premium or premiums thati such ship or vessel would have been entitled to if such ship or vessel failing into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn had passed no further north than the equator, under and by virtue of the aforesaid acts passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, and also another act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and southern whale fisheries.)

CAP. LIX.

An act to continue certain duties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time; and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned.

[June 17, 1793.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of your present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of ^ntiih-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, c to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumphon, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; it was, amongst other things, enaPled, 1 hat, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety'one, there Jhqulcl be raised, levied, collected, ami paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and juccefiors, for and in respePl of brandy, rum, spirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, over and above all duties then imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59. 225

the further duties of excise therein mentioned and expressed; and it was by the said art further enacted, That all the monies arifng or to arise by the rates and duties granted by the said art, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two^fioould, together with such other rates and duties as should be (and which ivere) granted by certain arts of the then session of parliament for that purpose, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal fium of eight hundred thousand pounds, part of the jum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of the same session of parliament, and which voere raised by exchequer bills, in pursuance of an art of the same session, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or 31 Geo. 3. c» Exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences occ.afioned by 49* tlx? augmentation of his Majesty's forces in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, together with such interest as fhoidd by the said art be diverted to be paid or made payable for the said principal fiim of eight hundred thousand pounds, and that upon payment of the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said receipt of exchequer^ so much money out of the said fund to be established as afore-faicly as should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be diverted by such art of the same session of parliament as aforesaid, the said rates and duties by the said recited act imposed should f rom thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and whereas the said rates and duties on foreign spirits imported into Great Britain as aforesaid., will shortly expire in pursuance of the said recited acts, and it is expedient to continue the same for a limited time \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and jeonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the \ same, That the said additional rates and duties of excise for or in Additional respect of brandy, rum, spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported from be- duties im-yond the seas into Great Britain, imposed by the said recited act iirft above mentioned, shall continue, and be paid and payable to fp^s import -his Majesty, his heirs and fueceiTors, until and upon the fifth day ed inio Great of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, any thing Britain, con-in the said recited acts contained, or any of them, to the con- tmu?d to^ trary notwithstanding; and the said duties hereby continued shall, federally and respectively, be paid and payable by such persons, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were severally and respectively payable by law under or by virtue of the said several acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such parts of the said recited adh, for raising a sum of money by loans or exchequer bills as aforesaid, requiring the

repealed"

Part ofsi Geo. 3. c. 49> respecting the determination of the duties.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties imposed by 2 7 Geo. 3. c. 13, on wash brewed in England for extracting fpi. rits for home consumption, continued to

Jul7 5i 1795.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59. [1793.

of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue their or his orders to the respective commissioners of excise, for the determination of the said duties hereby continued as aforesaid, and all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the same relate to the said duties, shall be and they are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all monies from time to time arising by the several rates and duties by this act continued, the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, when and as the same respectively shall take effect by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from each other, and from all other branches of the publicic revenues > and that there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Co rifoli dated Fund.

IV\ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties of excise, which were, by an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise and granting other duties in lieu thereof.\ imposed for a limited time for or in respect of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England for extracting fpi pits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same; and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any fort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for or in respect of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for or in respect of wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except melalfes and sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which were, by several acts' made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-hve; and the said last mentioned duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable, by the several and respective makers and distillers of such wort, wash, cyder, perry, or other liquor re

spedlive

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 590 227

speclively, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures as the said duties, by the said act imposed and hereby continued, were severally and respectively payable by law, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing.of this act.

V. And whereas certain rules, regulations, re frictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures were, by an act made in the twenty-eighth year ofi the reign of his present Majesty, provided', settled, and established for the manufacture of spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, established at Maidstone, in the county of YLent, by George Bishop of that place, and certain duties were, by the said act, and by another act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop, for and in respect of wash produced by him from malt or other corn: and whereas the said George Bishop is lately dead, and sir William Bishop knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop are become pofifieffied of the distillery and premises in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the manufacture of such Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid and the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop are desirous to carry on the manufacture of, and to make spirits commonly called Maidstone Gene va, in 'the said difillery and premfes at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the like duties, rides, regulations, rsftrictions, provisons, fines, penalties-, and forfeitures as the said George Bishop deceased carried on the manufacture if and made spirits commonly called Maid ft one Geneva t and whereas it is expedient to allow the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop so to carry on such manufacture, and to make such spirits; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Sir William for the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, company may and the survivors and survivor of them, possessed of the said dif- continue to tillery and premises, to carry on the manufacture of, and to make make Maid-spirits commonly called Adaidjione Geneva, in the said distillery ^nnrupeneva and premises at Maidstone aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day i^iubjedfc of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five* under and to the duties subject to the like duties as were imposed on the said George imposed on Bishop deceased, by the said acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-ate first years of the reign of his said Majesty. Bishop?

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Rules estab* the said duties shall be raised, levied, and collected under such Idhtd for management, and shall be paid by the said sir William Bishop, to x

George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor tencj fir of them, under and subject to all and Angular the powers, au- William thorities, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, pe- Bishop and nalties, and forfeitures contained, provided, settled, or efca^- corilPan7* blished for the said George Bishop deceased, in or by any law or laws in force immediately before the death of the said George Bishop deceased, relating to the manufacture or making of such spirits commonly called Maidfone Geneva, and all and singular the said duties, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, refiric-lions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures shall be, and

228 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 60. [1793.

the same are hereby re-enacted and declared to extend to the said sir William Bifop, George Bifop* and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them, carrying on the manufacture of and making such spirits commonly called Maidfone Geneva, at Maid-Jione aforesaid, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, used, and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and Securing the said duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and Singular the said duties, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in the body of this act, for and in respect of the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and survivor of them, carrying on the manufacture of and making such spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid.

CAP. LX.

An act to enable the pojlmaster general to fend the mail to the dominions of his catholick Majesty, on board of any vessels authorised by his catholick Majesty to carry the same.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

9 Annac, c. 10.

The post m after general may fend the mail to Spain by any

WHEREAS by an aff, passed in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty £hieen Anne, intituled An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's occasions; it is provided, That if the packet or mail fall be carried out of Great Britain into any port or place beyond the fcas in any ship or vessel which is not a free ship, and navigated % vith such fearnen as by the laws of this land the same are required to be, that then, and in every such case, the pofmafer general for the time being shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, the one moiety to her Majesty, her heirs and succesors, and the other ?noiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in such manner sas therein is mentioned: and whereas it is in contemplation to establish packet boats bettveen the port cf Falmouth in England and Corunna in Spain, for the port of letters, packets, and parcels of goods, to or from his Majesty's dominions, and the dominions of his catholick Majesty; and it will tend much to the convenience of trade and commerce between the two king^ doms, if' his Majesty's pofmafer general fall be permitted to fend the packet or mail by packet boats, author fed and appointed by his catholick Majesty, whenever he fall fee occassion; be it therefore enacted by the King's moll: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the postmaster general for the time being, or persons holding the office of post-master general, and he and they are hereby authorised and impowered from time to time, and as often as he or they shall see

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6u 229

occasion, to fend the packet or mail intended for the dominions ships belong-o'f his catholick Majesty from Falmouth aforesaid, by any ship or [hoUc^Males-vessel belonging to his said catholick Majesty, and duly authoris- ty# ed and employed by him, for the purpose of carrying packets or mails between the two countries; any thing in the said hereinbefore recited act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation, of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Englander a limited time.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that spirits made for sale and Preamble* consumption in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should he made, certified, and compounded, under certain rules, regulations, -restrictions., and provisions herein after in that behalf provided; and that the several duties of excise following should be imposed, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of From July 5* July one thousand seven hundred and ninty-three, there shall be 1793> the fol-raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and bf^xafe^to^e successors, the several duties of excise herein-2fter mentioned, ( that paid in Scot-is to say); land:

Fcr and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the c°nt<Lts^of head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other every fijp for apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno- making spirits mination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam (except as can ascend), which shall be used or employed for the making or ^ere.1 er distilling of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder? ^}iere British or perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any fort materials are of Briti/lo materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or used, 9l. ala-place in Scotland, other than and except such counties and distritfts naa^74 of the highlands as are herein after particularly specified, described, and enumerated, and for which counties and districts other provisions are herein after made, there shall be charged the anr nual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon every galion, English) wine measure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other a^used, 15I, -apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno- and mination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of fifteen pounds;

0.3 for

230 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

where other For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu-^afs^s^used' ^'lca' content or capacity of each and every {till (including the ria's ars u e > j^cacj^ anc] every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can afeend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or dihilling of low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or vvafti prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and lugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of eighteen pounds:

For each gal- For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubi-Ca^ content or capacity of each and every {till (including the 0 ? head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called* or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits or strong waters, the annual sum of nine pounds.

INo person to If, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ftiH°withno person or persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, out taking out or ky any other person or persons whatever employed by him, a licence ac- her, or them, or for his, her, or their life or benefit, ereds, set up, cording to use, employ, or work, any Fill or ft ills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of lqw wines or spirits from malt, corn, or any kind of British materials aforesaid, in such parts of Scotland respectively as are herein mentioned, or for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from lugar or metafiles, or any foreign refused wine, or other foreign materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits in; any part of Scotland aforesaid, 'without first taking out a licence or licences for that purpose, in the manner mentioned and directed in and by an act made and passed in the twenty-eighth year of

a8 Geo. 3. c. 46. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act for discontinuing^for a limited, time, the ftverql duties payable in Scotland upGn tow wines and spirits, and upon worts, vjash, and other liquors there used in the dist illation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-ft xth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and {ecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; and which licences shall severally be granted by the respective persons, and in the manner directed by the said act; and the persons to whom the lame shall be respectively granted shall be subject and liable to all the rules, regulations, restrictions and provisions, forfeitures

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. 231

tures and penalties contained and provided in and by the said a relative to licences therein mentioned, except where the same shall be expressly altered by this a£L

III. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of all the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, forfeitures and* e^ndto*penalties, clauses, matters and things, contained and provided in this act*

and by the said act of the twjsfity-eighth year of his present Majesty, relative to licences therein mentioned, and for raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing, the rates or duties imposed by the said last mentioned act, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, except where the same shall be expressly altered by this act, shall be and continue in full force, and shall be extended and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution, in and for the granting licences under this at:, to all and every distiller or distillers, maker or makers, retifier or retifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, and in and for the managing, raising, levying, colleting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said rates and duties, and for recovering the penalties by this at granted, and for preventing, deteting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, regulations, restritions, provisions, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re-enated in this at.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the p^vance person or persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or byinhalments. they shall be entitled to such licence, pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the same, one fourth of the annual duty by this at imposed, for or in respet of his, her, or their still or stills specified in such licence, from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the tenth day of October following; and shall, on or before the said tenth day of October^ and so afterwards at or before the end of every two months, pay down, in ready money in advance, a sixth part of the yearly duty payable by this act in respet of such licence, until the whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above the sum paid in advance at the time of granting such licence.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such licence shall be granted to any distiller j

or distillers, maker or makers, retifier or retifiers, compounder till security be or compounders of spirits, until he, she, or they respectively shall given for pay-have found security, by bond, to his Majesty, in the penal sum ment of duty.

of one hundred pounds, with at least one sufficient surety to the satisfaction of the said of or proper colletor of excise, that he, she, or they shall make due and regular payment of the whole annual duty by this a cl imposed, on the capacity or content of their still or stills, so to bejicensed as aforesaid, at the time and times, and in the manner herein-before mentioned and directed, without any allowance, abatement or dedution, on account

232 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

of any loss, accident, or interruption that may happen during the currency or period of such licence, except in or through the destruction of the distillery anci total ft.oppage of the work; by fire, or as is herein after, or in the said act*, excepted and provided.

No licence to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-be granted for rity aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant any lu.ch li-a f cence to any distiller or distillers, maker or makers of spirits, for

be of the con- orn re^Pe(^ of any wash still which shall not, in the body therer tent less than of, and exclusive of the head, be of the content or capacity left 52-galions, nor than fifty-two gallons Qnglish wine measure; nor shall it be law-unless a low fuj to granf any such licence, for or in respedb of any wash (fill whatever, unless there shall at the same time be licensed therewith a low wine still of a content or capacity in the body thereof, exclusive of the head, not less than one fourth part of the contents or capacity of such wash still.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant any such licence to any redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounder^ of spirits, for or in respect of any still for rectifying, compounding or mixing, which shall not, in the body thereof, and exclusive of the head, be of the content or capacity less than twenty gallons English wine measure.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no licensed distiller shall use his or her {fill of stills, licensed for the distilling or making of low wines or spirits

jial^not^to^e ^roln corn> grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or used for mak- liquor made or brewed frQm any sort of Brit'ish materials, in or ing them from for the making of low wines or spirits from melailes or sugar, or melasses, &c. in or for the making of low wines or spirits from foreign refuse4 wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials; and that no licensed distiller final] use his or her still or stills, licensed for the distilling or making of low wines or spiritjs

wine still be licensed with it;

nor to a rectifier for a still which ih all not he of the content less than % o gallons.

Stills licensed for making spirits from British mate-

on penalty of aool.

from melasses or sugar, in or for the making of

low

wines of

spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials; and if any diibiller shall make uft of his or her still or stills, or any of them, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the foregoing provision, he or she, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

Stills licensed

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

for distilling of aforesaid, That no still, licensed for the distilling of wafn or low

w^r0r forc wines, or for the rectifying of spirits, shall be made use of in or rectifying of'J ° r - - '

spirits, not to

for the compounding or mixing of spirits; and that no (till, li-

fie used for censed for the compounding or mixing of spirits, shall be made compounding, use of in or for the distilling of wash or low wines, or for the SToolPena^ re<^ifyin£ spirits, on pain to forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

First licences X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to be in force every such licence to be first granted by virtue of this act to any uli October 10, distillers, rectifiers, or compounders of spirits, shall be and continue

1793 1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. 233

tinue in force from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hun-794> and af-dred and ninety-three, to the tenth day of October one thousand for

ieven hundred and ninety-four, and for no longer or shorter pe- " ^ear* riod; and every such licence to be afterwards granted by virtue of this act, shall be and continue in force from the tenth day of October yearly for one year, and for no longer or shorter period.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No licence to it shall not be lawful to grant to any compounder of spirits, or be granted to to any common brewer or victuallej*, in that part of Great Bri- Scc.for ftius*tain called Scotland, any licence for working, eresting, or keep- for distilling or ing of any still or {fills for the distilling of wash, low wines, or xe&itying, &c. spirits, or for the rectifying of spirits, so long as he, she, or they

doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the business of a compounder of spirits, or common brewer, or victualler, for brewing or felling of beer or ale in Scotland; and if Penalty for any person or persons shall, at one and the same time, carry on, ^rad^af a dif or be directly or indirectly concerned in the trade or business of tiller and a a distiller or rectifier with that of a compounder of spirits, or of common a common brewer or victualler, in that part oi Great Britain brewer at the called Scotland.\ every such person shall, for every such offence, ^me time* forfeit and lole the sum of two hundred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fresh licences That all and every person or persons who shall take out any such to be taken out first licence as aforesaid, for distilling, rectifying, or compound-

ing of spirits in Scotland, is and are hereby required to take out^ and°re-a fresh licence, ten days at lead before the tenth day of October newed yearly, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, before he, she, or they shall presume to continue to distil, rectify, or compound any spirits or strong waters, and in the same manner to renew every such licence afterwards, from year to year, under the same terms, conditions, rules, and regulations with respect to every \ new or renewed licence, as is by this act required for the first:

'licence, except as to the period between the fifth day of July pne thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, hereinbefore mentioned; and that if any person or persons shall, after penalty for the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- distilling with-thr'te, presume or offer to distil, rectify, or compound any spirits out licence, pr strong waters in Scotland, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such offenpe, the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- One licence thority aforesaid, That persons in partnership, and carrying on sufficient for a such trade, and business as aforesaid, in one house or place only, partnership, shall not b^ obliged to take out more than one such licence in^irking*" any one year, for carrying on such trade, and that no one licence only in the >yhich shall he granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or house for impower any person or persons to whom the same shall be grant- £rant*

ed, to distil a^y low wines or spirits, or to distil, rectify, or e {compound any spirits or strong waters in or at any other house

234 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l.

[1793.

or place than the houses or places wherein he, she, or they did begin to diffil, rectify, or compound low wines or spirits at the time of receiving his, her, or their licence or licences, and whereof entry in writing shall be made at the next office of excise, in the name or names of such person or persons, at the time of granting such licences.

In ease of in

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, deathC&c the upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or death of any person

of licensed as a dilfiller, rectifier, or compounder of low wines of excise in or spirits, or upon the removal of any person or persons so li-Scotland may censed from the entered house or premises in which his, her, or trad^oVe'6 t^ie^r ^cence shall authorise him, her, or them to diffil, redfify, carried on, for or compound low wines or spirits, it shall and may be lawful to the remainder and for the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, of the licence, and to and for the several collectors and supervisors of excise in rJesh&cffig' within their respective collections and distridfs, to authorise and impower the assignees of such insolvent, or factor or fadfcors, trustee or trustees of such bankrupt on his sequestrated estate, or the executors or administrators, or the wife, child, or lawful heir of such deceased person, or the assignee or assigns of any such person so removing, who shall be possessed of such house or premises, in like manner to diffil, redfify, or compound spirits in the same entered house or premises where such person, so licensed by virtue of such licence, carried on such trade, during the residue of the term for which such licence was originally granted, without taking out a new licence during the residue of the said term, but subject to and under the same terms, conditions, rules, and regulations as the person or persons to whom but if they are such licence was originally granted: provided always, That if not desirous of the said assignees, fadfors, or trustees, or the executors or ad-001 ng io, no- ministrators, or the wife, child, or lawful heir of such deceased distiller, rectifier, or compounder, shall not be desirous of work-

tice mu ft be given to the officer of excise, See.

Penalty for

neglecting to give such notice, See.

Allowance to compounders for increase by water, &c.

ing such {fill or hills, such person or persons shall, within one month after such insolvency, bankruptcy, or death, signify the same in writing to the proper supervisor, or officer of excise of tie division or distridf within which such {fill or {fills shall be fituafed, and shall, at the same time, deposit with such officer the head or heads belonging to such {till or {fills, and also such of the utensils belonging thereto as such supervisor or officer shall select, inorder to render such {fill or {fills incapable of being used; and such {fill or {fills shall not be again used until a new licence shall be granted for that purpose, and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the fubfiffing licence, to be computed from the time of giving such notice as aforesaid, shall cease; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or to deposit the head or heads, and such of the utensils of such {fill or (fills as is herein-before mentioned and directed, every such person, for every such neglect or refusal, shall forfeit and loie the sum of two hundred pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the making unto the compounders- of

235

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61.

spirits in Scotland. a fair allowance for that increase by water, fu-gar, syrup, or fruit, which is necessary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there shall be allowed permits for the fending out any number of galions, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred^, and thirty gallons of compound spirits, for every one hundred gallons of raw or rectified British spirits, which they reflectively shall have received, with authentick certificate or certificates from any distiller or rectifier of British spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Compounders

That no compounder or compounders of spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall fell or send out any British out spirits of compounds of any greater or higher degree of strength than that greater}

of one in fix under hydrometer proof; and if any such com- strength than pounder or compounders shall fell or send out any British com- ? 6 under

pounds of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of proof; one in fix under hydrometer proof, all such British compounds, together with the casks or vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty for That if any licensed distiller or rectifier, or his or her clerk or S*v*ng certifi-agent, shall fell, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to any com- £e<a the Segal pounder, dealer or retailer, any certificate or certificates by him removal of or her subscribed as in the said act is mentioned, for the purpose flock of com-of conveying or protecting any spirits in their removal from the pounders, flock or possession of any such compounder, dealer or retailer, or

other person than such licensed distiller or rectifier; or if any ^all^ufln person or persons whatever shall make use of any such certificate certificates, or certificates, except for the purpose of conveying or protecting raw or unrectified spirits in their first removal from the place of manufacture, or plain rectified spirits, unmixed and uncompounded, in their first removal from the place where they were actually rectified, every such distiller, rectifier, or other person ft offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the fuvn of fifty pounds, together with all such spirits and the package thereof, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, edby adslnow

That the several rates and duties granted and imposed by any act in force upon or acts of parliament now in force, upon low wines or spirits for low wines, &c. home consumption, or upon worts, wash, and other liquors used to cease from'in Sc*tla?d in the distillation of spirits, and upon any licence re- I 793*

quired tdjbe taken by any distiller or maker of spirits from corn,

malt, or qher materials, or by any rectifier or compounder of spirits in Sc?tlan(save only and except any arrears now due in respect of ftch rates or duties), shall be discontinued from and after the fifth\jay of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licences That, from and fter the said fifth day of July one thousand seven juty^793°to

a hundred } y

236 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

re&ifiers, to hundred and ninety-three, all licences which, before the said fifth cease on that day Of jujy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall have been granted by the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or by the collectors and fiipervifors of excise in Scotland, or any of them, to any rectifier of spirits in that part of Great Britain, by virtue of or under the authority of an act of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein mentioned, and which shall be then unexpired, shall, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, become and be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever 3 any thing in the said licences expressed, or in any act: or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

25 Geo. 3. c.

XX. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the twenty-2^, recited; jijtb year 0j ^e Yeign of his present Majesty, the commissioners of excise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland are authorised to grant licences to persons living in certain counties or dif rifts in the highlands tf/'Scotland, to difill spirits from barley, beer, or big, the growth of the said counties, and a duty was imposed on such licences: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the duty thereby imposed; be it and from Dec. further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after

1793, the the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-duty imposed three the fai(j duty

thereby imposed shall cease, determine, and on licences by J J J 1 7 7

that act to 7 be no l°nger Pa*l<^ or payable; save only and except as to any

cease. arrear or payment which may at that time remain due or unpaid

+of the said duty, or as to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred for or in respect of the said duty, upon or at any time before the said first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; anything contained in the said act, or in any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Dec. i, That upon the first day of December one thousand seven hundred of anc* n^nety-three, or as soon as may be in the course of .'hat of excise in month, and so from year to year thereafter, during the conti-Scotland may nuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the corn-grant annual^ missioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of then, by cer^hifti^cences under their hands, to authorise persons qualified within land counties, highlands of Scotland, that is to say, within the feverd coun-for distilling ties of Orkney, Caithness, Sutherland, Ross, Cromarty, jnverness, corn spirits, _ Argyll, Bute, and Nairn, and within such parts of fie several fn ^of th*" count*es of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, Forfar, Kincardine, Aber-

same, on cer- deen, Banff, and Elgin, as lie to the northward and, westward of tain condi- a certain line herein after particularly specified and described, to erect, keep, and work Hills, the cubical content >r capacity of each of which respectively shall not be less than tfrrty, nor more than forty gallons English wine measure, (incl'ding their respective heads, horns, pipes, tubes, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomin^on the same may

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l. 237

be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend)y and to distil and draw off spirits from the barley, beer, or big, of the growth of the said counties, during the term of one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the first day of Dece?nber in each year, during the continuance of this act, and to use, fell, and dispose of the spirits so distilled, on payment of a composition Or licence duty, at the rate of one pound ten Shillings for each gallon English wine measure of the content or capacity of such Hill, for the space aforesaid, and that in place of the whole rates and duties imposed on the diddling of wash, low wines, or corn spirits, and upon the malt or grain from which the spirits are extracted; but declaring that such licensed distillers, within the limits Iaft aforesaid, shall not be allowed any drawback or deduction from the above duty, on account of their or either of them having bought, from any entered maltster, any part of the mak to be used by them, and for which the legal duties upon malt have been paid or charged,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, autho- Powers of l'aft ties, methods, rules, regulations, restrictions, exceptions, provisions, clauses, matters, and things which in and by the said ajtereci to ex-last mentioned act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of tend to this his present Majesty, are contained, provided, settled, or efta- ad. blished, for granting licences to erect, keep, and work stills in that part of Scotland called the Highlands, and for raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties imposed by the said last mentioned act, for or in respect of such licences, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, and not being expressly altered by this act, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution throughout that part of Scotland called the highlands, and herein particularly described in and for the granting licences under this act, and in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said rates and duties by this act, granted, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no n0 licence to such licence shall be granted to any person to erect or work any be granted in kill under this act in the counties before mentioned, or diffrifts certain limits herein after particularly described, within ten English statute vviShfioEn^-miles of any lowland distillery, regularly entered and licensed ac- liih miles of cording to the laws of excise; and provided such entered and any lowland licensed lowland distiller or distillers shall have paid for the pre- distillery, in ceding year, duties to the extent of six hundred pounds, and is certa*n ca^8S> going on in the same business, or who, being in that business, shall require the suppression of any small kill within the distance aforesaid3 and give obligation with sufficient security that the

duty

nor to any compounder or common brewer, within certain parts of the highlands.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61.

[179

duty to be paid by the distillery carried on by him, her, or them^ shall amount to, at least, the said yearly sum of six hundred pounds, for two years then to come; the said distance to be ad-measured from place to place along the usual publick road, of over any usual ferry or passage by water.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to grant to any compounder of spirits, or to any common brewer or victualler, in that part of Scotland called the Highlands, herein after described, any licence for

working,

erecting, or keeping of any still or {tills for the distil-

Penalty for carrying on the trade of a distiller, with

ling of wash, low wines, or spirits, or for the rectifying of spirits, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the business of a compounder of spirits, or common brewer, or victualler, for brewing or felling of beer of ale in Scotland; and if any person or persons shall at one and thd same time carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned in the trade or business of a distiller or rectifier, with that of a com-thatofacom- pounder of spirits, or of a common brewer or victualler, in that pounder, &c, part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such person- shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two htindred pounds.

Duty for a still

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; of 40gallons to That, when any licence shall be taken out as last aforesaid, and be deemed a t]1€ composition duty paid for a still of forty gallons^ such duty for a*certain shall be held to be a composition for the duty on dry malt, to the

quantity of extent of two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow measure, or

dry malt, and one thousand five hundred bushels, and no more; and for the of spirits, &c. duty on the spirits manufactured in such still, to the extent of one thousand six hundred and sixty gallons English wine measure, and no more; and, when such licence shall be taken out, and the composition duty paid for any still of a lesser size, the like proportion shall be observed both as to the quantity of malt and the quantity of spirits, for which such duty shall be held to be a composition; and, that for-all malt which shall be used or made by such licensed distiller over and above the said quantity, there shall be paid by such distiller the same duties to which the entered maltster is liable at the time by the laws of excise; and for all spirits which shall be manufactured from such {tills, over and above the quantity aforesaid, there shall be paid by such distiller at and after the rate of one shilling for each gallon of such surplus spirits.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no still shall be so licensed as aforesaid, to be set up in such parts of the several counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, For-far, and Kincardine, 2s be to the eastward of a certain line, beginning at the boat of Balloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the river Leven, in the county of Dumbarton, and proceeding east-ward along the great military road, from thence to Bucklivie, in the county of Stirling; from thence in a certain line northward to Thornhill\ and from thence to Dumblane, and Auchierarder, in' the county of Perth, and from Auchierarder in a line proceeding

in

No still to be licensed in certain limits.

1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l. 239

in a north-east direction to a certain point west of the town of Perth, and distant therefrom two miles; and from thence in a line northward to the boat of Kinclaven on the river Tay, in the same county of Perth; and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrymuir, in the county of Forfar; and from Kerrymuir by the foot and south side of the Grampion Hills, till they terminate near the river Dee, within three miles to the westward of the city of Aberdeen, and excluding the same; also that no still shall be so licensed within the said limits as aforesaid to be set up within two English statute miles of any part of the boundary hereinbefore described, or in any part or place within the counties of Elgin, Banjf., or Aberdeen, not being distant from the nearest part of the sea shore more than three English statute miles; and No spirits from also that no spirits, the manufacture of such licensed stills, shall be allowed to pass out of the said limits with or without permit, thermits ° either by land or water, across the line or bounds above ex- across the prested, or from the coasts or ports of any of the counties or dif- bounds above tridfcs herein-before enumerated and described; and that all spirits expressed, distilled within the limits'before described, that shall be found fQr^tureI° pasting to or in other parts, or from the coasts of the said kingdom, either with or without permit, shall be liable to seizure by any officer or officers of customs or excise in England or Scotland respectively, and shall be forfeited and lost, together with the casks, vessels, or other packages containing the same, and also the vessels and boats, horses, and other cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removal or conveyance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such licensed distiller having in his possession, or Penalty for using a still of larger dimensions than those for which he has ob- having larger tained such licence, and paid a composition as aforesaid, shall be stills than those subject to a further duty of three pounds for each gallon such still fQ$^nde<* shall contain, over and above the quantity specified in his or her*licence; and if such surplus shall exceed three gallons Englif? wine measure, he or she shall forfeit such still, and all the utensils thereto belonging, together with his or her licence, and be liable to a penalty of forty pounds; and further, if he or she shall be convicted of having in his or her possession any still, other than that for which he or she has obtained a licence, he or she shall in like manner forfeit his or her licence, and be subject to a penalty of one hundred pounds, and such unlicensed still shall be seized and forfeited; and every licensed distiller who shall be con- and for buy-victed of buying, receiving, or using any malt or grain not the &x. grain growth of the counties above mentioned, or some one of them, shall forfeit ten shillings per bushel for all such grain or malt, and specified shall in like manner forfeit his or her still and utensils, and his or counties, her licence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no spirits shall be Spirits remor-

removed from the place at which they are distilled, within the without a limits before described, without a permit, and that all spirits car- fortcU>

rying from one place to another without permit, shall be seized

240

Distillers, &c. of spirits for

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1793.

and forfeited, with the calks, vessels, or other packages containing the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distillers who shall be desirous of

from England ma^ng or distilling* rectifying- or compounding spirits in that to Scotland, part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence and contrari-wile, to be subject to the rules of 28 Geo. 3. c. 46.

No distiller,

to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of making or distilling, rectifying or compounding spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, shall carry on such manufacture, and shall export the same under and subject to all and every the rules, regulations, provisions, and restrictions which are contained and expressed in the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty* except as herein after is otherwise expressly provided: provided always, That nothing herein See. authorised contained shall extend to permit or authorise any distiller or dif-t(f tkmTo t^lers' re<^ifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, to mak^fpidts ° enter or g*ve notice of his intention to make spirits in that part for exporta- of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to tion, unless his that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose wafti still will Hills be of cer- not contain one thousand six hundred galions, and the spirit of low wine rectifying or compounding still eight hundred and fifty gallons; nor to permit or authorise any distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, to enter or give notice of his intention to make spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of

tain capacities, &c.

Great Britain called England, whose wash still will not two hundred galions, and the spirit or low wine

rectifying

contain or

compounding still fifty gallons; neither shall any distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, be entitled or permitted to distil spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, although he, file, or they may have made an entry as aforesaid, unless he, she, or they shall actually have distilled into spirits all the wash and low wines, in his, her, or their custody or possession, for the making of spirits for home consumption, at leaf! forty-eight hours before the day mentioned in such entry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits applying for any such licence after the to paythedu- fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, titsfollowing: shall firi! pay for each such licence the several duties and sums of money following $ that is to say,

Distillers applying for licences after July 5> T793>

For each gallon of the contents of stills used in England for making spirits from British materials, for exportation to Scotland, 9I, annually.

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the clh bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed by such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain called England\ for making low wines or spirits,

from

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6r. 241

from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wash or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of Brhish materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual furii of nine pounds

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the lon> ^here head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, of ^are used^ other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or ancj) denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of fifteen pounds

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- where other bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the f?reiSn

*\ 1 r* 1*1 nils ire uiCu}

head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or 1814 other apparatus therewith' connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fieam can afeend), which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits. from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melalles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of eighteen pounds

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the Jon of ^rectify-head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or ^lS? 21* other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can afeend), which (Kail be used or employed by such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of spirits or strong waters for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual sum of nine pounds

Which said respective duties and sums of money shall be paid by Duties to be such person or persons, and at the respective times, and in the g

manneredirected by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the Geo. 3. c. 46. reign of his present Majesty.

XXXI. Provided-also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Distillers, &c, rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commis- in England, sioners of excise in England, and they are hereby authorised and entries-required, to allow and repay to all and every such distiller and portation to distillers, and maker and makers, rectifier or rectifiers, com- Scotland, and pounder or compounders of spirits, in that part of Great Britain yaking entries called England, who shall have withdrawn his, her, or their fumpbV>n, Cto" entry for making, rectifying, or compounding spirits for such be allowed an exportation as aforesaid, and shall afterwards have made^ due abatement of Vql, XXXIX. R entryhelicence

J duty, viz.

242 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

entry for making, rectifying, or compounding spirits for home consumption, in that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, for or in respect of the capacity or content of his, her, or their licensed {till or {tills, corresponding as herein after mentioned to the time during which he, she, or they, shall use or employ such his, her, or their.{till or {tills for making low wines or spirits from any of the materials aforesaid for home consumption, in that part of Great Britain called England \ (that is to say)

For each day a Hill is used in making (pints, if from British materials, 7d.and a-ioths for each gallon of its contents

if from me-lasses or sugar, is.:

if from other materials, is. ad.and 4-1 oths;

and for (tills employed in

rectifying, 7d. a-1oths.

For every day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed (till or {tills, to him, her, or them belonging, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, seven-pence and two tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such {till, including the head, so used

For every day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such {till or {tills for making low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, one shilling for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such (till, including the head, so used:

For every day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such hill or hills for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, one shilling and two-pence and four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such {till, including the head, so used

And for every day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed hill or hills to him, her, or them belonging, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits or hrong waters, for home consumption as aforesaid, seven-pence and two tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such hill, including the head, so used.

Distillers, See. in Scotland, giving notice of their intention to make spirrs for exportation to England, to be allowed a proportional abatement of the licence duty, viz.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon proof being made to their satisfaction, to allow or repay, within two months, to every distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, who shall have given or less due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, rectify, or compound spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ to that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. 243

portional abatement of the licence duty paid by such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redlifier or rediifiers, compounder or compounders, for or in respect of the capacity or content of his, her, or their still or stills, corresponding to the time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any {till or {tills for the making, testifying, or compounding of spirits for exportation, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, in the manner following; (that is to say):

For every day during which he, she, of they shall use or em- For each day-ploy any licensed ft ill or {tills for the making of low wines or a ftillis so used spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation as mate-

aforesaid, the sum of seven-pence and two tenths of a penny for rials, yd. every gallon of the cubical content of each-and every such {till, 2*ioths for including the head, so used: such &a*lon of

For every day during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such {till or {tills, for the making of low wines or fpi- or ^u* rits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for expor- gar, is.; tation as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every Such {till, including the head, so used:

For every day during which he, she, or they shall use or em- if from other ploy any such (till or {tills for the making of low wines or spirits foreign mate- from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mix- an(j 4 10 '*

ture therewith, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling and two-pence and four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such {till, including the head, so used:

And for every day during which he, she* or they shall use or for (tills em-employ any licensed {till or {tills for the rectifying, compound- ployed in rec-ing, or mixing of any kind of spirits or ftrortg waters, for ex- 7*

portation as aforesaid, the sum of seven-pence and two tenths of & penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such {till, including the -head* so used.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the produce of spirits extracted by any such distiller or distillers, betwixt the fifth day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the sixth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and so afterwards yearly, during the continuance of this act, and produced to the proper officer of excise, according to the directions of the said act, shall fall short of the proportions therein-mentioned, every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, ftie, and they is and are hereby made chargeable ith, and shall pay the following duties of excise for every gai-n of spirits which shall be deficient of the quantities in the said mentioned 3 that is to say:

R z F or

For deficiencies in the quantity of spirits for exportation, required by a 8 Geo. 3. c. 46, to be produced to the excise officer, the following duties to be paid i

244 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

For^eachgal- For every gallon of such spirits from wash prepared or made

tiih materials ^r0DV corn> grain> malt> cyder> or Perr}'5 or any sort of

3s. ad. aq.*British materials, or any mixture therewith, for extra<sting spirits

for exportation as aforesaid, three shillings and two-pence halfpenny

from melasses For every gallon of such spirits from wash prepared or made or sugar, 3s. from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extra<sting ^q. spirits for exportation as aforesaid, three shillings and sixpence

three farthings: -

and from And for every gallon of such spirits from wash prepared or

other foreign made from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash pre-IIderlaS, Pare<^ from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, five shillings and eleven-pence

and in default of payment, to forfeit double the duty.

Certain duties to be paid on spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

30 Geo. , 37*

c.

Which respective duties for such deficiencies respectively shall be paid by such distiller and distillers respectively on the day last aforesaid; and if default shall be made in any such payment, the distiller and distillers respectively making such default shall forfeit double the amount of the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of such deficiency.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for every galion, English wine measure, of spirits, of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, there shall be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an excise duty of three shillings and two-pence halfpenny; and for every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits, of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An aid to continue two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there uled in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regu Iation of the making and vending British spirits; and for difeor tinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rui

ar

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l. 245

and spirits imported from the West Indiesand for amending the said act ? made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign \ and such parts of the said acts of the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, and such parts and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, save and except the duties im- of a6 G, eo. 3. posed by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign afore- c* ?3, £ \^0# said), as were continued by the said act of the thirtieth year^3/c.

aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven 45, as were hundred and ninety-one, and by another act of the thirty-first: continued by-year of the reign aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day of July ^t the du-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall, from and tie^imposed immediately after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven by a8 Geo. hundred and ninety-three, continue in full force and effect until 30cont'nued and upon the first day of December one thousand seven hundred° ^ec> Iy and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act created or Recovery and imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by p^alties°n ° such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture F is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture (not otherwise directed by this act) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed, Duties to be (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same ex- ^xche^u^r^ cepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his carried Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said monies so paid to the Confo-into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to hdated Fund, and made part of the fund called The Consoliduted Fund.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising or to arise by the Duties to be said rates and duties, or any of them, during the continuance of JfP*

this act, shall be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's ex- monies. 1 chequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several parts of this act, from and after the respective Continuance times appointed for the commencement thereof, shall continue of the act. in force until and upon the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. [1793.

CAP. LXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[June 17, 1793 ]

675, 000b to be raised by a lottery, and subscribers to deposit 1l.5S. for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified, viz. ih 5s. by July 5, 1793; _ab by August9; — 2, 1. by September 13 2l. by October 22 2l. by Decem-

ber 6 and the remaining 3b by January 14, 1794; and the contributors for each 13b 10s. advanced, shall be intitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before the time limited, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13l. 10s. each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000b the amount of the prizes to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in Tickets not disposed of to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk, and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 5o, cco tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate

tickets.--- One prize of 30, 000b--2 of 20, 000b--3 of 10, 000l.---5

of 5, 000k--10 of 2, 000b--- if5 of 1,000b---30 of 500l.---100 of 100b

- 200 of 50b--and 15, 150 of 20b--i, ooool. to the first drawn, and

[Proviso.]

1, ooool. to the last drawn tickets. Tickets in the outermost: column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 17, 1794. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. No attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, loss Of dower, or dilherifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath.

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, do swear, that I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13l. 10s. paid. After July 5, 1793, the cashier fnay deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after deduding the value of the tickets lb delivered. Contributors not making good their payments v/ithin the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they shall think fit. The 500, 000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session 5

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.

and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July i, 1794. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed. &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies, or for any receipts. See. on penalty of 20l. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed by the of of stamps, to provide books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only, on account of licensed lottery offices, and only one for each. 5l. penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, See. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence, may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50l. penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, &c. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing irx lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited 50 whole undrawn tickets. Persons to whom licences are granted, to give bond, agreeable to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of 12 months after the expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds, or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares 50 tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void; in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act, shall be void, for offences against this act 3 & 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. 20l. penalty on persons continuing on their houses, the words, " Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, ' after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, Sec. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths and sixteenths, on penalty of 30l. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of shares of tickets.

y ^OTTERY for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three*

(or as the share may be)

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

The bearer of this share will be entitled to ope part of such beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign. Persons counterfeiting shares, &c, guilty. PerfoPs having in their custody any register, or lift of tickets, but as particularised in this act; or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than a numerical lift, Sec. to forfeit 50l. On complaint ou oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons employed by the of of stamp duties to break open houses, Sec. Persons discovered in such houses, concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, Sec. Penalty on persons ob- structing officers. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant not to be arrested, but served personally with a copy of process, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds, may be committed to the house of correction for not less than one month, nor more than six months. No certiorari.

(An Half)

Ticket, No.

C A p.

24$

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1793.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to permit goods and commodities of the production,

manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

[June T 7 > 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twentieth year of the

[Preamble.]

ao Geo. 3. c. TV reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to allow the 6) recited. trade between Ireland and the Britisi.b colonies and plantations in America and the Wcfl Indies, and the British settlements on the coast of Africa, to be carried on in like manner as it is now carried on' between Great Britain and the said colonies and settle- ments, it is, among ether things, enacted, That any goods, wares, or merchandize> of the growth, produCi, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coafi of Africa, and which by any act or acts of parliament are required to be imported from such colonies, plantations, or settlements, into Great Britain \ and also any other goods which, having been in any way legally imported into the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britain, shall and may be laden in and exported fro?n such colonies, plantations, or settlements respectively, and in like manner imported directly from thence into the kingdom of Ireland: and whereas it is expedient to permit and allow, in the manner herein mentioned, the importation into Great Britain from Ireland, of such goods, so imported into Ireland from the said colonies, plantations, and settlements, and likewise of other goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported, into Ireland: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Goods legally authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Inland6 from° and may iaw^ui to imPort into Great Britain from

America, See. Ireland, in British or Irish-built ships, owned, navigated, and may be im- registered according to law, any goods which have been import-ported into ed into Ireland from the aforesaid colonies, plantations, or settle-Sm^ence n ments5 by virtue of the said recited act, or any other act or acts in British or of parliament; and also to import in the same manner, and sub-Irish-built jed to the same rules, regulations, provisions, and restrictions, ships, owned, as the like goods may by law be imported into Great Britain to^awC'01 from ffM') Africa, or America, any other goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland $ any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

provided the 1L provided always. That, on the importation of goods, Tcoiiilitc cer-^( '*o f

tiftcates from wares, and merchandize, of the growth, product, or manufac-

the revenue ture of the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, from Ire-officers be land into Great Britain, the same shall be accompanied with the produced. jj]ce

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63J 249

like documents and certificates from the respective revenue officers there, as are or hereafter may be required by law for the like fort of goods imported from thence directly into Great Britain, except as herein is provided; and the said officers respectively are hereby authorised and required, on the exportation of such goods from the said colonies, plantations, and settlements respectively, for the kingdom of Ireland, to grant the like documents and certificates as they now are or hereafter may be required by law to grant on the exportation thereof for Great Britain directly, under the penalties and forfeitures now by law infixed and incurred, or hereafter to be indicated and incurred, on failure thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any ship or vessel Such goods, if shall arrive from any port or place in Ireland at any port in Great Britain, laden with any such goods, and the same shall not be original do-accompanied with such original documents and certificates from cuments, to the respective officers in the said colonies, plantations, and set- be dealt with tlements respectively, as now are or hereafter may be required by ^f^direS-law on the importation thereof into Great Britain, directly from jy to Great the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, except as herein is Britain from provided, such goods shall be dealt with in such manner as they the colonies, now are, or hereafter may be liable by law to be dealt with on importation diredfly into Great Britain, from the said colonies, plantations, or settlements respectively, unaccompanied with such documents or certificates.

IV. Provided also, That in case only part of any such goods, If only part included in any document or certificate from the said respective the goods officers in the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, shall at

any time be shipped or exported from the said kingdom of Ireland exported to (of Great Britain, and the actual quantity and particular forts of Great Britain, the goods shipped shall be truly and correctly endorsed on such an indorse-document or certificate by the proper officers of the revenue of customs in Ireland, such goods shall and may be admitted to en- tity shipped try and payment of duty in Great Britain; and, in like manner, shall be i'uffi-the remainder of such goods shall also be admitted to entry and cient, See. payment of duty in Great Britain, if the same shall be accompanied with a certificate from the proper officers of the revenue of customs in Ireland, extracted from a register of the original document or certificate, specifying the quantity before shipped and exported from thence, at what time, by what vessel, and from what port in Ireland exported, and for what port in Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Rafter of the master, or other person taking charge of any ship or vessel o-01*

importing such goods from Ireland, shall, on his arrival in Great from n^and, Britain, deliver to the collector, comptroller, or other chief to deliver to officer of the customs, at the port of arrival, at or before entry the officer of of the said goods, all documents and certificates required by this the port of

2.<St; and at the same time shall make oath, before the said col- arrival, the ledfor, comptroller, or other chief officer (who are hereby re- requisite do-c^uired to administer the same), that the casks, pareels, and goods cuments, &c.

mentioned

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1793.

mentioned in such documents and certificates respectively are the same casks, pareels, and goods as were taken on board such ship or vessel in Ireland,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such goods as shall be imported, by virtue of this act, from Ireland, shall be considered, with respect to duties, drawbacks,

considered as bounties, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and for-if directly im- feitures, as if imported from the said respective colonies, plantar ported from tions, apd settlements, directly into Great Britain.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to permit or allow of the importation from Ireland, into Great Britain, of any goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, production, or manufac-

25Q

Such goods, with respect to duties, &c. to be

the colonies, See.

Act not to permit the importation

company s trade.

of goods pro- ture of the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of the within the* exclusive trade of the united company of merchants of England limits of the trading to the East Indies; any thing herein contained to the con-East India trary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this

hcationd*anc^ may Pr°fecuted, recovered, and dif-

penaltfe$°n ° P°^e<^n Lch manner, and by such ways, means, and methods as any penalties incurred, or any goods or vessels forfeited, for any offence against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be in titled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law intitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation intitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. LX IV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the seventh and eighth years of King William the Thirds intituled An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members, so far as relates to the publication of notices of the time and place of election, — [June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the fevetith and 7 & 8 Gul. 3. eighth years of the late King William the Third, (intituled An 25- act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members), it is enacted, That the proper officers therein mentioned.\ shall\ upon the receipt ofi precepts fior the election ofi ?nembers to serve in parliament, forthwith cause publick notice to be given of the time and place of election, and shall proceed to election thereupon within the.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 251.

time by the said act limited, and give four days notice at leaf of the-day appointed for the election; but it is not in the said act specified at what time or within what hours of the day it shall be incumbent on the proper officer to give such public k notice as aforesaid: and whereas^ by reason of such uncertainty, great inconveniencies may arise from the undue pr a ft ices of returning officers and others: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all notices to be the

given of the time and place of any eledipn for members to serve ofel^ions^ in parliament, shall be publickly given at the usual place or for members places within the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon of parliament and four of the clock in the afternoon, from the twenty-fifth to.^S*ven.day of October to the twenty-fifth day of March incjufive, and certai

within the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon and fix of the clock in the afternoon from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-fifth day of October inclusive, and not otherwise; and that no notice to be given of the time and place of elections <?f members to serve in parliament shall be deemed or taken to be a good or valid notice for any purposes, or to any efted whatsoever, which shall not be made and published in the manner and within the time of day aforesaid; any law, statute, itsage, or culiorn to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXV.

An act to amend an o.S?, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his pre-

[Preamble.]

sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the

importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the

duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British recked! corn exported, it is, among other things, enacted, That the receiver of corn returns appointed in pursuance of the said eft /half and he is thereby required, at the end of every week, to make up, compute, and difinguish, from and upon the returns by him received, pursuant to the directions of the said act, in the week immediately preceding, an account of the general aggregate quantities, according to tpe respective ?neafures in table (D), and prices of each respective fort of British corn and oatmeal that fall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during such week, in each respective difrift; the account of which returns, and of the said aggregate quantities and prices, he is thereby required to enter in a hook or books to be kept for that purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average price of each respective fort of corn and oatmeal fold and delivered during such week j and the said receiver of corn returns is9thereby

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

thereby directed, without delay, to transmit to the collectors, or other chief officers of the customs for the time being, of the several ports or places within each such disirid, a certificate of the average prices of each respective fort of British corn, so made up and computed from the returns of such disirid; and the said respective collectors and other chief officers are thereby required to receive and enter the fa?ne in a book or books to be kept for that pitrpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some publick place in the custom house thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort and the exportation of each fort of British corn and other articles as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, within that disirid, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in manner therein-before directed, until new average prices shall in like manner be ? made up and computed, and a certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers, and be by them received\ and that the said receiver of corn retur?is shall, and he is thereby required, within seven days after the fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and within seven days after the fifteenth day of February, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of August, and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every fucc ee ding year, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the fix lafi weekly returns by him received, pursuant to the directions of the said act, immediately preceding such respective periods, an account of the general aggregate quantities, according to the respective measures in table (D), and prices of each respective fort of British corn and of oatmeal that shall appear to have beenJold and delivered in and during such six weeks in each respective disirid; an account of which returns, and the said aggregate quantities and prices, he is thereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average prices of each respective fort of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered during the several periods before mentioned within each respective district; and the said receiver of corn returns is thereby directed, without delay, to transmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the customs of the several ports or places in each district a certificate of the average prices of the several forts of corn and of oatmeal, ? made up and computed from the returns of such disirid; and the said respective collectors and other chief officers are thereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some publick place in the custom house thereto belonging, to luhich all persons may resort; and the importation of each Jort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duty thereon, within that district, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in the manner therein-before directed^ until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to such collectors or other chief officers, and be by them received: and whereas it is expedient that the said average prices directed to be made up and computed at the end of every week, and the said average prices directed to be made up and computed from and upon the fix lafi weekly returns as aforesaid, should be made up, computed, and distinguished in a different

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65, 253

manner in that part of Great Britain called England; be it therefore enacted jby the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, -g ] G^c W* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ^AG

That the said recited clauses be, and they are hereby repealed. Recited clau-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth ^es iePeakd.

day of Jime one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the Receive'r of J / 7 corn returns

said receiver of corn returns mall, and he is hereby required, atto ma^e up

the end of every week, to make up and compute from the re- the weekly turns by him received, pursuant to the directions of the said act, average prices of the quantities and prices of the several forts of British corn oatmeal fold and of oatmeal fold and delivered in the week immediately pre- in eac|1 Of the ceding, in each of the cities and towns appointed by the said towns in Eng-aft in the respective districts of that part of Great Britain called appoint-England, the average price, according to the respective measures ^fte^a^e in table (D), of each respective fort of corn and of oatmeal in to transmit each such city or town; which returns, and average prices, he the average is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for prices in each, that purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average Q^c^o/the price of each respective fort of corn and of oatmeal fold and de- customs at the livered during such week in each district, by taking the average of several places' the average prices, ascertained as above directed, in each city as the rule for or town within each such district from whence returns shall have ^PortatK>n> been received pursuant to the directions of this act; and the said receiver of corn returns is hereby directed, without delay, to transmit to the collectors, or other chief officers of the customs for the time being, of the several ports or places within each such district, a certificate of the average prices of each respective fort of British corn and of oatmeal, so made up and computed; and the said respective collectors and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and enter the same In a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some publick place in the custom house thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort; and the exportation of each fort of British corn and other articles as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that district, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof ffitfli be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn Receiver of

returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven days after corn returns

the fifteenth day of August, within seven days after the fifteenth cnods

day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, ^averageo S

and within seven days after the fifteenth day of February, the prices of corn

fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of August, and the fif- and oatmeal

teenth day of November in each and every succeeding year, to make up and compute, from the fix last weekly certificates by weej.s>

him transmitted, according to the directions of this act, to the and transmit

respective collectors, and other chief officers of the customs in the same to the

each respective district in that part of Great Britain called Eng- ^e, v.t, ra^ °^lctrs i r ., 6 j of thecuttomb,

I: nil,

importation,

See.

I54 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65.

[179^'

as the rule for land., the average price of each respective fort of corn and of oatmeal during the said six weeks in each such district; and the said receiver of corn returns is hereby diretfied, without delay, to transmit to the collectors and other chief officers of the customs of the several ports or places in each district, a cer-J tificate of the average prices of the several forts of corn and of oatmeal, made up and computed as above directed; and the said respective collectors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some publick place in the custom house thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort; and the importation of each fort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duty thereon within that district:, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to such collectors or other chief officers, and be by them received.

IV. And whereas^by the aforesaid act, the receiver of cor ft returns is directed7 in case a sufficient number of returns, conformable to the directions of the said act7 fall not be made fro?n any one or more of the said, districts7 nor a copy of the account of the average prices of the several forts of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered within the city of London and suburbt thereof to compute from the quantities and prices of the several forts of corn and of oatmeal, in the accounts returned to him from all the other parte of the kingdom^ the average price of each jort of corn and of oatmeal, and to transmit a certificate thereof to the collectors or chief officers of the ports of every such district, from which sufficient returns shall not have been made: by which certificate the importation and exportation of corn and other articles shall be regulated in every such distridy till a new certificate he received by such officers: and whereas, by reason of the different manners of ascertaining the price of corn established by the said aCiy and the different periods at which the same are directed to be ascertained in different parts of the kingdom, doubts have arisen as ta the manner in which the said receiver ought to compute the said general average price of corn and of oatmeal in the whole kingdom: and whereas, by reason of the different periods at which the said price is directed to be ascertained in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in that part of Great Britain called England, difficulties must arise in computing the general average price of the whole kingdom; be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn re-toVnfert^in the turns shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make up Gazette the and compute, at the end of every week, from the average prices of the several forts of corn and of oatmeal returned to him in the

Receiver of corn returns

weekly average prices of corn and oatmeal in each county, and the general aggregate prices in

week immediately preceding, from each city and town in each respective county, whether inland or maritime, in that part of Great Britain called England, (such average prices being ascertained and computed in manner before respectively directed in the said act and in this act), the average price of each fort of corn and of oatmeal in each county; and further, to makeup and

Compute,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. 255

compute, at the end of every week, from the average of the England, and county prices so ascertained, the general average price of each the like ave-fort of corn and of oatmeal in England., and to cause the same [^Scotland respectively to be published in The London Gazette once in every monthly, week; and also to make up and compute monthly, from the returns received by him monthly from the sheriff or sheriff depute in each county, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the average price of each fort of corn and of oatmeal during the four preceding weeks in each such county; and further, to make up and compute from the average of the county prices so ascertained, the general average price of each fort of corn and of oa.tmea! in Scotlands, during the four preceding weeks, and to cause the same respectively to be published in The London Gazette once in every month.

V. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient number of In cafeafuffi-

returns, conformable to the directions of the said add, shall not cient number

be made from any one or more of the districts in England or in t ietu

/-» 7 r r'1 r r, 6 r, mail not be

Scotland respectively, or in cale no copy of the account or the made from any

average prices of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered within districts, the

the city of London, and suburbs thereof, be transmitted to the receiver of

receiver of corn returns by the inspector appointed for the said corn returns r T 1 r 3 r r, to transmit a

city of London, or in cale any tort or corn or oatmeal should be certificate of

entirely omitted in all the returns of any district, or in the said the general account received from the inspector for the city of London, the average prices said receiver of corn returns shall and he is hereby authorised^ci^oms

and required, in every such case, to transmit a certificate of the therein, as the general average price of each fort of corn or of oatmeal, or of rule for im-any sort of corn or of oatmeal which may have been omitted as portation and aforesaid, computed as above directed, for England and for Scot- exportation* land respectively, as the case may be, to the collectors or other chief officers of the ports of every such district in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may be; and according to such average prices contained in such certificate the importation and exportation of corn and other articles shall be regulated in every such district, till a new certificate be received by such officers; any thing in the before mentioned add, passed in the thirty-firffi year of his present Majesty's reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by the aforesaid act it is enabled, That his Ma- Clause 70 of fifty, his heirs and successors, be ayid he and they is and are thereby 31 Gep- 3* c-authorised, with the advice of his and their privy council, at any ^ndRepealed time when parliament is not fitting, and when the average price of any sort of corn or of oatmeal, taken from the returns of the whole kingdom, is higher than the price at or above which foreign corn, meal, or flour, of the same fort, is allowed by law to be imported at the low duties specified in table (D) in the said act, to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the exportation from this kingdom of any sort of corn or other articles as aforesaid, and in like manner to permit generally the importation, on the lowest duties then payable, of any sort of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and in like manner to recall such prohibition or permission, if circumstances shall appeal' so to require:

permit the importation, or taking from warehouses foreign corn, &c. for home coni'u mpti on in certain

256 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

and if any person shall import or export any corn or other articles as aforesaid, contrary to fuel? prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person so importing or exporting the same shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures a?id penalties, and the said corn or other articles, and the ship. or vessel in which the fa?ne shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, as if the said corn or other articles were imported or exported contrary to the provisions of that or any other alt: provided always, 'That as often as the importation of any sort of corn, meal or flour, on the low duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, such permission shall continue in force for the space of three months at leaf from the date of the order of council made council^ma^ '°T Purpose) be it further enacted, That the said provision be,

prohibit The an<^ t^e ^ame IS ^ere^y repealed; and that it shall and may be

exportation of lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they corn, &c. or is and are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or their privy council, at any time when the general average price of any sort of corn or of oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the price at or above which foreign corn, meal, or flour* of the same fort, is allowed by law to be imported from Ireland, or the province of hiebec, or the other British colonies and plantations in North America, at the first low duties specified in the table marked (E) in the said act, to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the exportation from England or Scotland reflectively, as the case may be, of any such fort of corn or other articles as aforesaid; and in like manner, at any time when the average price of any sort of corn or of oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively taken as herein-before directed, shall appear to be at or above the price at or above which foreign corn, meal* or flour of the same fort is allowed by law to be imported from any other foreign country, at the first low duty specified in the said table marked (£), to permit generally the importation into England or Scotland respectively, as the Case may be, or the taking out of warehouse for home consumption, of any such fort of foreign coni, meal, or flour, on payment of the second low duty only, and no other, and in like manner to recall such prohibition or permission, if circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any person shall import or export any corn or other articles as aforesaid, contrary to such prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person 10 importing or exporting the same shall bef subject and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the said corn or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to' the like forfeitures as if the said corn or other articles were imported or exported contrary to the provisions of this or any Permission for other act: provided always, That as often as the importation of importing any sort of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties, shall be

coin, &c. to permitted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with

continue 3* J J - /

mourns. tac

Penalty for importing or exporting contrary hereto.

tygS'l Anrto fegrii tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5. 257

the advice of his or their privy council, such permission shall continue in force for the space of three months at lead from the date of the order of council made for that purpose, unless such order be made before the thirtieth day of June one thousand ti seven hundred and ninety-three.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the The exPort*-

power hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, cc^rn °&cr^gn with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the warehoused exportation from England and Scotland respectively, of any fort agreeably to of corn and other articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be recited acts, condrued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or Hour, that e

shall have been imported, and shall be warehoused in manner

and on the conditions mentioned in the said act passed in the thirty-Hrd year of his present Majesty's reign.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every His Mflefty in such case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs council may and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to Permit the permit the carrying coadwife, or carrying out, or the exportation of the several forts of corn, and other articles herein-before corn, for the

mentioned, for any of the purposes mentioned in the said act or purposesmen*

in this act, in like manner, and in the same proportions and tlo'?ed, n the.

quantities* and from and to the same ports and places, as is by ^thoug?13

the said add or by this present a St allowed, at such times as any prohibited to

of the several forts of corn or othep articles before mentioned, be exported

are prohibited to be exported, by reason of the price of any °n account of such fort of corn beins; at or above the price mentioned in table^Prip?being o 1 or aoove

(B), in the said act contained, subject to the like securities, con- the price men-

ditions, regulations and redrictions, forfeitures and penalties as tinned in ta-

are by that act, or by any other act now in force in any such ble (B) of re-

case required and imposed. Clted a(^'

IX. Provided also, That if any person or persons shall have The quantity entered outwards any corn or other articles as aforesaid, and dipped of corn* shall have begun to ship or lay the same on board before such ^twards^ prohibition to export shall be made, it shall be lawful for h s and begun to Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, by and with the advice of his be flipped beer their privy council, if he or they shall think fit, to permit Tore prohibi-the exportation of such corn or other articles actually dripped or permitted tef laden on board, or so much thereof expressed in such entry, as be exported, shall have been so shipped or laden on. board at the time of the

date of such prohibition, to export in the same manner as if such prohibition to export had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That copies of such orders Orders in made by his Majesty in council for the purposes aforesaid, if council to be made when parliament is fitting, be laid before both houses of parliament within three days after the same shall have been issued

and if made when parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting f the next session of parliament.

XI. An I whereas doubts have anjen^ whether wheats and the fe- From July 15, veral articles enumerated in table (A) in the saidean, according 1793 > ro arti-

Oort

cles in table

to the directions of the said act, be removed coajhvifeffro.-n a

where the exportation is allowed unibout any bounty, to a port from ^ited acb to

Vol. XXXIX. S whence be carried

25S Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

coastwise from whence the same may he exported with the allowance of houn ty; be

any port it enacted, That from and after the fifteenth day of July one where expor-, J/

tation is al- thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, none of the articles

lowed without enumerated in table (A) in the said recited act shall be removed bounty to any or carried coastwise from any port where the exportation is allowed without bounty, to a port from whence the same may, according to the directions of the said act, be exported with the allowance of bounty, under the penalty of the forfeiture of such articles as shall be removed or carried coastwise contrary to the directions of this act: provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any of the said articles from being removed or carried coastwise from any port where the exportation is allowed without bounty, and landed in any port where, at the time

port where bounty is allowed, on penalty of forfeiture

but not to extend to articles not arriving till bounty is allowed, if it was not allowed at the time of shipping.

of the vessel's arriving, the exportation shall be permitted with the allowance of bounty, if it shall appear by the coast document that the exportation of such article was there allowed without bounty at the time when the same was actually shipped to be removed or carried coastwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That malt shall be permitted to be carried coastwise, or other wise conveyed from any port in Great Britain, where the exportation thereof, according to the regulations of the said act, is not allowed at the time that the said malt was actually shipped, and be landed or unshipped at

Malt may be carried coastwise from p, orts where exportation is not allowed

to port^where any other P°rt of Great Britain, from whence the same, ac-it may be ex- cording to the regulations of the said act, may then be exported, or from any port where the exportation thereof is allowed without bounty at the time that the said malt was actually shipped, and landed or unshipped at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the same may be exported with the allowance of bounty, any thing in the said act, or in this act, to the con-bount^iTal^ trary notwithstanding: provided always, That due proof be first lovveV &c.'ma(Je tfiat the duty of excise has been paid or charged upon the ? said malt, and that the fnipper thereof enter into proper securi-

ties for carrying the same coastwise.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to permit at all times the Seed corn may carrying of feed corn coastwise\ be it therefore enacted, That A it shall and may be lawful for any person to ship and carry coastwise, at any time, feed corn, any thing in this act, or in the the said act, or in any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, in case such corn shall be prohibited to be exported, that during such prohibition, on the carrying of such corn coastwise, bond shall be given,

ported, and from ports where exportation is allowed without bounty,

be carried coastwise, &c. on certain conditions.

3, % Geo. 3.

50.

pursuant to the directions of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act for the rtlief of the coast trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain coast documents from stamp duties; for abolishing the bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coastwise to be transhipped into lighters for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde;,) and such corn shall, on the shipping or removal coastwise, be subject

and

1793 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. 259

and liable to all such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enacted and provided in the said I aft recited act, on the shipping and removal of goods carried coastwise.

XIV. And in order to a [certain that the corn to be shipped coastwise is feed corn, bef it farther enacted, That the person in- Oath to be tending to fiiip the same shall before shipping verify upon oath, before the collector, comptroller, or chief officer of the customs IS ce (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) that the corn is feed corn, and intended for the purpose of being used as feed corn, and for no other purpose whatever; and such Bond to be gi-person shall also give bond (to remain in force twelve months) ven that itfhail that the said corn shall be used as feed corn, and for no other not be used

purpose whatever, such bond to

be giv

r!

3ii to his Majesty, his

for any other

heirs and successors, in treble the value of the corn, and to he 131^taken by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs; and in case such corn shall be used for any other pur- Penalty, pole than as feed corn, the bond shall be forfeited, and the person so using such corn shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XV. And whereas, by the said act paffiedjn the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Ma]ejly, the exportation of oatmeal is governed and regulated according to the price of oats; and it is expedient that the exportation thereof should be governed and regulated

according to the price of oatmeal: be it therefore enacted, That When oatmeal whenever the price of oatmeal, taken and ascertained according dmllbe under to the rules, regulations, and restrictions in the said act made Q^ty of*and provided with respect to oats, shall be under thirteen shillings £Cp tobe per boll, there shall be allowed and paid on the exportation of paidonexpor-such oatmeal in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and re- tation; but giftered according to law, a bounty of one shilling and fix- ported when pence for every such boll; and whenever the price of oatmeal, at Qr above taken as aforesaid, shall be at or above fourteen shillings per 14s except as boll, then the same shall not be exported, or loaden or laid onet ta-

board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, except re-

to the places from the ports and in the quantities mentioned and set forth in table (C) in the said recited act, under the penalties and forfeitures in the said act made and provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such oatmeal shall be subject and liable to all the rules, Such oatmeal

regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, on the re-

e ., 7 rr, r i ii-ii 1 to the rules 01

moval or fmpping thereof, as oatmeal is lubj-ect and liable to by 31 Qto 3>

virtue of the said act passed in the thirty-fii ft year of his pre- c. 30, See.

sent Majesty's reign, and of this present act, and also the said recited act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVII. And whereas the quantity of corn and other articles permitted by the aforesaid act to be exported in one year to Hudson's Bay, as often as the prices of the different forts of corn are at or above the prices contained in the table (B) in the said aft, have been found inefficient \ be it further enacted, That as often as tine ^.': en prices of corn or other articles shall be at or above the prices

contained in the said table (R), it shall and may be lawful to or above the

S 2 export prices in ta«

260 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

ble(B) of re* export from the port of London to Hudson's Bay, for the benefit

cited act, cer-^Hudson's Bay company, and their servants residing the re, tain quantities.J r J, /., ^r

maybe ex- any quantity of corn and other articles, not exceeding nve hun-

ported to dred tons of wheat, meal, or flour, nor one thousand quarters of

Hudson's Bay, oats, oatmeal, grots, barley, peas, beans, malt, and biscuit, in, one year, under the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions provided in the said act respecting corn and other articles so exported to Hudjons Bay, for the benefit of the Hudson's Bay company, and their servants residing the re, and also to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Sierra Leone, prices of the different forts of corn shall be at or above the prices

contained in the said table (B), it shall be lawful to export from the port of London to the settlement of Sierra Leone, for the benefit of the Sierra Leone company, and the settlers residing the re, any quantity of corn, not exceeding twenty-one tons of wheat flour or oatmeal, and twenty-five quarters of barley and peas, in one year, under the like rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions as are provided in the said act respecting corn and other articles so exported to the British forts, castles, or factories in Africa, by the committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa.

XIX. And whereas by the said act. it is enacted, That it Jshall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy counci/, during such times as parliament floall not be fittings in certain cases, to allow, in addition to the quantities specifed in table (C) in the fuel aft, the exportation of any of the foi'ts of corny or of the other articles in the said act before mentioned, not exceeding a limited quantity in any one year: and whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should have the same power during such ti?ne as parliament shall In cases of be fitting: be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his war. See. his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, at all Majesty in times, in cases of war, hurricane, dearth, or sudden distress, to council may allow, in addition to the quantities specified in the same table additional11 (^) an<^n addition to the quantities herein-before permitted to quantities of exported to Hudson's Bay and to the settlement of Sierra corn, &c.to Leone, the exportation of any of the forts of corn, or of the he exported, other articles aforesaid, in any quantities not exceeding six thousand quarters of each of the several forts of urrground corn, and three thousand tons of each of the several forts of ground corn or biscuit in any one year, under the same rules and regulations, conditions and restrictions, in such case provided in the said a St passed in the thirty-fir A year of his present Majesty's reign, or in this present act.

XX. And whereas the allowance of twenty J.billings given by the said act passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, to the fhcrijf and ftcvjart deputes in Scotland for each monthly return made by them of the prices of corn and of oatmeal within their respective dftriftsy is not fuss dent to defray the expences incurred by them in summoning juries and vntnesses, and paying the officers and idsfor tkar trouble in carrying the said left-mentioned act into execution

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 261

tion; be it further enacted, That the said sheriff and stewart Sheriff and deputes, over and above the fuin of twenty shillings allowed to them by the said last mentioned a ft, for making out each re- Jan(j to charge turn, shall be entitled to charge in their accounts in the ex- their actual chequer in Scotland, the real and actual expences incurred by expences. them from and since the commencement of the said last mentioned act, or shall be hereafter incurred in summoning juries and witnesses, and in carrying the said last mentioned act into execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Corn, See. shall arrive at Borroiufoness, laden with corn, meal, or flour de-ftined for the west coast of Scotland, and that the importer, conveyed from proprietor, or consignee thereof, or his agent, shall be desirous Borrowstoness to convey such corn, meal, or flour, in lighters, by or through through the the canal called The Forth and Clyde Canal Navigation, to any port Forth and or creek at the west end of the said canal, or on the west coast to^the welt* of Scotland, such corn, meal, or flour may then be imported Coalt of Scot-on payment of the duties called The Low Duties; and it land on p.\y-shall and may be lawful to unship such corn, meal, or flour into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the same by or through the said canal to such port or creek as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the like conditions, regulations, feciirities, and restrictions, in all respects, as corn, meal, or flour which shall be unshipped at Grangemouth in the county of Stirlings to be conveyed by the said canal in lighters to any such port or creek as aforesaid, at the west end of the said canal, or on the west cqaft of jScotland^ is made subject to by the said act, or by an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the cocjl trade of^o°^Great Britain; for exempting certain coaf documents from samp duties y for abolishing the bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coaf wife to be transhipped into lighters, for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS divers injurious proceedings have lately been had

[Preamble.]

in France, in derogation of the honour of his Majesty's crownx and of the just rights of his subjects: and whereas fever a I unjuf seizures, have been there made of the J, hips and goods of his

Majests subjects^ contrary to the laws of nations, and to the faith

of treaties: and whereas the said acts of unprovoked hofility have been followed by an open declaration of war againf his Majesty's and

his ally the republick of the United Provinces: and whereas his Order in

Majesty, by order in council, dated the eleventh day of February one °x

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, was pleased to order, that '*

general reprisals be granted' againf the ships, goods y and subjects of

F ranee, Jo that as well his Majesty's feet and ships, as also all

ither ships and vessels that should be commissionated by letter* of marque,

S3

by

162 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1793.

or general reprijals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Geat Britain, shall and lawfully may seize all flips, vessels and goods belonging to France, or to any persons beingfidjetis of France, or inhabiting within any of the territories of France, and bring the same to judgement: novj for the encouragement of the officers andfeamen of his Majesty's flips of zuar, and of the owners and officers and fiamen of all other British Jlvps and vessels having commissions or letters of marque; and for inducing all Frill fa fiamen, who may be in any foreign service, to re-tarn into this kingdom, and become jerviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effefinal securing and extending the trade of his Ma* jefiys subjects, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Officers and and by the authority of the same, That the flag officers, corn-

men of his manders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on

Majesty's ships board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the foie interest and property of all in and and every ship, vessel, goods and merchandizes which they have taken since the eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety* which maybe three, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hoftili-

of war to have all ships and cargoes takm, or

taken, since Feb. 11, 1793 divided agr.ee ably to proclamation of April 17,

m 3*

ties against France, after the same shall have been adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America y or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorised to take cognizance of such captures, to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his proclamation of the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamations to be issued for those purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majesty's service, who shall take any fortress upon the land, or in zn^Si any arms> ammunition, flores of war, goods, merchandize, and cretkVeiciid- treasure belonging to the slate, or to any publick trading compan}', ed thereby, of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, upon the land,

ftc. or any ship or vessel, cr merchandizes laden on board the same,

in any creek, river, haven or road, belonging to and defended by the said fortress upon the land, shall have the foie interest anc} property of and in all and every such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, flores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty, duly authorised as aforesaid, (which courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cases of prize), to be distributed by his Majesty in such proportions and manner as herein-before is mentioned.

Where the na

XII. Provided always nevertheless, That in all conjtindl expedi-vy and army tjons of^naVy and army against any such fortress upon the land,

or to be entitled to arms, taken in any fortress upon land.

a & jointly

settle the di* viQon, See.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 263

directed by instructions from his Majesty, the flag and general offi-a£ajnft a for-cers and commanders, and other officers, seamen marines, and tl^[-0tI|1^pr°* soldiers, acting in such conjunct expedition, shall have such pro- prizes to be as portionable interest and property as his Majesty, under his sign his Majesty manual, shall think fit to order and direct, in all and every the arms, shall direct; ammunition, stores of war, goods, merchandizes, and treasure, belonging to the state, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, which shall be found in any such fortress, and also in all and every ship and ships, vessel and vessels, with their arms, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all and every the merchandize and other effects on board, which shall be captured in any road, haven, river, or creek, belonging to and defended by such fortress, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize.

IV. Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That if no in- but if no in-

structions shall have been given by his Majesty for the division Rytidtions are of the ships, goods, and merchandizes, to be captured in any Jhe '

expedition against any fortress on the land, it shall be lawful respective

for the respective commanders in chief of the fleet and of the commanders army employed, to make agreements in writing for the division of the ships, goods, and merchandizes so to be taken, between the Paid fleet and army, which agreements being approved and confirmed by his Majesty, shall be binding on all persons, and the {hare assigned to the fleet by such' agreement shall be distributed therein according to his Majesty's proclamation, and the share assigned to the army shall be distributed amongst the officers and soldiers in proportions correspondent thereto,

V. Provided nevertheless, That the interest and property Army not to hereby given to the army employed on such conjunct expedi- ^are ln Pri- tions shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to tureefm the entitle the said army to share in the distribution of any {hips or voyage, vessels, goods, merchandize, or effects, captured in the voyage to

or from such fortress.

VI. Provided also, That the snares of prize of all such offi- Shares of officers and seamen, who shall be marked on the books of any ship ccr3 ant*or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as cnnthe^ having run therefrom, and also the shares of all such officers and service, or seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, which shall not be legal- shares not de-ly demanded within three years after the same shall have been y^anded with-paid to the treasurer of the royal hospital at Greenwich, by vir- time, '"to be tue of any law then in force, shall be forfeited to and to the use forfeited;

of the said royal hospital, unless with respect to such officers and un]ef9 the run seamen as shall be marked run, such mark shall be taken off by mark be taken order of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high off, and cause admiral of Great Britain, or by order of the commissioners of his Majesty's navy; and unless with respectt to the {hares of such not demanded officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, which shall not in the d be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, rea- time-sonable cause shall be shewn and allowed by the governors of the said hospital for the time being, or by the judge of the high court of admiralty, why such last mentioned {hares were not claimed in due time.

s 4 VII. And

264 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

Commanders

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to toKeit^War^any caPta*n or other commander of any of his Majesty's

fh ares of ships or vessels of war having transports or merchant ships or prizes, in cer- vefll-ls under convoy, shall wilfully desert or fail away from them, tain cases. in pursuit of, and with the view of capturing any ship or vessel of the enemy (other than ships or vessels armed and fitted for war only, and which shall be seen hovering about or bearing down upon such convoy\ or having captured a prize shall wilfully desert the convoy for the purpose of carrying his prize into port, or if the commander of any fh<p or vessel whatsoever, having his Majesty's dispatches on board, shall fail out of his proper, course, in pursuit, and with the view of making prize of any ship or vessel of the enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by fente.nce of a court martial, such commande-t^jfiall forfeit his {hare of all and every such, prize to his Majesty for the use of Greenwich hospital.

Captains of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the captain of any merchant ships merchant ship under convoy shall wilfully disobey signals, or in-commimfelof ftri*aions> or any other lawful commands of the commander of the^convoy,the convoy*/ or shall desert the convoy without notice given and liable to pu- leave obtained for that purpose, he shall be liable to be articled nishment. against in the high court of admiralty at the suit of the crown, for disobedience to the orders of the convoy, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined, at the discretion of the said court, in any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, and shall suffer such imprisonment, not exceeding one year, as the said court shall act* judge.

Admiralty

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

mayiffuelet- the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for ter s of marque. executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall, at the j'cquest of any owner or owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any ship or vessel registered pursuant to the directions of an aof parliament made and passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of flipping and navigation (such owner or owners giving such bail or security as hereafter is mentioned or expressed), cause to be issued in the usual manner one or more commission or commissions, or letter or letters of marque and reprizal, to any person or persons whom such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or in case of death successively commanders of such ship or vessel for the attacking, surprizing, seizing, and taking, by and with such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortress upon the land, or any ship or vessel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods or merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Prizes vncen enemies, in any sea, creek, haven, or river; and that such ship by privates? or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, amon ^the^ Sooc*s> anc* merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, owners of the taF^)e> an^ aPPare^ so to be taken by or ypith such private owner

or

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 265

or owners ship or vessel, according to such commission, and com- vessels and millions, or letter or letters of marque, after final adjudication ^y^reVoru as lawful prize in the high court of admiralty, or in any other court of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions, which shall be duly authorised thereto as aforesaid, shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such shares and proportions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons who shall be entitled thereto, by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, nor any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by, or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, nor any other person or persons whomsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captor of such prize ship or vefibl, arms, ammunition, fiores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under such agreements, shall be entitled to any part or share thereof, except as to the customs and duties hereafter mentioned; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall Captured extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any person or per- ^to^the fons to any interest in such ships or vessels, goods or merchan- excite, to be-dizes as may be captured by any private ships or vefieis of war Joflg to his belonging to his Majesty's commissioners of customs or excite, Majesty.

but that the same mips or vefieis, goods and merchandizes, so captured, shall belong to his Majesty, and be applied and disposed of in such manner as his Majesty, under his iign manual,

shall order and direct, after legal adjudication thereof.

XI. And, for the encouragement of the capture of small armed

ships belonging to the enemy, be it further enacted, That it shall Small priva-. and may be lawful to and for the captors to include in one adiu- Jeers taken

r r \ r n J, from the Ctie-

dication any number, not exceeding lix, of such small armed rnvmaybein-ships, having a commission or letter of marque from the enemy, eluded in one not exceeding fifty tons each, and which shall have been taken adjudication, within the lpace of three months preceding the application to the court of admiralty for such adjudication.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Privateshipsof shall entitle any private ship or vessel, having a commission for co^vo^f his war, and which shall receive general orders and instructions Majesty's 13 from, and put herself under the convoy of any of his Majesty's ships, not en-ships or vefieis, to share in any prize or prizes taken by such titled to share ships or vessels of his Majesty, or by such private ship or vessel

having a commission for war, or letter of marque, whilst the said^commissioned ship or vessel shall remain under the care and protection of such convoy, unless such private ship or vessel shall (Exception.) have received orders from the commander of the convoying ship

to

266

Prizes to be liable to duties

Previous to granting letters of

marque, fecii-rity to be taken.

Sureties to make oath of their sufficion-cy, of which the officer of the court of

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1793, '

to chase, or otherwise aft hostilely against the enemy, and shall have been actually aiding and assisting in such capture.

XIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majesty's dominions, from the payment of any customs or duties, or from being subject to the restrictions. and regulations to which the same now are, or shall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the laws and statutes of this realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before the granting or issuing of any commission or letter of marque, in pursuance of this act, such bail and security shall be taken as hath been usual in such cases; a, nd that previous thereto the persons who propose to be bound and give such security shall severally make oath before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or judge of any other court of admiralty which shall be authorised as aforesaid, in any other of his Majesty's dominions, or his or their surrogates, that they the said persons who shall become sureties are at the time of their being sworn

esquire and report.

admiralty is to respectively worth more than the funi for which they are to be bound, over and above all their just debts: and moreover, the marshal for the time being of the said high court of admiralty, and of any of the said other courts, or his deputy, shall make diligent enquiry, and certify him or themselves of the sufficiency of such bail and security, and make thereupon a report to such judge, or his surrogate, before any such commission or letter of marque shall be granted.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who shall apply to the faicj lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of for execute

Applications for letters of marque to be made in writing, and to contain the particulars herein specified.

ing the being.

office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, in order to obtain any commission or letter of marque to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this add, shall make every such application in writing, and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact description of the ship or vessel for which such commission or letter of marque is requested, specifying the name and burthen of such ship or vessel, what fort of built she is, and the number and nature of the guns on board the same, to what place belonging, and the name or names of the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the same (all which particulars shall be inserted in every commissiorr or letter of marque to be granted in Commanders pursuance of this act); and that every commander of a private °rod^ceetheir° or ve^ war> for which a commission or letter of marque comnflflions11" &all be granted in pursuance of this act, shall produce such com-to the officer million or letter of marque to the collector, customer, or searcher, of the customs for the time being, of his Majesty's customs, residing at or be-at the port of Ionging

to the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be first

fitted

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. <z6j

fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, fitting out* customer, or searcher; and the said collector, customer, or examine the searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall, as soon ^ipS> anc^ thereafter as conveniently may be, without fee or reward, in- grant certifi-specft and examine such ship or veiled, so as to ascertain the built cates of clear-and burthen thereof, and the number of men, and the number ance*

2nd nature of the guns on board the same; and if such ship or yefiel shall thereupon be found to be of such built and burthen, and be manned and armed according to the tenor of the description inserted in such corn million or letter of marque as aforesaidj or be of a greater burthen or force than shall be mentioned in such commission or letter of marque, then and not otherwise such collector, customer, or searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the request of the commander of such ship or veiled, to give 2 certificate thereof in writing under his or their hand or hands, gratis, to such commander, which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance before such ship or vessel shall be permitted to fail from that port: and if the commander of any ship or vef- penaityon fel, for which any commission or letter of marque shall have been commanders granted in pursuance of this act, shall depart with such ship or for departing vessel from such port of clearance before he hath received such ft^esUtor^" certificate, or shall depart from any such port, or proceed upon with aWs 2 cruize, with a force inferior to the force specified in such com- force than million or letter of marque, every such commission or letter of specified in the marque shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, andetter °5 the commander so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds, to be recovered, with full coifs of suit, by any person or persons who will sue for the same, by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also be imprisoned for such space of time as such court shall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector, customer, or searcher of his Majesty's Penalty on customs, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a officers of the certificate for any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burthen.f.^erti* and force specified in the commission or letter of marque granted fortes.6* so the commander or commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater burthen or force than she really is, he shall for such offence forfeit his said office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under government whatsoever, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person- or persons who will sue for the same, by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred Application of pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or in- forfeiture, 'formers, and one moiety to the treasurer for the time being of u the

icS

Burthens of vessels to be ascertained by certificates of registry, to be produced before issuing letters of marque.

Vessels to which letters of marque are granted to be deemed li-cenicd.

Letters of marque to be forfeited for offences against the revenue laws.

Letters of marque may be revoked.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

the corporation for the relief and support of the Tick, maimed, and diiabled seamen, and of the widows and children of such as shall be kilied, flain, or drowned in the service of the merchants, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeiture shall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is efta^ blished, or shall hereafter be effabli filed, for the purposes aforesaid, then one moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees, for the use of the corporation so to be established.

XVII. Provided always, That the burthen of such flirp or vessel so to be certified shall be ascertained by the certificate of regiffry granted for such ship or vessel, under and pursuant to the directions of the said recited act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which certificate shall be produced to the said lord high admiral, or of for executing the said office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any commission or letter of marque for such ship or vessel.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every ship and vessel for which such commission or letter of marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the time that such commission or letter of marque shall remain in force under the authority of this act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken to be a ship or yeliel licensed pursuant to an act of parliament made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, although the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall not have been furnished with the licence required by the said recited act.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the owner or owners, commander, master, or other person havr ing or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, for which such commission or letter of marque shall be issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any offence contrary to any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, for the protection of his Majesty's revenues of customs or excise, or for the prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, such owner or owners, commander, master, and other person, shall forfeit the commission or letter of marque so issued for such ship or vessel, over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures which he or they shall have incurred by reason of such offence.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any order or orders in writing under his or their hand or hands, any commission or commissions, or letter or letters of marque, which hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated commander or commanders of any ship or vessel, either in pursuance of his Majesty's order in council, or this present act.:

1793.] Anno regni trkefirno tertio GEORGII III. c. 65. 269

provided nevertheless, That the secretary of the admiralty for the Secretary to time being shall with all convenient speed, after any and every such commission or letter of marque shall be so revoked, cause of suchrevo-notice thereof in writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or cation, which owners of the ship or vessel named or described in such order of shall take effect revocation, or to his or their agent or agents, surety or sureties, or some or one of them; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the channel, the said order of revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said commission or letter of marque, at the expiration of twenty days from and after such notice given as aforesaid, or sooner if notice shall be actually given in writing, by the secretary of the admiralty to the captain or commander thereof; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the northern seas, at the expiration of thirty days; and in case such ship or vessel shall be to the southward of cape Finisterre, or in the Mediterranean^ at the expiration of six weeks; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in North America, or the West Indies, at the expiration of three months; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the expiration of six months, from and after such respective notices shall be given as aforesaid: and any Complaint of commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, fuchrevoca-surety or sureties of any such ship or vessel, whereof such commission or letter of marque, issued or to be issued forth as afore- jy^jesty m said, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in council; council within thirty days next after the secretary of the admiralty for the time being shall cause notice thereof to be given as aforesaid, and the determination of his Majesty in council, touching every such complaint, shall be final: provided always, That and if super-in case any such order of revocation shall be superseded, such the let-

commission or letter of marque shall be deemed and taken to have toVe deemed continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof shall to have conti-belong to and be the property of such owners and captors, in nued in force, such manner as the same would have been in case such order of revocation had not been made: provided also, That no person Personal no-shall be liable (before he shall have received personal notice of tice necessary, such order of revocation) to be punished for doing any matter or to hfbje4^ to thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of such commission or letter of marque, in case such order of revocation had not been made.

XXI. And whereas in all private ships or veftfds of war, or merchant ships or vessels^for which commissiom or letters of marque shall be taken out, it is expedient, for the better discipline and government of such ships and vessels, that all persons who enter themselves on board the same should be under proper regulations, and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chief commanders of the said flips and vessels: be it therefore enacted by the authority OfLnces on aforesaid, That all offences committed by any officer or fearnan board priva-on board any privateer or merchant ship, having taken-a com- ^iYdand^u million or letter of marque during the present hoffiiitics with nVfliedas on* France, shall be tried and punished in such manner as the like board the offences are tried-and punished when committed by any person fleet, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

belonging to his Majesty's fleet: provided always, That all offenders who shall be accused of such crimes as are cognizeable by a court martial shall be confined on board such privateer, of merchant ship or vefiei carrying letter of marque, in which such offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some port in Great Britain or Ireland., or can meet with such a number oi his Majesty's {hips of war abroad as are sufficient to make a court martial* and upon application made by the commander of such privateer, or merchant ship or vessel carrying letter of marque* to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or to the commander in chief, or senior officer of his Majesty's said ships of war abroad, the said lord high admiral* or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three dr more of them* or such commander in chief, or senior officer abroad, are hereby authorised and required, in the usual manner, to call a court martial for trying and punishing the said offences.

XXII. And whereas good and necessary laws are in force within several of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said colonies or plantations any servant or slave without the consent of the owner, or the carrying off from thence any other person or persons whomsoever, until such person shall have taken out his ticket from the secretary s office within such respective colony or plantation, in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the said several lazvs is declared and provided: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. Commanders That all commanders of private {hips of war, or merchant {hips of ships liable having letters of marque, shall, upon their going into any of the the^awsthere* Ports or labours in the said colonies or plantations, be subject for preventing and they are hereby declared to be subject to the several direc-the carrying tions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures in and by such laws off persons, made and provided* any thing in this a 6t contained to the con-requisite contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

sent XXIII. Andy for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation or

ether determination of any prize ship or vessely goods or merchandizes already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening the expences which have been usual in such cases, be it further en-Regulations acted by the authority aforesaid, That the judge of the high for determina- court of admiralty of England, and of any other court of admi-tions respect: - ra]ty which shall be authorised thereto, or such person or persons ing prizes. wj1Q fhaq by them commissioned for that purpose, within five days after request made to him or them for that purpose, shall nnifti ihe usual preparatory examination of the persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the same be lawful prize or not $ and that the proper monition usual in such cases shall be issued by the person or persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed by the person or persons proper to execute the same, within the space of three days after request in that behalf made*and in case no claim of such captured ship, vefiei, or goods, shall be

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 271

be duly entered or made in the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of such monition, or if there be such claim, and the claimant or claimants shall not, within five days from the time of entering such claim, give sufficient security (to be approved of by such court of admiralty) to pay double costs to the captor or captors of such ship, vessel, or goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge, of such court of admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said examinations, or copies thereof, and producing to him upon oath all the papers and writings which shall have been found taken in or with such capture, or on board any other captured ship or vessel, regarding the same, or upon oath made that no papers or writings were found, proceed with all convenient speed to sentence, either to discharge and acquit such capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same to be good and lawful prize, according as shall appear to him, upon perusal of such preparatory examinations, and also the papers and writings found taken in or with such capture, or on board any other captured vessel, regarding the same, if any such shall be found; and in case any such claim shall be duly entered or made, and security given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of this add, and there shall appear no occasion to enter into any other examination, that then such judge shall, within ten days, if possible, after such claim made and security given, proceed to sentence as aforesaid touching such capture; but in case, upon making or entering such claim, and the at- Directions for testation thereupon, or the producing of such papers and writings proceeding as aforesaid, regarding such captured ship or vessel, or goods, where the case and upon the said preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubt- 1S aouo u*ful to the said judge whether such capture be lawful prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary, according to the cir-ctimstances of the case, for the clearing and determining such doubt, to have an examination of witnesses, on pleadings given in by the parties, and admitted by the judge, and such examination shall be desired, and that it shall be still insisted on, on behalf of the captors, that the said capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be insisted on, on the part of the claimant, that then the said judge shall forthwith cause such capture to be appraised by persons well {killed in the same, to be named by the parties, and approved and appointed by the court, and sworn truly to an-praise the same, according to the best of their /kill and knowledge, for which purpose the said judge shall cause the goods found on board to be unladen, and (an inventory thereof being first taken, if the judge shall think necessary, by the marshal of the admiralty, or his deputy) shall cause them to be put into proper warehouses, with separate locks, of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and where there is no comptroller then of the naval officer, and the agents or persons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party desiring the same, and shall after such appraisement, and within the space of fourteen days after the making of the said claim, proceed to take

good

272

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.

[179

good and sufficient security from the claimants to pay the captors

the full value thereof, according to such appraisement, in case

the same shall be adjudged lawful prize, and shall also proceed to

take good and sufficient security from the captors to pay such

eofts as the coart shall think proper, in case such ship, vessel, or

goods shall not be condemned as lawful prize; and after such

securities duly given, the said judge shall make an interlocutory

prize to be de- order for releaiing or delivering the same to such claimant or

livered to the claimants, or his or their agents, and the same shall be actually claimants;

On security, the judge to>rder the

but if they refute to give security, the Judge, on security from

released and delivered accordingly.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any claimant or claimants shall refuse to give such security, the judge shall cause the captor or captors in like manner to give good and sufficient security to pay the said claimant or claimants the full

the captor?, to value thereof, according to the appraisement, in case any such order it to be capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful prize, and

delivered to them

Captures brought into his Majesty's dominions abroad, to be under the care of the officers of the customs, &c. till sentence, &c.

the said judge shall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the releasing and delivering the same to the said captor or captors, or their agents.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majest/s dominions abroad* in order to be proceeded againsi: to condemnation in any of his Majesty's courts of vice admiralty, being thereto duly authorised, shall, without breaking bulk, Hay there, and be under the joint care and custody of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and where there is no comptroller, then of the naval officer of the port or place where the same shall be brought, and the captors or claimants thereof, or their agent or agents, subject to the direction of such court of vice admiralty, until the same shall by final sentence have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering the same, and upon the final condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, shall be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, or their agents.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all books, papers, and writings* found in any ship or vessel taken as prize, shal), without delay, be brought into the regilfry of the court of admiralty upon oath, wherein such ship or vessel may be proceeded againsi:, in order to condemnation; but that the registry of only such books, pipers, and writings shall be made use of and the court of translated as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the prodlors of admiralty, &c. t^e several parties, captors or claimants, or in case of no claim by the captor or his prodlor, or agent or register, to be necessary for ascertaining the property of such ship or yeiTel, and cargo thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among the judge and officers of any such court of vice admiralty in his Majesty's plantations and dominions abroad, authorised as aforesaid, for, towards, or

relating

All writings found on board captures, to be brought into

No more than certain sums to be paid to the officers of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. 273'

relating to the adjudging or condemning of such capture as afore- courts of vice said as lawful prize, above the sum of ten pounds in case such

prize ship or vessel be under the burthen of one hundred tons, nor above the sum of fifteen. pounds in case the same be of that, or any greater burthen, the same to be disposed of or divided as such judge shall think fit; and that after payment or tender to Penalty for such judge of the said respective sums as the case may require, if delay of pro-any such judge or other officer, in any of his Majesty's said courts f^courts. of vice admiralty, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall wilfully delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the several proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to the condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering of any such capture in manner aforesaid, within the respediv? times herein-before limited, or as soon as the same, of any of them, ought to be done, according to the tenor and true' meaning of this act, or of the infirudlion^ which his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council;

shall from time to time cause to be given to such judge or officer, every such judge or other officer shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Application of Majesty, his heirs and successors, and one moiety thereof, with penalty, full costs of suit, to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of the courts in or for any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, or in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any captor or cap- Appeals from: tors, claimant or claimants shall not rest fiitisfied with the fen- sentences of tence, or interlocutory decree, having the force of a definitive co.urts ofad-sentence, given or pronounced in the high court of admiralty of te^adeto^ England, or in any court of admiralty or vice admiralty in any the commit of his Majesty's dominions, duly authorised to proceed in prize sioners for causes, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties there- appeals; by aggrieved to appeal from the said high court of admiralty, or from any of the said courts of admiralty or vice admiralty, to the of appointed or to be appointed under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prize, such appeals to be interposed and received in the like manner as appeals to such of in prize causes have been usually interposed and received from the said high court of admiralty, so as the same may be made within fourteen days after sentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence, and good security be likewise given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such appeal, and answer the condemnation, and also pay such costs as shall be awarded, in case the sentence, or inter- locutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence, of such court of admiralty or vice admiralty, be affirmed; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-VOL, XXXIX. T withstanding 1.

give security.

274 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

ciition^f^fen Wlt: hstanding: Provided always, That the execution of any sentences not to" tence? or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive be luipended, sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by if the appellee reason of such appeal, in case the party or parties appellate shall

- give sufficient security, to be approved of by the court in which such sentence or interlocutory decree shall be given, to restore the ship, vessel, goods, or effedds, concerning which such sentence or interlocutory decree shall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in case the sentence or interlocutory decree so appealed from shall be reversed.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case any person who was not a party in the first instance of the cause shall intervene in or interpose an appeal from a sentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence, given or pronounced in any admiralty court, such person, or his or her agent or agents, shall at the same time enter his or her claim, otherwise such appeal shall be null and void.

XXX. And whereas great inconveniences have arise?i by appeals in prize causes not being prosecuted in a reason able tune, and from secret appeals, or protocols of appeals being entered before a notary public ky without any notice given to the court or parties appellate, or their

Appellants to proddors: for remedy whereof be it enacted, That every person outJ* being a party in a prize cause in the high court of admiralty of England, or in any vice admiralty court, and against whom a

Persons not parties in the first instance, to enter their claims, or appeals to be void.

bitions within certain periods, or appeals not prosecutable.

sentence shall hereafter be given, or any interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence pronounced, and who shall appeal therefrom within fourteen days, shall prosecute such his appeal by taking out the usual inhibition within three months after the time such sentence or interlocutory decree shall be given, if such sentence or decree shall be given in the high court of admiralty, and within nine months, if such sentence or decree shall be given in any of the vice admiralty courts p and that after the expiration of the said terms, of three months and nine months, respectively limited as aforesaid, without any inhibition having been taken out, no appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any person being a party, in the said high court of admiralty or vice admiralty, nor shall any inhibition be granted at the prayer of such person or his proctor, but the said sentence or interlocu-Persons not tory decree shall ft and confirmed as to such person; and in all in- ca^es wfiere a sentence shall be given, or interlocutory degree itance, to give having the force of a definitive sentence shall be pronounced, in inclaimswith- the high court of admiralty, or in any of his Majesty's admiralty in a year. or vice admiralty courts, duly authorised, any person not being a party in the first instance, who does not interpose his appeal, and at the same time give his claim, and pray the usual inhibition, within one year, shall not after such year hath elapsed be entitled to any appeal.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any appeal shall be interpoied from a sentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence, given or pronounced in any court of admiralty or vice admiralty > concerning

Courts of ad-iniralty, on request of captors or claimants, to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 275

ing any ship or vessel, or goods or effects, which have been or order cap- v now are, or shall hereafter be seizea and taken as prize, that then and in such case the judge of such court of admiralty or vice Gn security admiralty shall and may, at the request, cqfts, and charges either for the value, of the captor or claimant (or of the claimant only, in cases to be deliver-where the privilege is reserved in favour of the claimant by any orde°the ef treaty or treaties subsisting between his Majesty and foreign fe$stobefold. powers) make an order to have such capture appraised, unless the parties shall otherwise agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory to be made, and then take security for the full value thereof accordingly, and thereupon cause such capture to be delivered to the party giving such security, in like manner as is herein-before enacted, notwithstanding such appeal; and if there shall be any difficulty or sufficient objection to the giving or taking security, the judge shall, at the requed of either of the parties, order such goods and effects to be entered, landed, and sold by publick auction, under the care and custody of the proper officers of the cufcoms, and under the direction and inspection of such persons as shall be appointed by the claimants and captors, and the monies arising from the fade shall be brought into court, and by the register, deputy register, or deputy registers of the said court, be deposited in the bank of England, or (in case the captors and claimants shall agree thereto) in some public securities at interest, in the names of the register, and of such trustees as they the said captors and claimants shall appoint, and the court On security shall approve; and if such security shall be given by the claim- from claimants, then it is hereby also enacted, That the judge shall give a.P^s such captured ship or vessel a pals, under his seal, to prevent its for the^ap1-being again taken by his Majesty's subjects in its destined voyage, ture.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in jf sentences case the sentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a deft- be reversed nitive sentence, of such court of admiralty or vice admiralty shall aher sale oP be finally reversed, after sale of any ship or goods, pursuant to nett proceeds the directions in this act contained, the nett proceeds of such sale to be deemed (after payment of all expences attending the same) shall be deem- their value, ed and taken to be the full value of such ship and goods, and that the party or parties appellate, and their securities, shall not be answerable for the value beyond the amount of such nett proceeds, unless it shall appear that such file was made fraudulently, or without due care.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no judge, register, or deputy register, rnarshal, or deputy officer of marshal, or any other officer whomsoever, of or belonging to any court of any court of admiralty or vice admiralty in Great Britain, or in admiralty, or any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, or.in tdln^therein any other of his Majesty's dominions, nor any person or persons tobeinterest-practising either as advocate, proctor, or-other wise, in any such ed in any court or courts, shall be concerned or irtfeested, directly or in- vessel having a directly, as owner, part owner, fharcr, or adventurer, in any private ship or ships, or veil'd or veli'els of war whatsoever, having any commission or commissions, or letter of marque 2$ afore-

T 2 said 1

276 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

Fc-lty for fa id; and in case any such judge, register, deputy register, mar-

o en ing. dial, deputy marshal, or other officer, advocate, or prodlor whatsoever, dial], notwithstanding this act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, Such judge, register, deputy register, marshal, deputy marshal, or other officer respectively, shall for every such offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, -ox at any general session of the peace in any of his Majesty's colonies in America) absolutely forfeit his office and employment in and belonging to any such court of admiralty or vice admiralty, of what kind or nature fdever such office or employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five hundred pounds; and every such advocate or prodtor respectively shall for such last mentioned offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in manner aforesaid) be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising either as an advocate or proctor in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty or vice admiralty wheresoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no register or deputy register, nor any marshal or deputy marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's courts of ad-miralt rn^ra^7 or Vice admiralty whatsoever, shall either directly or in-

Ko \*egifter, See. of any court of ad-

ployment.

as advocate, directly, by himself or themselves, or by any agent or agents, or

Sec. in any other person or persons whomsoever, act or be concerned in any

cause depend- manner, either as an advocate or proctor, in any cause, matter, or

ing in the business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such court, or court to which

he belongs, on courts 01 admiralty or vice admiralty, ' to which such register,

penalty of for- deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, shall then belong;

idture of em- and that every register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, who shall be guilty of such offence (being thereof lawfully

convicted, either upon an information cr indictment in manner

aforesaid) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective

office and employment of register, deputy register, marshal, or

deputy marshal, in and belonging to the same court.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to restrain his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, from giving such further rules and direc-

from time to time to his respective courts of admiralty and

Act net to re it rain his Majesty from giving directionsto courts tions

of admiralty, vice admiralty, for the adjudication and condemnation of prizes, as by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

A ko if- fnrfKf=>r on'jonf-linritw cvfn

Penalty on commanders of privateers - ransoming prizes.

XXXVI/ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case at any time or times any commander or commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or vessel or vessels of war, commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the commander or commanders, or other person or persons of or belonging to any neutral or other ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, for the ransom of any such ship, vessel, or cargo, or any part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as prize, "and shall in pursuance of such agreement or agreements actually quit, set at liberty, or discharge any

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.

2 77

x793-l

such prize or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his Majesty's dominions, that then all and every of the commander and commanders of such private ship or ships, or vessel or vessels of war, who shall agree for any such ransom, and shall quit, set at liberty, or discharge any such prize or prizes in manner aforesaid, unless in a case of extreme necessity, to be allowed by the court of admiralty, shall forfeit his or their letter of marque, and shall suffer such penalties of fine and imprisonment as the said court shall adjudge.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twelfth day of June one thousand No captured seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall not be lawful for any of vessel, &c. be* his Majesty's subjects to ransom, or to enter into any contract or jviqefty'ssub-agreement for ransoming any ship or vessel belonging to any of to be his Majesty's subjects, or any merchandize or goods on board the ransomed. same, which shall be captured by the subjects of any state at war

with his Majesty, or by any persons committing hostilities against his Majesty's subjects.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all contracts and Contracts for agreements which shall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and ransoms to be other securities, which shall be given by any person or persons VQ1

for ransom of any ship or vessel, or of any merchandize or goods on board the same, contrary to this add, shall be absolutely null and void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, contrary to this act?c, ransom, Penalty on or enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming, any such persons ran-ship or vessel, or any.merchandize or goods on board the same, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and to 1 1S lose the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain > in which action no essoin, protection, imparlance, or wager of lav/, shall be allowed.

XL. And, as a further encouragement to the officers, sea?nen,

marines, soldiers, and others, on hoard his Majesif s ships of war, as for every offi-also of privateers, to attack, take, and dcjlroy any ships of war or cer and man privateers belonging to the enemy; be it enacted by the authority who was on aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the treasurer of his Ma- beghfning o/ jesty's navy, upon bills to be made forth by the of of the action, of the navy, to be paid according to the course thereof, without fee ships of war or reward, unto the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and or privateers others, who shall have been actually-on board any of his Majesty's the°encnfvt0*ship or ships of war, or of any privateer or privateers, at the taken or detaking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any ship or stroyed iince ships of war, or privateers belonging to tile enemy, since the February ir, eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- which shall be three, and during the present hostilities with France, five pounds taken, &c. for every man who was living oil board any ship or vessel so taken, during hostilities.

On whose oath the num-pe pa*s are to be.

at-

sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the tack or engagement between them; the numbers of such men to

27S

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

proved, and be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or tile?0111 Cet' men who were belonging to the said ship or ships of war, or

On production of certain documents, the cc mm issioners of the navy to make out tills for the bounty.

privateers, of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken as prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or (in case so many as three shall not survive the engagement) upon the oaths or oath of such of them as shall survive, before the mayor or other chief magistrate of the port, within any of his Majesty's dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers or men of such ships as were taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, or before the British con-ful or vice consul residing at any neutral port, to which such prize, or officers or men, shall be brought, which oaths the said mayor or other chief magistrate of any such port, or consul, or vice consul, are hereby respectively imp.ow.ered and required to administer, and shall (without fee or reward) forthwith grant a certificate thereof, and also of the deponents or deponent (if less than three) having likewise made oath, that to the bed: of his or their knowledge and belief no other person or persons belonging to the enemy's ship or ships survived the engagement, which certificate shall be dire died to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy 3 and upon the production thereof tb them the said of, together with an authentick copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation of such ship so taken, or, where such certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only

copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation, whereby the her of men on board such {hips of the enemy shall appear to

numcer

have been proved, or if such ships be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor or other chief magistrate, or consul or vice consul as aforesaid, the said of of his Majesty's navy, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpefe, shall, according to the course of the navy, within fifteen days, make out.bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treasurer of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongil, the officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers on board his Majesty's ships of war, in manner, form and proportion, as by his Majesty's proclamation for granting the distribution of prizes, already issued, or to be issued for that purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the owners, officers, and seamen of any private ship or vessel of war, in such manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing the y shall have entered into for that purpose, shall be directed: provided nevertheless. That in all cases where such oath and certificate cannot be administered and granted at the first port whereunto any prize, or officers or men, of such arrival, it may {hips as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise foV^h^cHef dclWed> be brought, such oath or oaths relating to any

Pr'ze or Pr*zes that shall be taken, or to any {hips of his Ma-any port with- jesty's enemies, that shall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed in hit? Majes- as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and be-iy t..101111111- fore the mayor or other chief magistrate of any port within any &c. of Majesty's dominions, or by or before the British consul or

vice

Where oath cannot be niac'e at the first port of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 279

vice consul residing at any neutral port, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers or men, of any {hips belonging to his Majesty's enemies, as have or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought (proof being first made by affidavit before such person or persons of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such certificate, at the said first port), and the mayor or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, shall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are herein-before directed, which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to ail intents and purposes as if the same were granted by the mayor or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, of the port to which such prize or prizes, officers or men as aforesaid, shall be first brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: provided also, That where such oath of the num- In case of the ber of men on board any ship or Clips so taken, burnt, sunk, or total deft rue -otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total destruction of the officers and crew of such ship or {hips, then and in number to be every such case the number of men on board such ship or ships at ascertained as the beginning of the attack or engagement shall be ascertained the judge of by such evidence as under the circumstances of the case shall, by the judge of the high court of admiralty, or by the judge of any ent evidence, other court duly authorised, be deemed sufficient proof thereof*

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby grant- To whom the cd to the commanders, officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others of his Majesty's {hips of war, for taking, sinking, burn- be'made ing, or otherwise destroying any Clips of war or privateers be- able, &c. longing to any of his Majesty's enemies, shall be made payable to such person or persons as shall be authorised and appointed agents for appraisements and sales of prize, the same bounty to be distributed and divided, by the said person or persons so authorised and appointed, amongst the captors, in such manner, form, and proportion as aforesaid; the several {hares of such captors as shall run from his Majesty's service, and of such as shall not be legally demanded within three years after publick notification, shall be paid and applied to the use of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, subject to the same provisoes and exceptions as in the case of prize monies; and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to privateers for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying any Clips of war or privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's enemies, shall be made payable to such person or persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers and seamen of such privateer or privateers, who shall have taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major part of them, to be divided in such manner and proportions as shall have been agreed'on by them as aforesaid. y

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, if any ship Prizesbelong-or vessel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, shall ap- ing to his Ma-pear and be proved, in any court of admiralty having a right to Sretakeo

T 4 take JC 6* re a

280 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

from the ene- take cognizance thereof, to have belonged to any of his Majesty's my, to be re- tc -u. j

stored.

The salvage to be paid for restored prizes.

subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty's protection and obedience, which were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty's enemies, and at any time afterwards again surprized and re-taken by any of his Majesty's {hips of war, or any privateer, or other ship, vessel, or boat under his Majesty's protection and obedience, that then such {hips, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's subjbfts, shall in all cases ({ave in such as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said court of admiralty, accordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of salvage (if re-taken by any of his Majesty's {hips) one-eighth part of the true value of the {hips, vefteis, boats, and goods respectively, so to be restored, which said salvage of one-eighth shall be answered and paid to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers in his Majesty's said ship or {hips of war, to be divided in such manner as before in this act is directed touching the {hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's {hips of war; and if re-taken by any privateer or other ship, vessel, or boat, ofte-sixth part of the true value of the said {hips, vefteis, boats, and goods; all which payments to be made to the owner or owners, officers and seamen of such privateer, or other ship, vessel, or boat, shall be without any deductions, and shall be divided in such manner and proportions as {half have been agreed on by them as aforesaid; and in case such ship, vessel, or goods shall have been re-taken by the joint operation or means of one or more of his Majesty's ships, and one or more private ship or ships, then the judge of the high court of admiralty, or other court having cognizance thereof, shall order and adjudge such salvage to be paid to the re-captors, by the owner or owners of such re-taken ship, vessel, or goods, as he shall, under the circumstances of the case, deem fit and reasonable, which salvage so to be adjudged shall be accordingly paid by the owners of such re-taken ship, vessel, or goods, to the agents of the recaptors in such proportions as the said court shall adjudge; but if such ship or vessel so re-taken shall appear to have been, after the taking by his Majesty's enemies, by them let forth as a ship or vessel of war, the said ship or vessel shall not be restored to the former owners or proprietors, but shall in all cases, whether retaken by any of his Majesty's ships, or by any privateer, be adjudged lawful prize for the benefit of the captors.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any ship or vessel, or any goods or merchandizes, fively restored {half be taken or re-taken, and restored, by the commander or by privateeis, or^er person having the charge or command ol any privateer, or other ship, vessel, or boat, junder his Majesty's protection and obedience, through consent, or clandestinely, or by coilufion or

connivancy

If re-taken ships shall have been let forth by the enemy as ships of war, they ih.dl be prizes so the captors.

Prizes-coll 11-

to be prize to his Majesty.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 281

connivance of such commander, or other person, without being brought to adjudication, the ship and vessel, and goods and merchandizes, so taken or re-taken, and restored, and also the ship's tackle, furniture, apparel, arms, and ammunition, shall, upon proof thereof to be made in any court of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good prize to his Majesty, one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Division of Majesty, his heirs and successors, and one moiety to the use of Rich prizes, such person who shall discover and sue for the same; and the Bonds of the bond given by the captain or commander of such privateer, or commanders other ship, vessel, or boat, shall be and is hereby declared to be to e*or eitex* forfeited to his Majesty; and in case any such ship or vessel, or Penalty on any goods or merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be taken or re- commanders taken, and restored, by any commander, captain, or other offi- coliuhvel1 re-cer, having the command of any ship or vessel of war, belong- storing prizes, ing to his Majesty, through consent, or clandestinely, or by col- &c. lusion or connivance of such commander, captain, or other officer, such commander, captain, or other officer, shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and one moiety, together with full costs of suit, to the use of such person as shall discover and sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and such commander, captain, or other officer, shall forfeit his command and employment, and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty during the space of seven years; and the said goods and merchandizes, and the ship, tackle, apparej, furniture, guns, and ammunition, so taken or re-taken, and restored, in manner aforesaid, shall be and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all courts of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, as good prize to his Majesty.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That Ships retaken if a ship be re-taken before (he has been carried into an enemy's [^to the en^ port, it shall be lawful for her, if the re-captors consent thereto, my's ports to prosecute her voyage; and it shall not be necessary for the re- mayprosecute captors to proceed to adjudication till six months, or till the re- their voyages, turn of the ship to the port from which (he failed; and it shall be lawful for the master, the owners, or their agents, with the consent of the re-captors, to unliver and dispose of their cargoes, before adjudication; and in case the vessel shall not return directly to the port from whence (he failed, or the re-captors shall have had no opportunity of proceeding regularly to adjudication within the six months, on account of the absence of the said vessel, the court of admiralty shall, at the instance of the re-captors, decree the restitution to the former owners, paying salvage, upon such evidence as to the said court shall, under the circumstances of the case, appear reasonable, the expence of such proceeding not to exceed the sum of fourteen pounds.

z82 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

XLV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prizeveflels That all prize {hips or vessels which shall be legally condemned legally con- shall to a]j intents and purposes whatsoever be considered as Bri-cieerned Bri-C ^-built ships or vessels, being first duly registered according to tish-built. provisions of the said recited act, made in the twenty-sixth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be deemed and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same rights, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all respects whatsoever, with British-buWt ships or vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that British-built ships or vessels are subject and liable to; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty for That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, sea-or n*men> martnes, soldiers, or others, shall break bulk on board, or

any part of ° embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, prizes. tackle, furniture, or apparel of or belonging to any prize or prizes, such commander, officer, seaman, marine, soldier, or other person, shall for every such offence forfeit his whole {hare in such prize to his Majesty, for the life of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and so to be adjudged, on proof thereof, by the court of admiralty in which such proof shall be made, and shall also forfeit treble the value of all such money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they shall embezzle, one third part thereof to be to the life of the said royal hospital at Greenwich) and the other two third parts thereof, together with full costs of suit, to him or them that will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And whereas great numbers of ships of foreign nations may pass the seas laden with naval fores, intended to be carried to the ports of France; whereby his Majestf s enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out. and arm privateers to de/lroy the trade of his Majests subjects, but may also be supplied with materials to build and fit out ships of war to annoy and invade his Ma-jfiy's dominions: and whereas divers ships of foreign nations, laden as aforesaid., may be taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain; and the purchase of such naval fores laden on board such ships of foreign nations for the service of his Majesty may, in many cases, be expedient, without proceeding to the condemnation thereof: be it Navy or vie- therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall tualiingboard and may be lawful to and for the principal officers and com-

naval^stores^ mi toilers of his Majesty's navy or victualling for the time being,

found on or their officers or agents, during the continuance of the present ho »rd foreign hostilities with France, to purchase, on the account or for the

ships brought service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors only, all or any such naval stores found on board any such ships of foreign nations, which have been, or shall or may hereafter be brought into any

of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 283

of the ports of this kingdom by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, or by any private ships or vessels of war, or other ships or vessels having commissions or letters of marque; and that the of and officers of the customs for the time being shall and may permit and suffer such naval stores, so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom, any thing in an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and encreasing of shipping and navigation, or in any other statute made subsequent thereto, contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwita-standing.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of the Persons mak-matters herein-before required to be verihed on oath, or suborn any ingorfuborn-other person so to do, such person or persons shall suffer the like mak^Valfct0 paips and penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful oaths, guilty and corrupt perjury; and that if any person or persons shall of corrupt counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any commission for war, or perjury, letter of marque, or any warrant for making out the same, or any certificate required or directed by this act to be obtained, or ^ters of^ shall publish or make use of any such commission for war, or marque, Sec. warrant for making out the same, or any such certificate as afore-f.jid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erased, altered, or faliified, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, together with full coffs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where the offence of taking a false oath, or suborning any Offences com-person so to do, or any of the offences by this act made cognize- knitted out of able in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, ^alleged1 to shall be committed out of this realm, the same may be alledged be committed to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and de- in any county termined, in any county in England, in the same manner, to all England, intents and purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the body of such county.

L. And be it further enacted, That ail appraisements and sales Directions for of any ship or ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes as shall be appointing taken by any of his Majesty's ships of war, shall be made by agents Pl*ze aSents* appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, ships companies or company, and others entitled thereto; that is to say, that if the flag officers or flag officer of any fleet or squadron of ships as shall take any such prize or prizes, or the majority if more than one, shall appoint one or more person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid, then the captains and commanders, or' captain and commander inti tied thereto, or the majority of them if more than one, may appoint the like number to act for them? and all the other officers

284 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

under the degree of a captain and commander may appoint the like number to act for them, and all the crews of the several ships companies of the fleet or squadron, or ship's company, and others intitled thereto, may likewise appoint the like number to act for them in such appraisements and sales.

Agents to re-

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That gifter their all and every person or persons who shall be so nominated and powers of at- appointed agent or agents as aforesaid for any prize or prizes taken by any ship or ships, vessel or vessels of war, or-for receiving the bounty herein after granted, and which prize or prizes shall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in any other his Majesty's dominions where the said prize and prizes and every of them shall be condemned, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, in the respective courts of admiralty in America, or in any other his Majesty's dominions where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney,

' appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes afore-

Penalty for said; and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents

neglect. as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect so to do for the space of fix

calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majesty's dominions, for the care and distribution of which be or they shall be appointed agent or agents, such person or persons so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesicy's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Registers of

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ie rcS^er or registers of his Majesty's high court of admiralty, ter powers of an^ °* ot^er courts of admiralty in Great Britain, and other attorney, &c. his Majesty's dominions, shall from time to time duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for that purpose only, all letters of attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, by any agent or agents for any prize or prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any agent or agents for the receipt and distribution of any bounty, bill or bills, within fourteen days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such register or registers at his or their respective offices; which registry shall contain the days of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the ships of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or other wise destroyed, together with the

names

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 285

names of the ships or vessels by which such prizes shall have been taken, or by which such ships of war or privateers of the enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the date of the condemnation and of appeal, if any interposed; and the register or registers shall on the twenty-sixth day of December and the twenty-fifth day of June^ or within forty days thereafter in every year, transmit or deliver unto the tresurer of the said hospital, or to"'the lawful deputy of such treasurer for the time being, a true copy or transcript, under his or their hand or hands, of all such entries as aforesaid within the preceding half year: and if such register or registers shall neglect Penalty for or refuse to make or keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver neglect, such copies thereof as aforesaid within the respective times hereinbefore limited for that purpose, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, wager, of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIII. Provided always, That if any agent or agents shall be Agents ap-appointed after the time any sentence of condemnation in any of pointed after the said courts of admiralty shall be given, such agent or agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register or cause to be regis- register their tered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letters or letter powers of at-of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as afore- torney. said, within the space of six calendar months after the date of the said letter or letters of attorney.

1 LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the register or registers of all and every the court and courts Registers to of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or transmit an-elsewhere in any of his Majesty's dominions, shall yearly and Treasurer of6 every year, upon the twenty-third day of October^ or within three Greenwich calendar months next' after the same, make out and transcribe hospital true copies of all and every such letter and letters of attorney as copies of let-shall be so registered in the said court or courts, to which the ^y regiiteed judge and judges of the said court and courts shall affix his and in their courts, their seal of office, and then the said register and registers shall the charges of transmit the same to the treasurer of the said royal hospital at which to be Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspebled by any ^gents^ C person gratis; the charges of which copies, and affixing the seal or seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the treasurer of the said hospital, shall be paid by the said agent or agents at the time of making such registry as aforesaid; and in case such register or Penalty for registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such neglect, copy and copies of the said letter and letters of attorney in manner aforesaid (if any ship or ships in that time shall fail from such port or place to any port or ports in Great Britain\ such register and registers so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain or America^ or else where in

any

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Hx793*

any other of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, or W3ger of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LV. And, for the better and more effectual Making such letters of attorney evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom the same shall be made; be it further enacted by the authority afore-Trne copies of said, That true copies of such letter or letters of attorney, and torney and re- transcripts, under seal, transmitted by the said register or re-giftiy, to be gifters of the court and courts of admiralty in his Majesty's plan-evidence of the tations in America, and elsewhere within his Majesty's domi-agency, &c. nions, and registered by the said treasurer of Greenwich hospital, shall, from time to time and at all times hereafter, be good and sufficient evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom such letter of attorney is or shall be made; and from time to time and at all times hereafter shall be admitted, without further or other proof thereof, to be legal evidence in all his Majesty's courts of record of law or equity; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Notification That, after the sale or Tales of any prize or prizes which have to be given by been or shall be taken from the enemy by any of his Majesty's pay7nent°of^war3 publick notification in manner herein after mentioned

prize money shall he given by the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid for to the navy, the payment of the several {hares to the captors aforesaid; that

&c* is to say, if the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned in his Majesty's high court, or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this act, for the appraisement and sale of such prize or prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such notification, under his or their hand or hands respectively, in the Gazette or same other newspaper of publick authority of the istand or place where the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette or such other newspaper published there, then in some or one of the-most publick newspapers of such island or place; and all persons or agents publishing, ol* causing to be published, every such notification respectively shall deliver to the collector, customer, or searcher for the time being, of his Majesty's customs, residing at, or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer, or searcher, and if there shall be no such collector, customer, or searcher, then such persons or agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such principal officer or officers, two of the Gazettes, or other newspapers, in which such notifications shall be so inserted and published; and if there should not be any publick newspapers in any such island or place, then such person or persons, agent or agents, shall give two such notifications in writing under his or their respective hand or hands

to the said collector, customer, or searcher, or the deputy or deputies of such collector, customer, or searcher, or, where there shall be no such collector, customer, or searcher, to such principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies atore-iaid; and every such collector, customer, or searcher, and prin- Officers of the cipal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies, shall subscribe his or their name or names on some conspicuous part of both the cations said Gazettes, newspapers, or written notifications respectively; anci transmit and by the first ship which shall fail (after his or their receipt of one to Green-such Gazettes, newspapers, or written notifications respectively) ^kofphab from such port or place to any port in Great Britain, shall trans- ^er-e^mit or send to the treasurer of the royal hospital at Greenwich, or the deputy of such treasurer for the time being, one of the said Gazettes, newspapers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the -other of the said two Gazettes, newspapers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names thereon subscribed as j aforesaid, in his or their custody; and that in every such printed or written notification as aforesaid the said person or persons, agent or agents, shall insert, or specify his or their place or places of abode, and the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the several and respective shares of the prize or prizes to the captors; and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published in the London Gazette, three days at least before any part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any person or persons intitled thereto; and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, shall be delivered to the said collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers as aforesaid respectively, pr such respective deputy or deputies, three days at least before any part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any person or persons intitled thereto; after which several and Shares of run respective notifications, if any man's shares shall remain in the en> °J n9t hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such men as shall be run from his Majesty's service, paidbyagents or which shall not be legally demanded within three years, then to Greenwich such share or shares, so remaining in the person's or agent's hospital, hands, or belonging to such men as shall run from his Majesty's service, shall go and be paid to the treasurer Greenwich hospital.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or agent appointed, or to be appointed, for Penalty for appraisement or lale of any prize or prizes taken or to be taken not notifying from the enemy, by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, Payment of

j j j j y i'nn f v

or for the distribution of any bounty money, shall neglect or re- £rnot trans-' fuse to publish, give, or deliver any notification herein directed mitting notifi-or required to be published, given, or delivered, or shall not cations, give, publish, Qr deliver any such notification before the payment

288

Notifications registered at the royal hospital, to be evidence of agency.

Before pay-mentofprizesj a copy of the account of Tales to be exhibited in the court of admiralty, &c.

Penalty for neglect.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

ment of any part of such prize or bounty money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or set forth in such notification the matters and things herein directed to be specified and set forth, every such person or agent shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any collector, customer, or feareher of his Majesty's customs, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive, or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, newspaper, or written notification as aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such collector, customer, or learcher, principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the notifications in all such Gazettes, newspapers, and in writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such collector, customer, or feareher, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of the hand writing of such collector, customer, feareher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, ffom time to time, and at all times, shall be good and sufficient evidence, in all his Majesty's courts of law and equity, that the person or persons whose name or names is or are therein set forth and specified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such agent or agents.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all agents appointed shall, after the sale of any prize is completed, and before the time of the first payment of the prize money to be distributed, exhibit in the respective court of admiralty in which the prize was condemned, or in the high court of admiralty, a copy of their accounts of sales duly verified upon oath, which copy shall be deposited in the publick registry of the court, and all parties interested shall have liberty to object to the charges therein contained; and the said court shall confirm or disallow the accounts, upon hearing the objections, and shall make such further order, touching the said accounts as the case may require; and any agent who shall neglect or refuse to bring in a copy of his accounts at the time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhibited a copy of the said accounts duly verified on oath, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to the use of Greenwich hospital, to be recovered, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection,

privilege,

ralty.

Persons running from his Majesty's service not to be entitled to prize money.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 289

privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and shall moreover be subject to the process of the court of admiralty, until he has obeyed the order of the said court, by exhibiting a copy of the said accounts, duly verified as aforesaid, and until the said accounts shall be duly confirmed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every agent shall, ten Agents to ad-days before he exhibits his account of Lies in the registry of the vertile their high court of admiralty, cause advertisements to be twice in- counts of faks ferted in the London Gazette, notifying to all persons concerned.in the registry that the account of sales of such prize or prizes will be brought of the admi-into the registry of the said court.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons belonging to any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or- to any merchant ship employed in his Majesty's service, who shall run away, or withdraw him or them-feives from the ship or veil'd by which any prize or prizes shall be taken from any of his Majesty's enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's service, before or after notifications shall be given by the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the several shares to the captors of the said prize or prizes, shall have or be inti tied to have, or claim any interest in, or benefit of the said share or shares of the said prize or prizes, or the bounty money aforesaid, or any part thereof, that shall then remain unpaid; but such share and shares of such prize or prizes and bounty money shall go and be paid to the use of Greenwich Hospital, subject to the provisoes and exemptions herein-before mentioned.

LXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all After the first and every person and persons, agent and agents, and others, who distribution of shall fell and otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes, so to be Pr, zes» or of taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's enemies, shall, within account of re-the space of three calendar months next after the day to be ap- ceipts and pay-pointed for the first payment or distribution to the captors of such meats to be, prize or prizes, made in pursuance of such publick notification th^treasurer0 as aforesaid, make out and transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of Greenwich of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, for the time being, or to hospital; such person or persons as he shall for that purpose depute or appoint, a true state and account in writing under the hand or hands of such agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the payments of the several shares to the captors as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and alf'o, that all and every person and persons authorised and appointed by this present act to receive bills for the bounty hereby granted, shall, within the like space of three calendar months next after the day appointed for the first payment or distribution of such bills for the bounty as aforesaid, in like manner make out and transmit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being of the said hospital, or to Ins sufficient deputy, a true state and account in writing under his or their hand or hands of the payment and distribution of such bills; and further, that an(j arter t^e Vol. XXXIX. U all expiration of

290 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

3 years limited all and every person and persons, agents and others, who, by

by this a(ft, a virtue Of this act fnali sell or dispose of any prize or prizes which like amount to, 1 n ..^r. < 1, h,

befodelivered already have been, or shall at any tune or times hereafter be taken

and the ba- from the said enemy by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of lance paid, war, or who shall receive or dispose of any bill or bills for bounty,

such person and persons, agents and others, so felling and dif- posing thereof, shall, within the space of three calendar months

next after the expiration of the term of three years limited by this act, make out an exact account in writing of the produce of such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as also of the payments of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account upon oath, to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and a sufficient deputy and deputies authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of all sum and sums of money as shall be then remaining in such agent or agents, or person or persons custody, power, or.possession, and shall at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

Penaltyfornot

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person delivering ac- and persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the paying'ba1-n0t accOLmt& before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to trans-mjt or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his said deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed in manner and form as herein-before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all and every such sum and sums of money as shall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, custody, or pollection, after the term of three years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, lor every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above the money then in such agent's hands; one third part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two thirds to the said royal hospital, to be recovered, with coifs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Penalty for

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any fraud, collu-frauds in itat- fion, or deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, coming accounts, miu-ed, permitted, or done or suffered, in making, (fating, or balancing any such accounts, then every person or persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and abetters, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, over and above the penalties and punishments indicted by this act, the sum of

one

paying

lances.

Application and recovery of penalty.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 291.

one hundred pounds; one third part whereof to be to the use of his Majesty, and one other third to the use of the said hospital and the other third to the informer who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which noessoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No agent to be That no agent or agents for prizes or bounty money shall be li- sued by run able to be sued, impleacted, or arrested by any person or persons men, unless he who shall be made run from his Majesty's service, in the lift to b 4 duly certified of the names of the officers, seamen, marines, after product soldiers, or others who shall be actually on board any of his Ma- tion of certifi-jesty's ships of war, at the taking of any prize or prizes, un- cate of R. less the person or persons so made run shall, before any action taken brought, obtain a cerficate of his or their R. or R's being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their share or shares of such prizes and bounty monies being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy who subscribed the 1'aid lift, and shall produce such certificate to the said agent or agents respectively, and unless the said agent or agents, on the producing of such certificate or certificates, shall refuse to pay the said prize or bounty money, in case the same be due and payable according to the directions in his Majesty's proclamation, within two months after any such demand mace, and such certificate produced.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every person and persons, agent and agents, already appointed or to be bounty to the appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains cr captain, navy, to be officers or officer, ships companies or ship's company, and inferred in the others, of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, for the ^aZ(: tte* distribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this act, shall insert and pubilfh, or cause to be infer ted and published, under his or their hand or hands, in the London Gazette, three days at Least before the payment or distribution ol any such bounty bill or bounty bills, public!: notification of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such bounty money, and shall insert in every such notinca-'tion the place or places of his or their abode.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases x where a publick notification hath during the Where notifi-

present hostilities been given, or shall be given before the re- cation of pay-

spective times herein-before mentioned, for the gdvino- of noti-pr-ize9 /.-T)*, 5 r, tv a ? n, anci bounties

ncations in Great Briiamy and other parts of his Majesty's do- to the navy

minions, of the payment of any prize or bounty money in respect Hi all be given v

of any oi his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, and the particu- before the

lar and precise day whereon such payment did or shall commence* and the name or names, and place or places of abode without cer-

of the person or persons, agent or agents appointed or to be tain particu-

appointed for the appraisement and sale of any such prize or they shall

prizes, or distribution of any such bounty money, was not or

u2 ttallriods! P "

292 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.

[179?.

shall not be set forth and specified in such publick notification, the person or persons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in his Majesty's high court, or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, or for the distribution of any such bounty money shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the person or persons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, shall, on or before the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the person or persons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and Sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's dominions or for the distribution of any such bounty, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five respectively, give notification, under his or their hand or hands respectively, of the precise day of the month, and the year, appointed for the payment of the shares of Such prize or bounty money respectively, and shall Specify in every such notification his or their place or places of abode; and all Such notifications shall be published or given, and delivered, attested, and transmitted by and to such person and persons, and in Such manner as the notifications to be published or given are herein-b'efore directed and required to be published or given, and delivered, attested, and transmitted.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Application of Said, That all penalties and forfeitures instibted by this act, other penalties not^ than Such as are otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and one moiety to the use of the royal hospital for Seamen at Greemuich.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That al! penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to the life of the said royal hospital at Greemuich by this present act, or by any other act or acts of parliament, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the name of the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent.

LXXo And, for the more speedy bringing of offenders to justice, and to prevent the inconveniences occasioned by the want of frequently holding a session of admiralty for the trial of offences committed on the highJeas, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twelfth dav of June one thousand seven hun-mitte^onThe anc^ ninety-three, a session of oyer and terminer and gaol high leas to be delivery, for the trial of offences committed on the high leas, held twice at within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England\ shall be held nuallyilan* tw^ce at least in every year, at justice hall in the Old Bailey, >'London,

uuici wue uu-

posed of.

All penalties to Greenwich hospital may be Sued for in the name of the commissioners.

A session for the trial of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. # 66. 293

London, (except at such times as the sections of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery for the city of London and county of - Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held) or in such other place, within that part of Great Britain called England.\ and at such times in each year, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high adtni-

o o

ral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by any letter or order in writing under their hands, directed to the judge of the high court of admiralty of England for the time being, appoint.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the twelfth day of June one thousand leven ^Trying°of^hundred and ninety three, it shall and may be lawful not only fences within to and for any one or more of the commissioners for the time the juril'ditffion being, named in the commission of oyer and terminer for the of the admi-trying - of offerees committed within the jurisdictVton of the admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more of the tak^hiforma-justices of the peace for the time being of any county, riding, tions touching division, or place within that part of Great Britain called Eng- offences com-land, and they are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, from time to time, to take any information or informations of cause the par-any witness or witnesses, in writing, upon oath, touching\any ties to be ap-murder, piracy, felony, or robery done or committed, or charged prehendedand to have been done or committed, in or upon the sea, or in any committed; haven, river, creek, or place where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or jurisdiction, and thereupon (if such commissioner or of, or justice or justices of thej^ peace respectively, shall fee cause) by any warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to cause the person or persons accused in such information or informations to be apprehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place wherein the same information or informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due course of law.

LXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the and shall said of or justices of the peace who shall cause any oblige the per -such person or persons to be committed as islaff mentioned, shall, ^Jeffery to^ and he or they is or are hereby respectively required, at the same enter into retime, to oblige all and every such other person or persons whom cognizance to such commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the appear at the peace, shall judge necelliiry to prosecute and give evidence against lc 1011' the person or persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into one or more recognizance or recognizances to his Majesty, in a sufficient penalty, for his, her, or their appearing at the then next section of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England, there to prosecute and give evidence against the person or persons, who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any person shall refute to Persons refu-enter into such recognizance to prosecute or give evidence as reco*ni-shall be required, he, she, or they so refusing shall be committed zance m; fy be by any such commissioner or of, justice or justices, committed, to the gaol of the county or place in which the person so refu-

u 3 sing

Recognizan-r ccs» and informations touching offences, to be transmitted to

the register of the high court of admiralty.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

sing shall be, until the next sessions of admiralty shall be held, or such persons shall enter into such recognizance as shall be required as aforesaid, which recognizance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taken touching the offence or offences wherewith the person or persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, before whom

Marshal of the

warrants.

the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby respectively required to transmit with all convenient speed to the register for the time being of the high court of admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the same court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the marshal of the admiralty for the time being, and his toTxecute X# deputy or deputies, and all sheriffs, bailiffs, stewards, constables, headboroughs, tything men, keepers of gaols and prisons, and all other officers whatsoever for keeping of the peace (as well within liberties as without) shall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorised and required, from time to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey all such precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as shall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given to them or any of them respectively by one or more of the said of named in the commission of oyer and terminer, or justices of the peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this touching any of the matters or things herein contained.

[Continuance of the act.]

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force during the present hostilities with France, and no longer; save and except all such matters and things as shall be depending in judgement in the high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majesty'-S dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Bidtain, at the time when the present hostilities shall cease; and also save and except all such other matters and things which shall be brought in to'judgement before the said high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain, in consequence of any capture or captures made during the present hostilities, or of any offence committed contrary to this act; in respect whereof this act shall continue irt full force, until such matters, and every thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudge*} and determined.

---

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 295

CAP. LXVII.

For better preventing offences in obstructing, defraying, or damaging ships or other vessels, and in obstructing seamen, keelmen, casters, and ship carpenters, from pursuing their lawful occupations.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many seamen, keelmen, casters, and ship carpenters, have of late assembled themselves in great numbers, and have committed many acts of violence; which practices, if continued, may occasion great loss and damage to individuals, and injure the trade and navigation of this kingdom: For the better preventing such violent and injurious practices, and more effectually punishing such offenders, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Seamen, &c. riotously assembled, who shall forcibly prevent the loading, &c. of any vessels, &c. to be committed to prison;]

That if any seamen, keelmen, casters, ship carpenters, or other persons, riotously assembled together, to the number of three or more, at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the present year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully, and with force, prevent, hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading, or the sailing or navigating of any ship, keel, or other vessel, or shall unlawfully and with force board any ship, keel, or other vessel, with intent to prevent, hinder, or obstruct the loading or unloading, or the sailing or navigating of such ship, keel, or other vessel, every seaman, keelman, caster, ship carpenter, and other person, being lawfully convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, upon any indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden respectively in and for the county, shire, riding, division, or district wherein the offence was committed, shall be committed, either to the common gaol for the same county, shire, riding, division, or district, there to continue and remain without bail or mainprize, or to the house of correction for the same county, shire, riding, division, or district, there to continue and remain without bail or main-prize, and to be kept to hard labour for any term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months, in either case respectively.

[as also any such persons who shall forcibly prevent others from working, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman or seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, or other person or persons, at any time after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall unlawfully, and with force, prevent, hinder, or obstruct any seaman or seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, from working at, employing himself in, or exercising his lawful trade, business, or occupation respectively, or shall wilfully and maliciously assault, beat, or wound, or use or commit any bodily violence or hurt to or upon any seaman or

296 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [1793.

seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, with intent to deter, prevent, hinder, or obstruct such seaman or seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, from working at, employing himself in, or exercising his lawful trade, business, or occupation respectively, every seaman, keelman, caster, ship carpenter, and other person, being lawfully convicted of any of the offences last mentioned, upon any indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or general or quarter-sessions of the peace, to be holden respectively in and for the said county, shire, riding, division, or district, wherein the offence was committed, shall be committed, either to the common gaol for the same county, shire, riding, division, or district, there to continue and remain, without bail or mainprize, or to the house of correction for the same county, shire, riding, division, or district, there to continue and remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months, in either case respectively.

[Persons offending a second time, to be guilty of felony,.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman, keelman, caster, ship carpenter, or other person, shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, and shall afterwards offend again in like manner, every such seaman, keelman, caster, ship carpenter, and other person so offending again in like manner, and being lawfully convicted thereof, upon any indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or general or quarter-sessions of the peace respectively, to be holden in and for the county, shire, riding, division, or district, wherein the offence was committed, shall, for such second and every subsequent offence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, for any space of time or term of years, not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years.

[Act not to extend to matters done by the authority of his Majesty.]

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That none of the pains, penalties, or punishments hereinbefore inflicted, or authorized to be inflicted, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to any act, deed, matter, or thing whatsoever, committed, done, or suffered in the service, or under or by virtue of the authority of his said Majesty, or his successors; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Seamen, &c. wilfully setting fire to any ship, to suffer death;]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman or seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, or other person or persons, shall, at any time after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, wilfully and maliciously burn or set fire to any ship, keel, or other vessel, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, to be holden in and for the county, shire, riding, division, or district wherein the offence was committed,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 297

shall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

[and destroying or damaging them by any other means, to be transported.]

---

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman or seamen, keelman or keelmen, caster or casters, ship carpenter or ship carpenters, or other person or persons, shall, at anytime after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, wilfully and maliciously destroy or damage any ship, keel, or other vessel, (otherwise than by fire,) every seaman, keelman, caster, ship carpenter, and other person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or general or quarter-sessions of the peace, to be holden respectively in and for the county, shire, riding, division, or district wherein the offence was committed, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, for any space of time or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years.

[Offences committed on the high seas triable in any session for trial of offences committed thereon.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the offences hereinbefore described or mentioned, shall be committed on the high seas; then, and in every such case, the offence or offences so committed shall be triable, and the person or persons so offending may be prosecuted and tried, by virtue of this Act, in any session of Oyer and Terminer, and gaol delivery for the trial of offences committed on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Prosecutions to be commenced within a year.]

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no person or persons shall be prosecuted, by virtue of this Act, for any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution be commenced within twelve calendar months after the offence committed.

[Continuance of Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for remedying inconveniences attending certain proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales, and for the county palatine of Chester, in the court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lancaster, in the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, and in the county courts in Wales.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS persons against whom judgements may be obtained

in the courts of great sessions in Wales, the court great fcfions for the county palatine of Chester, the court of common picas for the county palatine of Lancaster, and the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and rfcSls bey ond the jurflidlion of such

298

Where final judgements lha 11 be obtained in the courts of great, ft'lb ons in Wales, &c. and the persons or effects cannot be found within thejuvifdidtion of the court, any court of record at W estminster may issue execution, See.

Clauses in 34 Hen. 8. c. 26. enabling, that the flic riffs in Wales, in plaints under 40s. may award a capias, Sec. and that no judgement be flayed by any writ of false judgement, repealed.

No execution to be stayed by any such writ, unless the pro-fix u for enter

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1793.

courts: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That fn all cases where final judgement shall be obtained in any action or suit, in any of the said courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, upon affidavit made before a judge, or commissioner authorised to take affidavits in such court, and filed therein, of such judgement being obtained, and diligent search and enquiry having been made after the person or persons againsi: whom such final judgement shall be obtained, on his, her, or their effects, and of execution having issued againsi: the person or persons, or effects, as the case may be, of such person or persons, againsi: whom such final judgement shall be obtained, and that the person or persons, or effects of such person or persons, are not to be found within the jurisdiction of such court, to cause a transcript of the record of the said judgement to be removed into such court at Westminster; and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, againsi: the person or persons, or effects of such person or persons, againsi: whom, such final judgement shall be obtained, in such manner as as upon judgements obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff upon every such execution shall, and he is hereby authorised to detain the person or persons against whom such execution shall be issued, until the sum of forty shillings be paid to him, or to levy that sum out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the person or persons by whom such final judgement shall be obtained in such court subsequent to the said judgement, and of the execution in the said court at Westminster, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

II. And whereas by an act3 passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King Henry the Eighth, intitluef An act for certain ordinances in the King's dominions and principality of Wales, it is^ amongf other things, enable f That the sheriff of the several counties or /hires fiz Wales in the said act mentioned, upon every judgement had before him in his county or hundred courts in any plaint under

forty shillings, may award a Capias ad satisfaciendum to arref the party condemned -3 and it is also enacted, That no execution of any judgement given or to be given in any court in the said act mentioned be fayed or deferred by reason of any writ of false judgement, but that executio7i ?nay be had and made at all times before the rev erf al of the said judgement, the pursuit of the said writ notwithstanding: be it furr ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several clauses aforesaid in the said act shall be, from and after the passing of this act, repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no execution shall be flayed upon or by any writ of false judgement for the reversing of any judgement given in any county court in Wales, unless the person or persons who shall prosecute the faiclwrit be first

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 299

bound unto the party or parties for whom the said judgement shall into a recog-have been given, in a recognizance with twosufficient sureties, such nizance> &c* as the sheriff in the said court shall approve and allow, in the sum of ten pounds (except where the sum adjudged for costs and damages shall exceed the sum of ten pounds, and in such case in double the sum so adjudged), to prosecute the said writ with effect, and also to pay and satisfy, if the said judgement be affirmed, or the said writ abated or nonprosted, all and Angular the damages and costs adjudged, and also the costs and damages awarded for the delay of execution; the acknowledgement of which recognizance the said sheriff is hereby authorised and required to take and file amongst the proceedings of his said court; and for the caption and filing whereof the sum of one shilling, and no more, shall be paid to the said sheriff by the person or persons who shall prosecute the said writ: and in case of a breach of the condi- In case of tion of such recognizance, the conuzee or conuzees thereof may breach of re-have and maintain an action of debt on the same, in any of his a^orfof debt Majesty's courts of record in Wales, against the conuzors, or may main-either of them, to recover all and singular the damages and tained. costs in the said recognizance mentioned.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders brought or carried coastwise into Scotland; and for granting other duties on licences to fell certain distilled spirituous liquorsy in lieu thereof.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the duties on coals, culm or cinders brought coastwise into any port in that pari of Great Britain called Scotland, and to substitute other duties in lieu thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the several and respective rates and duties charged and imposed by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his jpresent Majesty, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof for or in respedi of any coals, culm, or cinders brought or carried coastwise in any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said act, or by any other act or acts of parliament for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties upon coals, culm, or cinders brought or carried coastwise into any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no

From July 5, 1793, duties irnpoled by' 27 Geo. 3. c. 13, on coals, Szc. carried coastwise in Scotland, to cease.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1793.

longer put in execution, save only and except in all cases relating to the recoveing any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred, or to any bond or other security for or in respect of the said rates and duties which shall have been given or granted upon, or at any time before the said fifth day of July one thoitfand seven hundred and ninety-three; anything contained in the said act, or in any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

From OSt. 10,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, I?t9 Ti perforiS from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hun-Aqua Vit in dred and ninety-three, all and every person or persons who shall Scotland to retail any spirits made or distilled from malt, corn, grain, bar* take out an ley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, and which spirits are excite licence, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita*, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall take out an excise licence, authorising such person or persons to retail Arch spirits; which licences shall be severally granted by the respective persons, and in the manner required and directed by an act made in 30 Geo. 3. c. the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 3* An act for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and

fwcets, and upon licences for retailing distilled spirituous liquors; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof with respect to licences granted to retail dealers under the said act; and the persons to whom such licences shall be granted shall be subject and liable to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, penalties and forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the said act, relative to such licences, except where the same shall be express, altered by this act, and shall be granted to the persons who shall apply for the same, on the person or persons applying for the same first paying for such licences the several sums of money following; that is to say.

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any person or persons to retail such spirits within the limits of any royal burgh, burgh of barony, or regality, in any part of Scotland, or in any place in any other part of Scotland, other than in the highlands of Scotland there shall be charged the yearly sum of two pounds

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any person or persons to retail such spirits within the several counties and districts of the highlands of Scotland, (the royal burghs, burghs of barony, or regality therein excepted), there shall be charged the yearly sum of one pound.

Act not to extend to

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or persons hav- construec| to extend, to compel any person to take out a licence turret ad efo-C to retail spirits called Aqua Vitas, who shall have duly obtained an reign spirits. excise licence for retailing foreign spirits under the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 301

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Persons retail-aforesaid, That nothin g in this a ft contained shall extend to

exempt any person or persons in Scotland, who shall retail any pja]*n ^qUa spirits distilled from melasses, sugar, or foreign materials, or any Vitae, to take compound spirits whatever, or any distilled spirituous liquors, or out licences as strong waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from malt, Q^iredcb^3g° corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or British materials, from tak- e*3*0 ing out a licence for that purpose in the manner directed and required by the said act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of - his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons felling all and every person and persons, in that part of Great Britain le*s than called Scotland, who shall feil, offer or expose to sale, any spirits, f^n^of Aqua: made or distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or vitse, tobe other British materials, commonly called and known by the name deemed re-of Aqua Vita:, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other tailers. ingredients, in any less quantity than half a galion, English wine

measure, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of such spirits within the meaning of this act; and if any spirits, made or distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other ingredients, shall at any time be sold, offered or exposed to sale, by any person or persons whatsoever, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any quantity less than half a galion, Eng-Ujh wine measure, such felling, offering or exposing to sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of such spirits, ' within the meaning of this act.

[No person to have a retail

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be licensed as aforesaid, for retailing spirits, unless he, she, or they shall also be duly licensed and au- ]{ced1ce>'T*10 \ -r\ n- n ru i t, shall not have

thoriled by the justices or magistrates to fell beer, ale, or other abeerlicence

exciseable liquors by retail.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nor any jif. That no licence or licences for the retailing of such spirits as tillery, Scc. aforesaid, shall be granted to any person or persons who do or shall at the time exercise the trade of a distiller, rectifier, grocer, or chandler, or keep a toll bar, or a brandy {hop or fliops, for sale of any spirituous liquors, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and any licence which shall be granted to any such person or persons, or to any other person or persons for his, her, or their benefit or use, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wholesale That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand dealers in any seven hundred and ninety-three, every person or persons in Scotland, who shall fell, or deal in by wholesale, any spirits made or Aqua Vitse, distilled from melasses, sugar, or foreign materials, or any com- except licens-pound spirits, or distilled spirits, liquors, or strong waters, other V. distillers, than plain Aqua Vita, distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, ^Uc/nces beer, bigg, or other British materials, not being a licensed dif- as brandy

tiller dealers,

3° 2

agreeably to 2 Geo. 3. left, a. c. 41.

Wholesale dealers in Aqua Vitas, not being distillers, &c. to take out a 3l. licence.

Penalty on whole salt* dealers felling lets than certain quantities.

What shall be deemed the highlands.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6g. [*1793.

tiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, or retailer or retailers, of spirits, shall be subject and liable to take out and pay for a licence for that purpose, in the manner directed and required in the case of brandy dealers, or persons felling brandy, or other spirituous liquors, by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a Si for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein mentioned; and shall also be subject and liable to the same duty, and to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures contained and provided in and by the said act, relative to brandy dealers, or persons felling brandy or other spirituous liquors.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every person or persons in Scotland who shall by wholesale fell or deal in spirits made and dif- -tilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua - Viter-) in that part of the united kingdom, not being a licensed distiller or distillers, rectifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders, retailer or retailers of spirits, shall be subject and liable to take out a licence for that purpose, and to pay for the same the yearly sum of three pounds, in the manner directed and required by, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures as are contained in the said act: of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty relative to brandy dealers, or persons Idling brandy or other spirituous liquors.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid in that part of Great Britain cal led Scotland, to fell or deal in by wholesale any spirits made or di{billed from meiafies, sugar, or foreign materials, or compound spirits, or distilled spirituous liquors, or strong waters, other than plain Aqua Viter y distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, shall fell any such spirits in any less quantity than two galions, English wine measure; or if any person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ to fell or deal by wholesale in spirits made or distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other BritisJ) materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita, in that part of the united kingdom, shall fell any such spirits in any less quantity than half a galion, English wine measure, every such person shall be deemed a retailer of such respective spirits without licence, and shall be subject to the penalty by this act imposed and provided in case of retailing spirits without licence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the highlands of Scotland shall, for the purposes of this act, be deemed and taken to comprehend the whole of the several counties of Orkney, Caithnefsf Sutherland\ Eofs, Cromarty, Inverness, Argyll, Bute, and Nairn

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 303

and also such parts of the several counties of Dumbarton, Stirling Perth, Forfar, and Kincardine, as lie to the eastward of a certain line beginning at the boat of Balloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the river Leven, in the county of Dumbarton, and proceeding eastward along the great military road from thence to Bitcklivie in the county of Stirlings from thence in a certain line northward to Thornhill, and frojn thence to Dumblane and Auchterarder in the county of Perth, and from Auchterarder in a line proceeding in a north-east direction to a certain poinif west of the town of Perth, and distant therefrom two miles, and from thence in A line northward to the boat of Kinclaven on the river Tay in the same county of Perth, and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrymuir in the county of Forfar, and from Kerrymuir by the foot and south side of the Grampian Hills till they terminate near the river Dee within three miles to the westward of Aberdeen, and all parts to the north and north-west of the said line of boundary, excepting always from and out of such part of the said highlands the limits of any royal burgh, burgh of barony or regality, as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-first year of the Geo. 3. c. reign of his present Majesty, for the better and more effectually 55> recited m securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the Part# management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein, it was enacted, That if any person who Jha.ll fell or deal in any sort of spirituous liquors should receive or buy or procure or employ any person to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life, any British made spirituous liquors (except at the publick files of such British made spirituous liquors as had been condemned, and vaere fold under the direction of the commissioners of excise), of any person or persons other than a maker, difiller, rectifer, or compounder of spirituous liquors for sale, over the outward door of whose fillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, Shop, cellar, vault, or other place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping ^British made spirituous liquors, should be painted the words,

Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, (as the case should be), as by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually preventing frauds by private distillers, and for the better securing the duties on low wines and spirits, was directed and prefer ibed, every such person so offending should forfeit and lose for every such offence the Jiirn of five hundred pounds: and whereas it is expedient to allow entered and licensed dealers in, or retailers of, British made spirituous liquors in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being dfiliers, rectifiers, or compounders of British made spirituous liquors, to receive or buy, or to procure or employ any person to receive or buy, for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, British made spirituous liquors of any entered dealer or retailer of British made spirituous liquors: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all entered Dealers in or and licensed dealers in, or retailers of, British made spirituous li- grj

quors in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being dif- fpl

tilierits in Scot-

3°+

land, not being distillers, &c. may buy British made spirits of any licensed dealer or retailer.

Penalty for sending out a greater quantity than four gallons of mixed spirits.

All laws relating to the excise to extend to this act.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer, and carried tc the Consolidated Fund.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. f 1 y93.

tiliers, re&ifiers, or compounders of British made spirituous liquors, to receive or buy, or procure or employ any person to receive or buy, for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, any British made spirituous liquors of any entered or licensed dealer in, or retailer of, British made spirituous liquors; any thing in the said recited claule, or in any other act or acts of parliament, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever in that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall fell or send out any British spirits, mixed with foreign spirits, from his, her, or their warehouses, ffore-houses, rooms, {hops, cellars, vaults, sheds, or other places, to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater quantity than four galions, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjuding or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same except-

) ed) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of the fund called The Consoli dated Fund.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repealing the duties and drawbacks on figss and for granting and allowing other duties and dravabacks in lieu thereof; for charging a duty on the importation, and allowing a drawback on the exportation, of virginal wire of copper $ for empowering the commifioners of the cuforns to author ife their officers to make allowance for damages received by goods during the voyage 5 and for authorising the of of the cufoms and excise to fell vessels, liable to be broken up, to private persons, to be used as privateers.

[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt); it is, amongf other things, enacted, Fhat if any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever* on which specifick duties are payable by the said act, according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure thereof and which fall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eightyfseven, (except wine, tobacco, raifns, and currants)$ fall receive any damage by salt water, dr otherwise, during the course of the voyage, after such goods, wares, or merchandize fall have been laden or sipped in foreign parts, and before the same fall be un-sipped or discharged from the fip or vessel in which they fall have been imported into Great Britain, so that the owner thereof fall be prejudiced in the sale of such goods, wares or merchandize, the principal officers of the citffoms, or any two of them, (whereof the collector for the time being fall be one), the proof of such damage being first ascertained in the manner required by law, and immediately before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hwidred and eighty-seven, fall have power lo choose two indifferent merchants, experienced in the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, who, upon viewing the same, fall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, first administered by the said officers, who are hereby authorised and im-poivered to administer the same, what damage such goods, wares, or merchandize have received, and how much the fa?ne are lessened in their true value, according to such da?nage, in relation to the duties set on them in the schedule thereunto annexed^ marked (A); and thereupon the proper officers fall and they are thereby authorised and required to make a Just, reasonable, and proportionable allowance to the merchant, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and zohich shall have been dftually paid for the fenne: and whereas frequent dfputes do a rife between the officers of the cuff 07ns and the

y oi" xxxix, x merchants3

[Preamble.]

zj Geo. 3. c. 13, recited.

306 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1793.

mercha?its, in adjusting the allowance in regard to figs; it having been found by experience extremely difficult to distinguish what damage fuel? goods have received by unavoidable accidents in the course of the voyage, from the decay they are liable to by heating, if of an inferior quality, or packed in bad condition, before they are flipped in foreign parts; which has put the merchants trading in that commodity at different ports of this kingdom upon an unequal footings and been prejudicial to the publick revenue: now, for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's nioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Hecited aft, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said herein-be-,

fofat asie- fore recitec[ aA f0 far as the same relates to making any allow-lates to allow- r .'r^rJ,

anee for da- ance for damage (by way of return or repayment out of the du-

mage of hgs, ties) on figs, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, made void,

repealed; and shall no longer be put in pradfice; any thing in the said act:

to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, in consideration of the said recited act being repealed, as to the allowance for damage on figs, it may be reasonable to make the merchants importing figs a compensation (for the allowance they would have been entitled, to) by lowering the duties on the importation of figs; be it therefore further enacted by the authority and also the aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the duties portation and to Pa^ on t^e imPortati°ib and the drawbacks to be allowed drawbacks on on the exportation of figs by virtue of the said recited act, shall exportation of be and the same are hereby repealed (except as to the recovery ^?s.' ,n ?^eu 2nd payment of arrears), and instead and in lieu thereof the duties

fh<=>ir 1 J, .11111 -

on the importation, and the drawbacks on the exportation of hgs shall be respectively as follows, (videlicet)

Duty. Drawback, s. d. s. d.

If imported in a British-bm\t ship, — the 1

hundred weight - - J 10 O92

If imported in a foreign ship — the hun-7

dred weight - - - j 10 92

VY 11IA- LilV. y

shall be as follow:

Duty and drawback.

III. And whereas by the said recited act passed in the twenty -seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, a duty of f even pounds fix findings and eleven-pence per hundred weight is imposed upon the importation, and a drawback of six pounds twelve j.hillings and eleven-A duty of 7I Pef7Ce Per hundred weight is allowed on the - exportation of virginal 6s. 1 id. per wire of brajs: and whereas it is expedient that the like duty should be cwt. 'to be imposed on the importation, and the like drawback allowed on the ex-paici on im-^portation, of virginal wire of copper: be it therefore further enacted - dVawbackIol' ^ie authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this 61. 1 is. 1 id. ach, a duty of seven pounds six shillings and eleven-pence per to be allowed hundred weight shall be paid upon the importation, and a draw-ti-nolv?1' of pounds twelve shillings and eleven-pence per hundred

nalVdre'ofU weight be allowed upon the exportation of virginal wire of copper.

copper.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. jol 307

IV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That Duties and the several duties and drawbacks by this act respectively imposed ^aV^C^!ct0 and allowed shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, according To allowed, and applied in like manner, and under such and the same recited act. rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the

duties on the importation, and the drawbacks on the exportation, of figs and virginal wire of brass respectively, are respectively now raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited a£E

V. And whereas by the /'aid recited act passed in the twenty fseventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the principal officers of the tujlorns, or any two of them (vjhereof the collector for the time being to be one) are impowered, in the case of goods which have been duly proved to have received damage during the course of the voyage, to choose tiuo indifferent merchants, experienced in the values of such goods, who upon viewing the same shall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, what damage such goods, wares, or merchandize have received, and how much the same are lessened in their true value, according to such daonage, in relation to the duties set on them in the schedule to the said act annexed, marked (A); and thereupon the proper officers are to make a just, reasonable, and proportionable allowance to the merchant$ by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and which shall have been actually paid for the same: and whereas it is expedient to impower the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland reffectively to authorise their officers to ?nake allowance for damage, in order that, if the importer of the goods shall be satisfied

therewith, the calling in of merchants to ascertain the quantum of damage, as directed by the said recited act, may not be resort ed to; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Commission-the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any four or ers of the cui-more of of the customs in England, and any three or thdr officers^ more of of the customs in Scotland respectively, to to examine authorise such officers under their respective management as they goods da-shall judge proper, in the case of goods, wares, or merchandize maged on the which shall have received damage during the course of the voyage to rnake a pro-(the proof of such damage being first ascertained in the manner portionable required bylaw), to view and examine such goods, wares, or allowance out merchandize, and to certify what damage such goods, wares, or duties;

merchandize have received, and bow much the same are lessened in their true value, according to such damage, in relation to the duties fer on them in the schedule annexed to the said recited abf, marked (A); and thereupon the commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them, in England, and the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, shall direbf a just, reasonable, and proportionable allowance to be made to the importer of such goods, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and which shall have been actually paid for the same: provided always, That if the importer but if the im-of such goods shall not be satisfied with the allowance so made, {yjTTTw'th or the said officers so authorised by the said of shall the°allow-represent themselves to be incompetent to determine what will be ance, or the

X 2 a just, officers in-

24 Geo. 3. fef. 2. c. 47

308 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 71, 72. [1793.

competent to a just, reasonable, and proportionable allowance in any particular

th^directions ca^e> t^len^ru^ss' regu^ations anc^ directions of the said recited of the recited a<^ rel°rted to, and duly observed and complied with, in

act to be fob regard to ascertaining the quantum of such damage, on the oaths lowed. of two indifferent merchants.

VI. And whereas by an act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, in- tltuled\ An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom; it is, amongst other things, enabled. That in case any ship or vessel, liable to be broken up or destroyed, shall be necessary and ft for the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may be lawful for the of of the cufo?ns or excise respectively, if they think proper, to cause such ship or vessel, infead of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissiioj'iers of the navy, for that purpose: and whereas it is expedient, during the present hostilities, to authorise the com?niffiioners of his Majesty's cufoms or excise respectively to dispose of J.hips or vessels, which shall or may, on cofidemnation, be liable to be broken up, to private persons, for the purpose of being used againf the enemy as private ships, under comm iff on from the lord high ad-?niral cf Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-vessels may be ful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs and excise refold to be used spe(^ive]y to sell and dispose of any ship or vessel which, on con-fls privateers*j % j

*'demnation, shall or may be liable to be broken up, to private

persons, for the purpose of being used against the enemy, under commission from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Application of Great Britain for the time being; and one moiety of the produce the produce. Gf such sale, after charges of condemnation and other charges are deducted, to be paid into the exchequer, for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the officer who sued and prosecuted fof the same.

CAP. LXXI.

Condemned

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling pott, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

[June 17, 1793.]

Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26, recited. The treasury may let to farm the duty on pott horses in separate distiids. Contracts not to continue longer than the first of February, 1797. Power of recited act to extend to this act.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[June 21, x 793 If

3, 464, 000b

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72.

3, 464, 0001. maybe issued out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, Sec. Orders for repayment to be registered, and paid in course.

No fee to be taken for registering, &c. on penalty of treble value and costs, and also loss of place. For undue preference in registering, Sec. liable to action, and to pay the value of the debt with full costs, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable, and auditor and clerk of the pells and tellers of the exchequer liable to the same. Not to be deemed undue preference, which orders of the same date brought the same day are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present sessions; the provisions of which ad (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest. See. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act. 435, 6961. is. 7d. iq. surplus of the consolidated fund on Jan. 5, 1793. Monies raised by the land tax, malt ad, loans, 2, 000, 000l. further loans,

2, 000, ooool. annuities; lottery; 435, 6961 is. 7<1. iq. surplus of the con-fplidated fund on Jan. 5, 1793; 3, 464, 000b hereby granted out of the consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 3, 396, 915b 5s iod. for naval services in 1793. 575, 000b for navy debt. 320b 6s. 9d. for land service of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 15, 095b 16s. jd. for land service of the ordnance in 1793.]. 6, 826b 15s. 4d. for the same in 1792. 32, 068b

15s. 4d. for sea service of the same in 1793.]# 448, 374b 19s. 9d. for land

service of the same in 1793. 281, 079b 18s. 8d. for the same in 1793.

9, 802b 5s. to repair the damages done to the Cobb at Lyme Regis, by the violent storm which happened on the 24th and 25th of January, 1792. 3)968, 5591. 8s. 3d. for land forces in 1793; viz. 579, 174b 18s. id. 2q. for 17, 344 effective men, officers, Sec. in Great Britain, Sec, 351, 3851.1s. iod. for forces in the plantations of Gibraltar and New South Wales. 11, 559l.

17s. 1 id. difference between British and Irish establishments of regiments in Gibraltar and the West Indies for 1793. 8, 323b 17s. iod. 2q. for regiments in the Just Indies. 117, 500b for recruiting and contingencies, See.

6, 409b 8s. for general and staff officers in Great Britain. 13, 940b 8s. lid. for supernumerary officers. 52, 964b 6s. 7d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, Sec. 156, 797b 18s. 4d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 202b is. 8d. for reduced officers, 8cc. of the horse guards.

3, 000b for officers late in the service of the states general. 55, 092b 10s. for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 4, 907b 10s. for allowances to them. 9, 313b 6s. 3d. for widows' pensions. 177, 995b 2s. id. for Chelsea hospital. 278, 122b 14s. 2d. for the militia of several counties in South Britain, and 72, 000b for their contingencies, Sec. 437, 857b is.

1 id. for an augmentation to the forces. 130, 9?ol. for independent companies. 32, 520b for additional general and staff officers in Great Britain. 385, 458b 2s. 6d. for the militia of several counties in South Britain, from, theiv respective commencements to December 24, 1793, and 65, 000b for their contingencies, &c. 15, 639b 5s. ud. for a corps of light dragoons V'

in Jamaica, Sec. 238, 253b 14s. 8d. for Hanoverian troops, and 217, 598l. for their levy money, See. 109, 682b 16s. 9d. for fencibles in North Britain, &c. 140, 000b for cloathing the militia. 59, 066b 3s. 7d. for aug-

mentation to the first regiment of dragoon guards, Sec. 337, 865b is. 2d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1792. 3, 500, 000b to pay off exchequer bills, 32 Geo. 3. 2, 000, 000b to discharge further ditto, ditto.

37, 657b 17s. 3d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons, 6, 700b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada, from December 31*

1792, to December 31, 1793. 5, 315b for the like at Nova Scotia, from J.anuary 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794. 4, 400b for New Brunswick in America, from June 24, 1793, to June 24, 1794. 1, 900b for the island of St.

John in America, from January 1, 1793, to January r, 1794. i, 8ool. for the island of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1793, to June 24,

310 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73, 74. [1793.

1794* 1, 1821.108. for the charge of salaries of the governor and civil offi-

cers in the island of Newfoundland, from April i, 1793, to April i, 1794. 4, 2501. for the civil establishment of the Bahama islands, in addition to the salaries now paid out of the duty fund, from January 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794- 5 Sol. to the chief justice of the Bermuda or Somers islands* from June 24, 1793, to June 24, 1794* 600l. to the chief justice of the

island of Dominica, from January 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794. 4, 657b 18s. 2q. for the civil establishment of New South Wales, from October 10, 1792, to October 10, 1793. 13, 000b for forts in Africa. 4, 500b for

roads and bridges in the Highlands of North Britain. 500l. issued to John Dailey, for charges in executing 29 Geo. 3. c. 64. i.6ool. issued to the of of the land revenues. 218, 041b 7s, 4d. for part of orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for relies of American sufferers. 58, 500b 17s. 6d. for ditto, made out purfumt to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the same purpose. 56, 3701 15s 8d. for provisions lent to New South Wales, &c. 3, 727b 12s. for expences of the trial of War-en Hastings,

esquire. 11, 021b 4s. 5d. issued to Duncan Campbell, esquire, for convicts on the river Thames. 12, 407b is. 4T 2q. to James Bradley, esquire, for convicts in Langftone and Portsmouth harbours. 200, 000b to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt. 26, 000b issued to Thomas Cotton, esquire, for relief of American sufferers. 15.643b 4s. 6d. issued to Meffirs. Cotton and Chinnery, for removing of black people to the Sierra Leone ilttlement. 386b 15s. 6d. issued to William Chinnery, esquire, for provi 'ens for emigrants from the Highlands of Scotland to Nova Scotia. 1.008b 4s. issued to Joseph White, esquire, for land tax on salaries of the officers for auditing publick accounts 5 897b 5s. issued to Charles Goddard, esquire, to satisfy a bill drawn by fir Morton Eden, for expences of the duke of York at Berlin. 1, 146b 8s. issued to William Pollock, esquire, for expences of the Isle of Man of 13, 800b 15s. issued for gratuities to tettlers in Upper Canada. 3, 000b to the trustees of the British Museum. 1, 4531 16s. 4d. 2q. issued to the marquis of Sahfbury, for work done at the house of commons. 1, 4201 3s issued to» Tho.nas Cotton, esquire. for settlers in this kingdom from Nova Scotia. 225, 325b 2s. 4'J for deficiency of grants in 1792 Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By 32 Geo. 3. c. 35. 159, 7971. 10s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1792. The overplus of which sum may be dilpoied of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping, and carrying Haves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

[June 17, 1793.] — Continued to Aug. 1, 1794

CAP. LXXIV.

An MlI for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 17, 1793.]

Preamble, WHEREAS the regulations introduced by the actsy made in the twenty-third and thirtieth years of the reign of his present, Geo. 3. c. Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and i8.and3o Geo. expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, having

3. c. 5, recit- in general been found useful and beneficial to the publicity it is proper €Ch that they should, with fuel? variations and amendments as experience

hath fnggefied\ be continued, and that other and farther regulations fi?ould be made for attaining the same salutary ends 3 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 311

acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all sequestrations already awarded, or that Sequestrations shall at any time prior to the commencement of this adft be ^a[heredted awarded under the authority of the said two acts, or either of-acts to be fol-them, shall be carried on to a conclusion, and the estates thereby lowed out, uu-sequestrated shall be managed and divided in the manner, and less renewed according to the rules prescribed by the said acts, unless the court uncler this act', of session, upon cause shewn, shall order the sequestration to be renewed under this present ait, which shall commence from and immediately after the passing thereof.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Act of Scot-actions and questions arising upon the construction and effect of Extended to an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thou- persons sand six hundred and ninety-six, chapter live, intituled An act abroad, See. for declaring notour bankrupts, when the debtor is out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege, or personal protection, a charge of horning executed against him, together with either an arrestment of any of his effects not looted or discharged within fifteen days, or a poinding executed of any of his moveables, or a decree of adjudication of any part of his effate, for payment or security of debt, shall, when joined with insolvency, be sufficient proof of notour bankruptcy, and from and after the last step of such diligence, the said debtor, if insolvent, shall be holden and deemed a notour bankrupt; and every person, whether he be out of Scotland or not, whose effate shall be sequestrated under the authority of this present act, shall also be holden and deemed a notour bankrupt in all questions upon the said act of one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, from and after the date of the first deliverance on the petition to the court of session for awarding the sequestration.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when Paripaflu pre-a debtor is made notour bankrupt in terms of the said act made -ference of ar-in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, as now ex- certTiTcafcs tended, all arrestments which shall have been used for attaching any effects of such bankrupt within sixty days prior to the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months thereafter, shall be ranked, pari pajfu, in the same manner as if such arrestments had been of the same date; and that in time coming, letters or precepts of arrestment bearing to be upon a depending action may be granted summarily, upon production of the libelled summons, and it shall be no objection to the pari pafjii preference hereby established, that the summons upon which any arrestment proceeds was not executed, or that the debt upon which it is founded was not liquidated at the date of the arrestment: providing always, That these and all other necessary steps are afterwards taken without any undue delay; and in case the first or any subsequent arrester shall in the meantime have obtained a decree of forthcoming or preference, and thereupon have recovered payment^ he shall nevertheless be accountable for the sum recovered

Arrestments at

market croi's, &c. no sufficient interpellation.

Poindedgoods to be sold by roup.

Pari passu pre ference of poindings in certain circumstances.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

to those who, by virtue of this act, may be eventually found to have a pari pnffii preference thereon, and shall be liable to an action at their instance, for payment to them proportionally, after allowing out of the fund the expence of making it effectual; and further providing, that if there be any arrestments used for attaching the same effects after the period of four months subsequent to the bankruptcy, such arrestments shall not compete with those used prior to the period aforesaid, hut may rank with one another, according to the former law and practice.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an ar-reftment executed at the market cross of Edinburgh, and pier and shore of Leith, to attach the effects of the debtor, as in the hands of a person out of Scotland, shall not be held to have inter-pelled such person from paying to the original creditor, unless proof be made that he or those having authority to act for him were previously in the knowledge of such arrestment having been so used.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in future the messenger or other officer employed in executing a poinding for debt, shall leave in the hands of the debtor a schedule of the poinded goods, and note of the appraised values (one appraisement being in every case sufficient), and shall forthwith report his execution of poinding to the Sheriff, or other judge ordinary, who shall give directions for felling the goods poinded by publick roup, after such publication, and at such time and place as circumstances may require, any person who intromits with or carries off the goods in the meantime, in order to disappoint the poinding, being liable in double the appraised value thereof; and the net sum arising from the sale, after deduction of all charges, or the goods, in case no offerers appear, shall be delivered over to the poinding creditor, a note or minute of the transaction being kept by the clerk, to be made patent to all concerned, for a fee of one shilling.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when a person has been rendered notour bankrupt as aforesaid, no poinding of the moveables belonging to such bankrupt used within sixty days before the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months thereafter, shall give a preference to such poinder, but that every other creditor of the bankrupt, having liquidated grounds of debt, or decrees for payment, and summoning such poinder before the said four months are elapsed, shall be entitled to a proportional share of the price of the goods so poinded, effeiring to his debt, deducting always the expence of such poinding, together with ten per centum more on the said price or appraised value, which the poinder shall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, the said debt being thereby so far diminished in the competition with them: and providing also, that all poindings after the four months shall have such preference as they were entitled to by former law and practice, saving always the landlord's right of hypothec for rents, or any other hypothec known in law* which shall be nowise hurt or

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.'313

impaired by any thing contained in this act: and provided also, that in the case of a sequestration under this act, the pan pajfu preference of arrestments and poindings shall be regulated as herein after directed.

VII. And whereas an add of the parliament of Scotland, in the Acts of Scot-

year one thousand six hundred and eighty-one^ chapter seventeen, in- land of 1681 tituled, An act concerning the sale of bankrupt's lands, required [failed

certain forms of publication and citation, which in practice have*

been found to be expenfve and inconvenient; and another act of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, chapter fix, intituled, Act regulating the sale and payment of bankrupt's estate, made it lawful for purchasers of such

estates to consign the price after a certain time, in the hands of the magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, which method has been found inconvenient, and has fieldom been practised; and by an article in the regulations of the session established in the same year, one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, section twenty-six, it was provided that the ranking of the creditors should proceed and be concluded by decree before the sale of the lands, which regulation has generally been prejudicial to the creditors; be it enacted, That the said in and repealed, part recited acts shall be, and the same are hereby in so far repealed; and the court of session shall have full power to make Judicial sales acts of sederunt for abridging the forms of publication and cita- of elates, tion, and regulating the proceedings in processes of sale, ranking, and division, whether at the instance of creditors or of apparent heirs; and in every case of a sale under the authority of Purchasers the court of session, it shall be lawful to the purchaser at any Ies°^the term of Whitsunday or Martinmas subsequent to the term of pay- bank, &c, ment of the price, to lodge the price, with the interest: due upon it, in the royal bank or bank of Scotland, at such interest: as can be procured for it, by doing which, and by giving notice thereof to the agent who carried on the sale, he shall be discharged of the said price; and further, the court of session, upon the application of any of the creditors, shall be impowered to make an order on the purchaser to lodge the price and interest: at any of the said terms, subsequent to the term of payment, in one or other of the said banks, fuf&cient intimation being always previously given both to the purchaser and to the common agent for the creditors, that such application is made, in order that all parties may have an opportunity to object; and in all cases of Sales may prejudicial sales, the lands or other heritable subjects may be brought cede ranking, to actual sale so soon as the necessary previous steps are taken, whether the ranking be concluded or not, unless the court, upon application of any party concerned, shall find sufficient cause to delay the sale.

VIII. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the corifirufiion of an act, made in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety, chapter twenty, intituled, Act anent the sale of bankrupt's lands, in so far as it requires that the common debtor be found bankrupt, and utterly

insolvent; be it enacted, That a judicial sale? at the instance of ^ofvenc0°ne^ creditors, may in all cases proceed where the interest of the debts cefTary^or U

and sales.

314 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

and the other annual burdens exceed the yearly income of the subjects under sale^ or where a sequestration shall have taken place under this or any former statute, without other proof of bankruptcy or insolvency.

IX. And whereas by an act of the parliament ^Scotland, in the year one thousand five hundred and forty, chapter one hundred and six, concerning charges to enter heir, and another act in the year one thousand six hundred and twenty-one, chapter Huenty-seven, concerning apprf/ings against heirs, it was oretained, that charges against heirs unentered, which were to be the foundation of apprising against their predecessors lands, might proceed at the instance of creditors commanding them to enter within forty days after the charge, but it has been doubted whether the same or a longer term is required zuhen the person charged is out a/'Scotland, and it is inexpedient that such Inducing should be of long duration; be it enacted by the authority

Adjudications aforesaid, That the Induct& of a charge to enter heir shall in no on charges to case exceed forty days, whether the person charged be within enter heir. the kingdom or out of it, and that after one such charge, whe- ther general or special, has been given at the instance of any creditor, every subsequent charge, at the instance of the same* or of any other creditor, may be upon the Inducia of twenty days only; any law or practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And, in order to lessen the nu?nber of adjudications for debt, and consequently the expence to all parties, and to facilitate the pari paflu preference of creditors in similar circumstances; be it enacted.

Different ere- That the lord ordinary officiating in the court of session, before

ditors maybe ^hom the first process of adjudication against any estate, for bay- toineci in one*j c % *j

adjudication. ment or security of debt is calied, shall ordain intimation thereof

to be made in the minute book, and on the wall, in order that any other creditors of the common debtor, who at the next calling of the cause can shew, that although they have not executed their summonses of adjudication, they are in other respects by the nature of their grounds of debt, and steps taken by them, in condition to proceed in adjudging their debtor's estate, may produce the instructions of their debts, with summonses of adjudication, libelled and signeted, for the purpose of their being conjoined in the decree of adjudication, twenty sederunt days being allowed for such intimation, before the cause can be called a second time; and if any of these forms shall happen to be omitted, the said adjudication shall be null and void, without prejudice to the validity and order of ranking of posterior adjudications, ac-Agent or fac- cording to the rules of law; and further, that when the estate of for may ad- a debtor is brought into the court of session by a process of ju- ciitor^Tnffin* ^cia^ an^ ranking, and where no sequestration under this a1 judicia?a^> as herein after mentioned, shall have taken place, the court shall have power, by regulations, to establish a mode of adjudging, in name of the common agent or faeftor, once or oftener, as occasion may require, for behoof of the creditors whose grounds of debt or interest are produced, and in the mean time to flop, adjudications at the instan.ee of individual creditors, unless the same be necessary in order to come within yeajr and day of the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 315

first effectual adjudication, or be found proper on any other account, it being always understood that the whole creditors conjoined in the same decree of adjudication shall be pari pa[fu, with one another, and that each creditor shall have the same benefit thereby as if he had adjudged for himself; and it shall be lawful for him to extract that part of the decree which concerns his own debt, upon payment of the ordinary dues, without any ne-cefiity of extracting the whole.

XL And, in order to fix more clearly in time coming what diligence is necessary to make an adjudication effectual; be it enacted,

That the presenting a signature in exchequer, when the holding What dili-is of the crown, or the executing a general charge of horning °t

against superiors, at the market cross of Edinburgh, and pier and eff^ua] adju-shore of Leith, when the holding is of a subject, and recording dications, an abstract of the said signature or the said charge in the register of abbreviates of adjudications, shall be held in all time coming as the proper diligence for the purpose aforesaid.

XII. And whereas by an act of the parliament Scotland in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, chapter five, intituled,

Act for declaring notour bankrupts, it is inter alia declared, That any dispositions or other rights that shall be granted for hereafter for relief or security of debts to be contracted for the future, shall be of no force as to any such debts that shall be found to be contracted after the feifine or infeftment following on the find disposition or rights: and whereas cash accounts or credits granted by banks or bankers were not at that time in use, but have since proved very beneficial to commerce: and whereas it vjoidd tend not only to the further benefit of commerce, but also of agriculture and manufactures, if part of the before-recited act were repealed, so far as to make it lawful for persons possessed of lands and other heritable property to grant security thereon by infeftment for the payment of cash accounts or credits to be granted to them: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons Part of the act possessed of lands, or other heritable subjects, and deiiring to andl/curities* pledge the same in security of cash accounts or credits, to grant for ca(]1 ac. Securities upon their said lands or other heritable eslate, con- counts or taining procuratory of resignation and precept of feifine for in- credits may be fefting any bank or bankers, or other persons, who shall agree g^d-to give them such cash accounts or credits, provided the principal and interest, which may become due upon the said cash accounts or credits, shall be limited to a certain definite sum, to be specified in the security: and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to the person to whom the said cash account or credit is granted, to operate upon the same, by drawing out and paying in such sums from time to time as the parties shall settle between themselves, and that the feifines or infeftments taken upon the said heritable securities shall be equally valid and effectual as if the whole sums advanced upon the said credit had been paid prior to the date of the fafme or infeftment taken thereon, and that any such heritable security shall remain and subsist to the

extent of the sum limited.

or any lesser sum, until the cash account

fadturers, &c. if bankrupt, maybe sequestrated,

316 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

count or credit is finally closed, and the balance paid up and discharged, and the sasine or, infeftment renouneed, and such part of the foresaid in part recited act of the Scots parliament one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, in so far as it is derogatory hereto, is hereby repealed.

XIII. And whereas it is for the interest of commerce, that the estates of those concerned in trade and manufactures, when they are unable to answer the demands upon them, should be disposed of and distributed among their creditors in the most expeditious inanner, without avoiding the ordinary forms of law \ be it enacted by the au- Estates of mer- thority aforesaid, That if any person in that part of Great Britain ca^e^ Scotland, being a merchant or trader in gross or by retail, or a banker, broker, or underwriter, or a manufacturer, artificer, or mechanic, and in general any person who either for himself, or as agent or factor for others, seeks his living by buying and selling, or by the workmanship of goods or commodities, or by any other of the foregoing occupations, or holds a share in any such undertaking (excepting always holders of India flock, or (lock in any of the banks established by publick authority, or in the friendly insurance company at Edinburgh against fire, the Forth and Clyde navigation, or other inland navigation companies, or the British fisheries, common labourers or workmen for hire, landholders and tenants of land, or husbandmen, if such persons be not otherwise, bona fide, under one or other of the foregoing if certain dili- descriptions), shall be under diligence by horning and caption for gence be done, debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal safety, or defend his person by force, or being out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal protection, shall be under diligence by charge of horning attended with arrestment not loosed or discharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his moveables, or decree of adjudication of any part of his estate for payment or security of debt at the instance of any creditor, it shall be lawful to any creditor of the said person, whose debt shall amount to the sum of one hundred pounds fter-are'ofascertain ling, or any two creditors whose debts shall amount to the sum extent, and of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more production of creditors, whose debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds oath's* sterling or upwards, whether such debts are liquidated by formal

vouchers, or fiand upon open account, at any time within four calendar months of the last step of the said diligence, to apply, by summary petition, to the court of session for a sequestration of the said debtor's eslate, heritable and moveable, real and personal, and upon production of the grounds of debt, or a certified copy of the account, and a deposition by the creditor or creditors, at whose instance the application is made, taken by any judge ordinary, or justice of the peace, to the verity of the debt or debts, and also that they believe the party against whom the application is made to be a merchant, or otherwise within one or other of Debtor to be the descriptions, and not within the exceptions aforesaid, the cited. court shall grant warrant for citing the said debtor, by delivering,

upon petition for creditors whose debts

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. U- 3l7

to him personally, or by leaving at his dwelling house, a copy of the said petition, or, if the said debtor is out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market cross of Edinburgh, pier and shore of Leith, and also leaving a copy at the dwelling house, or house of business in Scotland last occupied by such debtor, to appear in court within the time specified in the warrant of citation, not being less than fix nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to shew cause why sequestration should not be awarded; and at the time of granting such warrant of citation, the court shall likewise, if desired, grant the usual authority, at the instance of the petitioners, for recovering written evidence of the said diligence, and upon production of such evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor shall not appear either in person or by his counsel or agent, or so appearing shall not instantly pay or produce written evidence of the debt or debts being satisfied upon which the diligence proceeded, and also pay or satisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, or {hew other reasonable cause why further proceedings should not be had, the court shall immediately award sequestration of the said debtor's whole estate and effects, heritable and moveable, real and personal, for the benefit of his whole just and lawful creditors.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Court to fix

court shall, by the same deliverance which awards the sequestra- meetings for*j*choice ot mc

tion, make an order upon the creditors to meet upon a certain for and mif_

day and hour, being not more than three weeks from that date, tee; and as much sooner as circumstances may permit, in order to name an interim factor, if they think fit to appoint one, or failing their doing so, to devolve the interim care and custody of the effects upon the sheriff clerk; and the court shall, by the same deliverance, make an order upon the creditors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than six weeks and not less than four weeks from that date, for the purpose of naming a trustee, in whose person the said estate shall be vested, as herein after mentioned, the said meetings to be at a convenient place, either where the bankrupt resides, or where his business is or was last carried on, or as near it as possible, the place being also specified, which deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors shall forthwith cause to be advertised in a paper to be called the which are to Edinburgh Gazette, to be printed and published by such person or be advertised* persons as his Majesty, under his royal sign manual, shall from ^rwi G time to time think fit to appoint, and on such day or days as the court of session shall by an act of sederunt diredf and judge most proper for the more effectually carrying this act into execution,

(which gazette shall, besides advertisements or notices, publish only such articles of news or other articles of intelligence as may appear from time to time in the London Gazette, together with the corn and sugar returns), otherwise the whole proceedings to

be null and void; and the court shall at the same time grant Court to grant

commission to any resident magistrate of the burgh, or to the commission to

sheriff depute or substitute of the county where the meeting is to l°

be held, or, failing the m* any justice of the peace of the county, meeting,

to

3*8

Qgeftions there, how to be determined.

Sheriff may lock up shop, &c. after fe-quellration.

Powers and duty of factor, Ac.

A merchant, &c. may apply for sequestration, with con Pent of creditors to a certain extent.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ^4. [1795.

to attend the said first meeting of creditors, find to receive their grounds of debt, with the oaths of verity thereon, after-mentioned, and to sign the minutes of the creditors, along with the prefes chosen by them; and all questions at this meeting shall be determined by a majority of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at the said meeting by themselves or others authorised by them, and whose grounds of debt and oaths thereon are so produced; and it shall be in the power of the sheriff depute or substitute, upon cause shewn by any of the creditors, at any time after the sequestiation, and before the meeting for the choice of the factor, to seal up and cause to be put under safe custody the books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up his or her shop, warehouse, or other repositories, and to keep the keys thereof till a fadfor is named, or the custody and care devolved upon the sheriff clerk, subject in the mean time to such orders and directions as either the court of session or the sheriff may think proper to give, on the application of any party concerned, for preservation of the effedfs.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said factor or sheriff clerk, chosen as interim manager, shall be entitled to take possession of the bankrupt's whole estate and effects, and of the bills, notes, and whole other vouchers, title deeds, and instructions of his estate, and also of his books and papers, and the bankrupt shall, if required by him, or by the creditors at said meeting, grant powers of attorney, or other deeds, which maybe deemed necessary or proper for the recovery of the effate and effedfs situated in foreign parts, under the pain' of fraudulent bankruptcy, and of being deprived of all benefit from this starute; and the fadfor, if required, shall find security for his intromissions to such extent as the said majority shall think reasonable, he, or failing him the sheriff clerk, being always entitled to a gratification for trouble, to be fixed by a majority of the creditors in value assembled at any general meeting, subject to the modification of the court of session; and the said fadfor or sheriff clerk shall engross the minutes of the meeting at which he is appointed in a book of Jederunt properly authenticated, which shall be kept by him as his warrant for acting; and the principal minutes of the said meeting, being signed by the commissioner, by the prefes of the meeting, and by the said interim manager, shall be transmitted by the commissioner to the clerk of the le-questration, to be kept among the records of the court of session.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any merchant or other person deferred as above, and not within the exceptions, whether diligence has been executed against him or not, shall make a joint application to the court of session along with any creditor whole debt shall amount to the lum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts shall amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds iterling, or upwards, whether such debts be liquidated or ffand upon open account, and oath being made

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 319

as above to the verity of these debts, and the parties or their agent also making oath, to their knowledge or belief, of the debtor's being within one or other of the descriptions, and not within the exceptions aforesaid, the court is hereby authorised and required to award sequestration of the debtor's estate, here-table and moveable, real and personal, and the procedure shall go on as before directed.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Nofequestra; sequestration shall be awarded against anvperson having an estate tion against a or effects in Scotland, who at the time of the application does not ^Sco^Iarf^ either reside, or has a dwelling house or house of business, there, without his or at least had such residence or dwelling house or house of bufi- concurrence, ness, within a year previous to the application, unless the debtor himself, or those acting for him, concur in the application.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Estates of the estates of all copartnerships carrying on business under any of partnership^ the denominations or descriptions above set forth, and not within ^uae^-rated" the exceptions, may be sequestrated upon the application either 4

of those entitled to act for them, with consent of any creditor of such partnership whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling or upwards, or at the application of such creditor or creditors themselves, whose debts are to the amount already mentioned, in which last case it must appear that diligence has been done against one or more of the partners for payment of a partnership debt in the same way and manner as is before required to found an application against individuals, and in either case the procedure hereby directed with regard to individual debtors shall be followed out, and it shall be sufficient to cite the partnership, by leaving a copy at the house or Ihop where their business is or was carried on, or where any of their acting partners reside; and if the said houses and ftiop be shut up or deserted by them, a copy shall also be affixed at the market cross of Edinburgh^ and pier and Shore of Leith.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Petition for party applying for the sequestration, whether the creditor or ere- ^be^re^ifter ditors alone, or the bankrupt, with concurrence of a creditor or ed asainnhibi-creditors, shall cause the petition of sequestration, and the first tion, otherwise deliverance thereon, to be recorded in the general register of in- proceedings hibitions, v/ithin fifteen days after the said deliverance is pro- vo^' nouneed, and the same shall, from the date of the deliverance, be

held equivalent to an inhibition against the debtor for behoof of the whole creditors, in case the sequestration is finally awarded, but the proceedings shall be of no effect if such regift rat ion be omitted; and it shall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after sequestration is awarded, to flop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition did proceed j and in case of any undue conduct or neglect in these particulars, or with regard to publishing the advertisements before directed, whereby o other

Sequestrations Crroneously awarded, how to be recalled.

Procedure at the meeting for the choice of trustee.

Bankrupt to exhibit a state of his affairs.

310 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

other creditors may sustain a loss, the petitioning creditor or creditors, and those acting for them, shall be liable in all damages arising from such undue conduct or omission: providing always, That if the debtor against whom sequestration has been awarded without his own concurrence, or if any creditor, who has not concurred in or consented to the application, shall apprehend that the party against whom it is awarded does not come within the description before given, or falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, or that there is any other good ground for recalling the sequestration, and annulling the whole proceedings, such debtor or creditor shall be at liberty, at any time V/ithin thirty days after sequestration is awarded, to apply to the court of session, setting forth the grounds upon which the sequestration ought to be recalied, and this petition being intimated to the party or parties at whose instance the sequestration was obtained, or their known agent, and a reasonable time given to make answers thereto, and to adduce the necessary proofs on either side, the court shall determine upon the same, and either recal or confirm {he sequestration, as the justice of the case may require, but in the mean time, until this matter is finally determined, the proceedings under the sequestration shall go on as if no such application had been made.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the general meeting for choosing a trustee, the said interim manager shall exhibit the book of sederunt containing the minute of his appointment, together with a state of his intromissions, and the books and papers in his possession, which state shall be ingrossed in the said book of sederunt, and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt present at this meeting shall determine who is to be trustee; but no creditor shall be entitled to a vote at this or any future meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited not only an oath of verity on his debt, but also the grounds or vouchers thereof, and got the same marked or entered in the book of sederunt; and at the said or any other meeting it shall be lawful for agents or attornies having commissions, either general or special, from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in all matters wherein their constituents them-{elyes, if present, might have voted; and the creditors may choose two or more trustees to act in succession, one failing another by death, resignation, of removal, but only one trustee shall act at a time; and in no case shall it be competent to the creditors to appoint as trustee, either the bankrupt himself, of any person who, with respect to him, is by the law of Scotland held to be conjunct or confident.

XXI. And be it enacted, That at the said meeting the bankrupt final! exhibit, or cause to be exhibited, a state of his affairs, Specifying the whole estate and effects, heritable and moveable,: real and personal, wheresoever situated, belonging to him, and debts due to him, including any estate in expectancy, which he may have an eventual right to, by contract of marriage, entail, or other wise, and specifying also the debts due by him, or demands

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 32*

mands upon him, so far as they are known to him, and also a rental of his lands, and an inventory or lift of his books, papers, accounts, bills, notes, and title deeds, or other documents of his estate, which Hate, rental, and inventory shall be ingrossed in the feclerunt book, the same being duly authenticated by the prefes of the meeting, who shall deliver the said book of federunty and the title deeds of the heritable estate, to the tiuftee so named, and shall deliver the Other papers to the interim manager afore- Interim ma- said, to be kept by h: m until the same are duly taken off his hands nager to be by the trustee, upon being discharged of his intromi/lions, and exonerated» Satisfied of all demands which he has again/! the efface for advances of money, commission, or trouble.

XXII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the said trustee Trustee, on shall have declared his acceptance, and found Security for his in- finding fecu-tromissions and faithful management to the extent required by co£firmed by the majority of the creditors in value at the aforesaid meeting, the court 5 the minutes of the said meeting shall be reported to the court or feffiorv by the trustee, a copy of them being previously entered in the sederunt book, and if no good objection is made to the trustee, his nomination shall be confirmed, and he shall then have a right to call for, and take into his custody, all books, accounts, vouchers of debt, securities, and other papers and documents relative to the efface, or to the affairs of the bankrupt, ' and to account with and discharge the interim manager, and likewise to take such legal steps as may be effectual for recovering the possession of the estate and effects* wherever situated, he being always entitled to a reasonable allowance or commission for and entitled to his trouble, to be fixed by the of herein after men- commi on* tioned, previous to each dividend.

XXIII-'And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Estate veiled the nomination of the trustee being thus reported and approved of, the court /hail, at the same time, ordain the bankrupt to exe- vjrtae ^9 cute and deliver, within a certain reasonable time to be Specified act, in the interlocutor, a disposition or other proper deed or deeds of conveyance or alignment, making over to the said trustee or trustees, in their order, his whole estate and effects, heritable and moveable, real and personal, wherever situated, and which shall Specially describe and convey the pretnifes, so far as they are known, or so far as the trustees shall think it necessary, and be in such form and style as may effectually vest the right in him, with full powers of recovery and side, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt shall, without reasonable causey neglect! or refuse to obey Such order, the court may punish him by imprisonment; and in all events, whether such deed or deeds be executed or not, it is hereby statuted and declared, that the said whole estate and effects, of whatever kind, and wherever situated (in so far as may be consistent with the laws of other countries, when the effedbf are out of Scotland) shall be deemed and held to be vested in the said trustee, or trustees in succession, for behoof of the creditors, and the court shall, in the act or order above men- by decreet of tioned, declare every right, title, and iaterest* which was for- adjudication Vol. XXXIX. Y merly °* the court*

322 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74/ [1793.

merly in the bankrupt, to be now in the trustee for the purposes aforesaid, and particularly shall adjudge, decern, and declare the whole lands and other heritable estate belonging to the bankrupt within the jurisdiction of the court, and which, as far as known, shall be specially enumerated and described, to pertain and belong to the trustee, or trustees in succesison, absolutely and irredeemably to the end that the same may be sold, levied, and recovered, and converted into money for payment of the creditors, which adjudication, being of the nature of an adjudication in implement, as well as for payment, or security of debt, shall Entailed pro- be subject to no legal reversion: declaring always, that if any perty how far part of the bankrupt's property happens to be entailed, or otherwise of a limited nature, the conveyance to be executed by

him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the trustee, shall only be understood to carry that right and interest in the estate which the bankrupt himself has, and can safely convey, and which his creditors can validly attach.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trustee shall cause an abbreviate of the act or order tered^aforesaid, adjudging the estate of the bankrupt, to be recorded, within fifteen days of the date thereof, in the register of abbreviates of adjudications, in the same manner, and to the lame Effects of effect that abbreviates of adjudications mult be recorded, and adjudication, this being done, the trustee shall be entitled, for behoof of the whole creditors, to rank in the same manner upon the heritable estate as if it had been a common decree of adjudication obtained and rendered effectual at the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, accumulating the whole debts of the bankrupt, principal and interest, as at that period, and adjudging for security or payment thereof, and it shall further operate as a complete attachment and transfer of the moveable or personal estate for behoof of all the creditors, at the date of the first deliverance aforesaid, and the said disposition, adjudication, or transfer final not be reducible upon any ground of law, nor struck at by any prior inhibition, laving always the effect which such inhibition may be Inti tied to against contractions of debt by the bankrupt posterior to the inhibition j and provided always, that the said disposition or adjudication of the heritable estate by the act or order of the court, or the adjudication before-mentioned, which the court may direct in name of the common agent or factor, during the dependance of a judicial sale, shall have no effect upon any question of succession between the heir and executor of the creditor.

Feudal titles

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

may be com- upon the said disposition or decree of adjudication, the feudal pleted cd it. titles requisite by the law of Scotland to veil heritable property shall and may be made up, either in the person of the trustee, or in the person of the purchaser from him, in virtue of such trustee's conveyance, agreeably to the forms of the law of Scotland and each trustee succeeding a prior trustee through death,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.

resignation, ctr removal (unless substituted at the hr ft nomination, in which case no other form is necessary) shall be vested in the right, either by disposition from the former trustee, or by adjudication obtained by the new trustee, on a summary application to the court of Celfion as before, and the superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the trustee or trustees, or puchaser, in the same manner as he is directed by an act: made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty's reign for abolishing ward-holdings; and if the trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable estate belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the date of the first deliverance aforesaid, the same shall be adjudged in manner before-directed, and to the Fame effect; and in case the bankrupt's own titles to any part of the estate, heritable or moveable, real or personal, which belonged to him at that period, or to which he had then succeeded as apparent heir, nearest in kin, or other wise, to any predecessor, have not been so completed as to ve'i the right properly in him, the trustee shall take the most safe and eligible method of completing the bankrupt's title in such way and manner as the law requires, which title shall accrefe to that already acquired by the trustee in the same way as if it had been completed prior to the disposition by the bankrupt, or adjudication against him, declaring that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the aneeftor and those of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this act.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within eight days after the appointment of the trustee is confirmed by the court of session, he final I apply to the sheriff of the county where the debtor resides, or where his business was carried on, who is hereby authorised and required to name one day, being not less than fourteen days nor more than three weeks from the date of the application, and another day, being not less than fourteen days nor more than three weeks after the first day so named, for the publick examination of the bankrupt upon the jftate of his affairs, and all circumstances relative thereto, in the file rift court house of the districts, gt such other place as the sheriff shall think proper to appoint, a fee of one guinea each fitting being allowed to the sheriff depute or substitute who officiates; and the trustee may also, if he finds it necessary for the purpose of obtaining a full discovery of the bankrupt's estate and eftetfts, infill: for an examination of his wife and others of his family, or connected with his business, upon all proper interrogatories, which examinations are to be taken upon oath (if required) before the sheriff, at one or other of the said diets, or upon any intermediate day; and after the said diets are fixed, the trustee shall immediately publish an advertisement in the newspaper before-mentioned, intimating to the creditors his appointment as trustee on the bankrupt estate, the two days fixed for the examination of the bankrupt, and that on the first lawful day immediately succceding the last of these examinations, a

Succeeding trustee how to be vested.

Superior to receive trustee as a vaflaL

Heritable estate afterwards discovered, how to be veiled.

Estates to which the bankrupt has not made up titles, how to be vested.

Sheriff to fix two dietsfor the examination of the bankrupt and others.

Trustee to adverti le diets, &c.

3U

Warrant may be granted to bring the bankrupt to be examined.

Trustee may at any time examine,

and may get

the bankrupt protected till examined.

Procedure in examinations.

323 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. j4* [l79'P

meeting of the creditors is to be held at the same place for in-strudUng the trustee as to the management and recovery of the estate, and requiring the creditors to produce, in the trustee's hands, their claims and vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths on the verity thereof, at or, previous to the said meeting, ' if not already produced, and farther intimating, that unless the said productions are made between, and a certain day specified in the advertisement, being ten months after the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, the party neglecting shall have no share in the nrft distribution of the debtor's estate, and the sheriff depute or substitute shall, if necessary, issue his warrant for apprehending the bankrupt, or any oi his family, or others connected with his bufmess, who are to be examined, within his jurisdiction, in order to force their appearance at the diets of examination, or if they be without his jurisdiction, the court of session shall, on the application of the trustee, grant such warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the judge who is to take the examination as aforesaid; and if any of these persons shall happen 10 be indisposed, or otherwise unable to attend at that time in the place appointed for examination, the court of session, or the sheriff may give thd necessary directions for examining them elsewhere, and it shall be competent for the trustee to apply at any time for re-examining them, upon due advertisement given in manner aforesaid; and the court of session shall likewise, in case it be necessary, grant a personal protection to the bankrupt, at the application of the trustee, for such time as may be requisite for enabling him to attend the diets of examination, or may grant warrant to meflen-gers at arms, or other officers of the lav/, to bring his perfoa out of prison in order to attend such meetings, and thereafter to carry him back to prison.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the said examinations the bankrupt shall be allowed to make such additions to or alterations upon the state of his affairs exhibited at the meeting when the trustee was chosen, as have occurred to him since the said meeting, and are necessary to be let forth to give a perfect view of his affairs, and the said additions and alterations shall also be engrossed in the book of sederunt, with the whole examinations of the bankrupt, and subscribed by the judge examinator and by the bankrupt, and likewise by the trustee; and at the last of the two diets appointed for his examination, the bankrupt shall take and subscribe the following oath

Bankrupt's oh tii.

J T)o, hi the presence of Almighty God\ and as I shall anfuoer to God at the great day oj judgement, solemnly swear, That the state of my affairs, engrofed in this book, contains a full and true account of all the debts of whatever nature due to me, and of all my estate and ejjctis, heritable and moveable, real or personal (the necessary zvear ing apparel of myself my wife, andfamily excepted), as well as of all claims which I am entitled to make againf any person or persons

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 325

whatsoever, ^all estate in expedlaney, or means of what-

ever kind, which I have an eventual right to by contract of marriage, deed of entail' otherwise, to the bef of my knowledge; and

that the said fate likewise contains a full and true account of all debts due by me, or demands upon me, so far as I know or can remember; dW that I have delivered up the whole books, documents, accounts? and papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any way relate to my affairs, which were in my possession or under my power, and have made a full difclojure of every particular relating to my affairs; and further Iswear, that fall forthwith reveal all and every other circunffance or particular relative to my affairs, or which may tend to increase or diminish my efate, or in which my creditors may be inter effect direct ly or indirectly, which may at any tune hereafter come to ?ny knowledge, o

So help me GOD.

And if the person thus called upon is a copartner with others, and examined respecting the partnership affairs, the words of the said oath shall only be varied by the judge as to make it applicable to the case 5 which oath being annexed to the proceedings in the book of sederunt, shall also be subscribed by the sheriff depute or substitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called Quakers, it shall be sufficient to take his solemn affirmation upon the matters contained in the fa: d oath, and likewise in all other cases where an oath is required by this statute; and all persons convicted of taking the above oath or affirmation falsely lb all be held as guilty of perjury, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of 'holding any office of publick trust or emolument; declaring also that if the bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a 'fair state of his affairs, or to make oath in the terms above specified, or to make a complete surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any office of publick trust or emolument, and in either case shall forfeit every benefit or privilege arising from this present aeft, and be accounted infamous and incapable of giving evidence in any court of justice, or of fitting or acting on any assize or jury.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the creditors assembled upon the first lawful day after the last examination of the bankrupt shall give directions to the trustee for the recovery and disposal of the bankrupt's estate, and the trustee shall be obliged to follow the directions and rules preferred by a majority in value of the creditors assembled at this meeting, or at any after meeting called for the purpose as after di-

Aformation of Quakers to be admitted.

Penalties on

fraudulent

bankrupts.

Meeting to

give directions about the recovery of the estate.

redded, and at the said meeting immediately after the last examination, the majority in value of creditors present shall also name any three of the creditors as of for the purpose of au- < dicing the trustee's accounts, settling his commission, concurring with him in submissions and compromises, and giving the ir

and to choose commissioq-

Sequestrated fund how to divided.

rupt after the first deliver-ranee void.

Bona side Iran factions laved.

326 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

advice and assistance to him in any other matters, as herein after mentioned, subject always to the controul of general meetings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the whole estate and effects, of whatever kind, belonging to the bankrupt at the period of the sequestration, or the produce thereof, after paying all charges, shall be a fund of division among those who were his creditors prior to the date of the first deliverance aforesaid, and none else, regard being had to preferences obtained by securities, or by diligence, before the said deliverence, and not expressly set alide by this act, but to no other Payments, kc. claims of preference; and all payments made by the debtor to of the bank- any of his creditors after the date aforesaid shall be void and incite £tu a 1 to the receivers in the event of a sequesteration taking place, and the trustee shall be entitled to recover the money so paid as part of the bankrupt's estate; and all transactions of the bankrupt subsequent to the said date, from which any prejudice may arise to the creditors, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide puchaser of aily part of the moveable effects from the bankrupt, while in actual possession, and for a price truly paid, to restore the efreed: s so purchased, nor the debtor of a bankrupt who has paid his debt to him, bona fide, before he knew of the bankruptcy, to pay it a second time to the trufree.

Estatesdevolv-

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if jug; on the pofrerior to the sequestration any efrate or effects shall devolve bankrupt after upon the bankrupt, either in the way of succesrion or otherwise, fequdiraaon. obliged, immediately when fu ch event happens, to

make a full discovery thereof to the trufree, and shall at all times, when required by the trufree, declare upon oath before the judge ordinary, or any magistrate or jufrice of peace, whether any such estate or effects have come to or devolved upon him, ill order that the trufree may have an opportunity of taking such steps as are necessary or proper for the rnterest of his cooftitu-ents, and the trufree shall likewise give notice thereof to the creditors, either at the next general meeting, or by advertising a meeting for the purpose.

Arrestmefits

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ami privileges arrestment of the bankrupt's effects used at any time within sixty of ^e^ore t^se ^ate ^ie ^rft deliverance on the petition for

tion void.*' sequestration shall give a preference to the arresting creditor in the event of sequestration taking place, but that in every such case the effects arrested shall be made forthcoming to the trustee*and in case they have been actually recovered by the arresting creditor, the trufree shall nevertheless be entitled to demand and receive the same from him as part of the fund of division, in the same way as if the arrestment had been used for the creditors at large; and in like manner no poinding of a debtor's effects, not completely executed sixty days at least before such deliverance, shall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of sequestradon taking place, but the poinder shall be obliged to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 327

deliver to the interim manager or trustee the goods poinded, if not sold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and in case they are then sold or disposed of, he shall pay or cause to be paid to the trustee the whole nett price of the goods poinded and which shall make part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors; provided always, that all arresters and poinders, who shall be deprived of the benefit of their respective diligences in consequence of a sequestration, shall be entitled to demand or retain the expence bona fide laid out by them in prosecuting such diligences, with ten pounds per centum more on the price or appraised value, 'as before directed.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Trustee to

the trustee shall proceed to recover and convert into money, in recovery of the speediest and most. effectual manner, the whole estate under the estate; his management or power, whether at home or in foreign parts, and to call in order that the same may be distributed among the creditors, occasional and he shall, if required at any time by one-fourth of the credi- '

tors in value, who have produced and proved their claims, be

obliged to call a general meeting, or he himself may, on any emergency, call such meeting, Sufficient previous intimation of every occasional meeting, and the purpose of calling it, being always given by advertisement in the newspaper before-mentioned a fortnight at least before the meeting; and all resolutions of the creditors at their general meetings shall be final and conclusive, unless objected to and complained of by a petition to the court of session within thirty days after the meeting.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any part of the sequestrated ePcate'consists of land or Heritable pro -other heritable subjects, it shall be optional to a majority of ere- perty of ditors in value to determine, at the meeting aforesaid held after the last examination of the bankrupt, or any other meeting ad- dispored. of vertifed for the purpose, whether the trustee is-to bring the said heritable estate to judicial Sale before the court of session, or to dispose thereof by voluntary publick sale; and if the latter mode is adopted, the sale made after such advertisement, and at such upset price, and upon such articles and conditions as shall be fixed by the trustee, with the consent of a majority of the said commissioners, shall be valid and effectual, with and under the burden of all real Securities or other liens upon the estate, in so far as the same are preferable to the disposition or decree vesting the said estate in the trustee, but which burden shall go no farther than to the extent of the price; and the purchaser shall have no concern with the application of the price after fat if? faction of the preferable securities aforesaid; and if a.majority of creditors in, value determine for a judicial sale, the trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed in the same, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to a part of the estate, without including the whole, and without any other proof of bankruptcy than the act of sequestration, and it shall be enough to call the

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

bankrupt himself, and his real creditors in possession upon a citation of fifteen days, whether they are within the kingdom or not, and the edidlal citations shall be dispensed with: provided always, that nothing in this a cl contained shall bar the right which any real creditor may have by the law, as it {lands at present, to bring his debtor's estate to a judicial sale at his own instance, unless such sale has been previously brought at the instance of the trustee, or unless a majority of the creditors in value shall have previously determined upon a voluntary sale and in the event of the estate being sold by judicial sale, the balance of the price, if there be any, after satisfying the preferable securities aforesaid, shall be paid into the hands of the trustee, as a part of the fund of division to be made by him among the creditors in general, the purchaser being always entitled, upon making full payment of the price, whether the lands have been fold in the one way or in the other, to a discharge from the trustee, which shall have the effect completely to disincumber the subject acquired; and further, the creditors Hull be entitled to draw their {hares of the price, in virtue of the disposition and adjudication before mentioned, without the necessity of any other ad-tion^ompe^" -judication; and no other adjudication led or made effectual after tent, after fe- 'the date of the first deliverance aforesaid, shall have any effect questration. in competition with the right of the creditors under the sequestration.

Monies reco-

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vered by the trustee shall be obliged to lodge all money he receives in such trustee, to be bank, or with such banking company, as four-fifths of the cre-barik^teCln ditors in number and value at any general meeting shall appoint, and failing such appointment, in the royal bank, or bank of Scotland, at such interest as can he procured for the same, and never to retain in his own hands above the sum of fifty pounds sterling for the space of ten days, otherwise to be liable to the creditors for seven and a half per centum per annum, on whatever exceeds the sum of fifty pounds sterling, in the name of interest and damages.

Trustee to

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

mark and re- the trustee shall mark the claims of the several creditors, and ^debt pro8 tie*r vouchers, or grounds of debt, with the oaths of verity, ducedtohim, and make a minute or entry thereof, and of the date of proland to keep duflion, in the book of sederunt, but he shall return the vouch-regular ac- ers or grounds of debt, if desired, to the claimant, or his agent, counts. gnd he shall be obliged to keep a regular book of accounts with the bankrupt's estate, and to make the same patent at all times to any of the creditors or their agents, or to any of the commissio'n-ers, who desire'to fee the same 5 and within ten days after the expiration of ten calendar months from the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, the of, or a majority of them, shall audits the trustee's accounts, and by a minute under their hands, in the book of sederunt, shall ascertain the sum to be allowed the trustee in name of commission, and like wife the nett proceeds of the estate recovered, at the expiration

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 329

pi ration of the said ten months, which, after making a reasonable First dividend, deduction for contingent expences, shall be considered as belonging to the creditors who have produced their claims, and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity, prior to the date of said minute; and the trustee shall be obliged, within the space of one calendar month after the expiration of the said ten months, to make up a {fate of the debts entitled as before to a share of the said fir it dividend, calculating interest on each up to the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, with a scheme or case apportioning the fund of division among them, with the deduction already mentioned, according to their due order of ranking; and the trustee shall also, at the same time, make up a state of the funds belonging to the bankrupt still unrecovered, and of the money remaining in bank, after deduction of the furn so to be divided, which scheme and {fate shall lie open for the inspection of the creditors, or their agents in the tru[fee's hands, for the space of one month longer, at the usual place where the trustee's buhness is carried on; and on the first lawful day after the expiration of one complete year from the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, the dividend shall be paid, and the trustee shall give one month's ^e^.a^ver* previous notice thereof, by advertisement in the newspaper aforesaid, which advertisement shall also bear, that the state and scheme lie in his hands for the inspection of the creditors; and in case any of the debts claimed upon shall be objected to in if objections whole or in part, or their place in the ranking disputed, or any raacic* other objection shall be made to the scheme, as drawn out by the trustee, a share of the said fund, corresponding to the utmost amount of the sums or dividends to which the disputed articles may be entitled, and to any contingent expences which the trustee, with consent of a majority of the of named by the creditors as aforesaid, may think reasonable, shall be left in the bank or banking house where the monies were de- Deportation posited as aforesaid, till all such questions are determined, either to be made in by arbitration or compromise, or by the court of session; and hank, the said court is hereby authorised and required to determine the to de-

same summarily, upon the application of the trustee, or of any termine all other party interested; and when any such application is made, questions rela-it shall be competent for any creditor to produce his interest, and tive to objected to have his debt proved and constituted, if necessary, without claims> raising a separate ablion for the purpose; and if, in the event of such question, the said sum, or any part of it, shall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the same shall go into the fund for any subsequent distribution, and the Shares not iliares of creditors not called for at the time of distribution, shall called for to be again be deposited as before, on their risk, at such interest as can deposited. be got for the same.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Second divi-wit'nin ten days after the expiration of sixteen calendar months ilOI1> from the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration.

330 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

tration, the commissioners, or the majority of them, shall in like manner audite the trustee's accounts with the bankrupt's estate, and settle the trustee's commission; and the trustee shall, within one calendar month after the said sixteen months, make up another scheme of division of the sums recovered among the creditors who shall then have produced their interests and oaths of verity as before, with new {fates of the bankrupt's outstanding funds, and of the sum remaining in the bank, if any be, which shall in like manner remain open for inspection during one month longer, at the expiration whereof, or on the first lawful day thereafter, the dividend shall be paid, after the like previous advertisement, being exadfly at the distance of eighteen calendar months from the date of the first deliverance aforesaid; and if any of the debts are objected to, the procedure above-mentioned shall be followed out, and the like procedure shall be followed out at similar intervals of time thereafter, to the erfedl that a dividend may he made at the end of every six months, until the whole funds of the bankrupt are collected and distributed among his creditors: providing always, that after the second dividend is made, a majority of the creditors in value, at any general meeting called for the purpose in manner before specified, may determine that future dividends shall be made after a shorter interval, and the affairs of the trust brought to a more speedy close; and even before the period assigned for the first dividend as aforesaid, it shall be competent to four-fifths of the creditors in number and value present at the meeting after the last diet of the bankrupt's examination, or at any after meeting called for the purpose, to direct the trustee to apply for the authority of the court of session to make the first dividend at an earlier period than the end of the first year, but not earlier than six months from the date of the first deliverance aforesaid, if upon cause shewn it shall be found expedient so to do, and also to accelerate' the time for making the second and other dividends; and in case there be any failure to make such dividends in the manner hereby directed, it shall be competent for any one creditor, either to apply by petition to the court of session to have the trustee removed, or to require him to call a general meeting of the cre-Nofhare of ditors to deliberate what course shall be taken; and no creditor dividend to be fha}} draw any {hare of the different distributions, unless his ground^cf grounds of' debt, and oath on the verity thereof, shall have been

debt pro- lodged with the trustee previous to the respective times before duccu, &c. mentioned when the dividends are ascertained by the commissioners, but he shall be entitled in the next distribution which happens after the grounds of debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the first of the remaining fund in the trustee's hands a sum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with deduction-of five per centum on the said dividends, r which is to be retained by the trustee for the common behoof,

to ^omhui^as on account t'ie creditor's delay; and in making up the said before.*" - schemes of division, all debts claimed on which are entitled to a

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 331

preference by the law of Scotland, not altered by-this act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all questions upon this ac % persons to whom the Debts claimed debtor is under obligation to pay money at a certain future time, on before the shall be accounted creditors de presenti for the amount of the mo- ment

ney, discounting the interest to the term of payment specified in the obligation, and may prove their debts in the lame way as other creditors, and shall be entitled to their rateable, dividends accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where a claim is entered by a creditor upon any obliga- Contingent tion, the existence or amount of which depends upon a contin- debts, gericy which is still unascertained at the period of lodging the claim, the trustee shall rank the claimant as if the condition were purified, but the dividend or sum which the claimant would be entitled in that case to draw, shall again be deposited in the bank or banking house appointed by the creditors as before, or lent out on heritable security by the trustee at the fight of the claimant, at such rate of interest as can be got for the same, and the interest thereupon arising shall belong to the creditors, and be included in the fund for their dividends, until the contingency upon which the obligation depends shall be declared, when the dividend so deposited shall belong to the claimant, or the other creditors, according to the terms of the obligation; but such contingent claims shall not be sufficient to authorise a petition for sequestration, unless in so far as the.amount of them is clearly ascertained, and the condition purified, before presenting the petition.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Securities on

in case any of the creditors shall hold any preferable security or bankrupt

lieu for payment of his debt, obtained prior to the date of the first estates

j v)n* j /* /» j 1 dec] ucteQ 11 om

deliverance on the petition for sequestration, and not set aiide by t-ne amount of

this'acct, upon any part of the bankrupt's estate or effects, the the claim, amount or value of such security or lien shall be deducted from his debt, and he shall be only ranked and draw a dividend for the balance after such deduction; and if any dispute shall arise about the value of such security or lien, or the amount of what it will yield in extinction of the debt, the trustee, with consent of a majority of the of, shall put a value upon, and the claimant shall have an option, either to deduct the value thus fixed from the amount of his claim, reserving the full effect: of his security, or to draw the said value, in the first place, out of the sums to be divided, and to draw his just share of the remainder of the divisible funds corresponding to the balance of his claim, in which last case he shall be obliged to convey the security or lien to the trustee for behoof of the whole creditors, such preferable claimant being in no event entitled to more than his full payment.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any creditor shall, after the first deliverance on the petition L'for

for sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary preference or payment on or out of any estate or subject belonging to the bankrupt, directly or indirectly situated without the jurisdiction of the court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the trustee for behoof of the creditors, before he can draw any dividend out of the funds in the hands of the trustee, and he shall in all events be liable to an action before the court of session at the infcance of the trustee, to communicate the said security or payment in so far as the jurisdiction of the court can reach him.

Production of

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grounds of making production of the ground of debt, or certified account, debt to inter- with the oath of verity aforesaid, in the hands of the interim tion preicr^- factor, (beriff clerk, or trustee, or in the court of session, shall have the same effedf as to interrupting prescription of every kind, from the period of such production, as if a proper action had been raised on the said grounds of debt against the bankrupt, and against the trustee.

Oathofverity.

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in, every such oath the creditor deponing shall specify every security he holds for his debt, whether on the estate of the debtor or other obligants, and shall swear that he holds no other security than is mentioned in his oath, otherwise his oath shall not be received by the trustee as fuffreient, nor his claim be sustained: and the oaths of verity upon debts required by this act may be taken before any judge ordinary or justice of the peace; and where any creditor is out of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age, or incapable to give an oath, in all such cases an oath of credulity by the agent, fadfor, guardian, or other manager, taken in the same manner, shall be sufficient, but which oaths, either by the party himself, or any other person acting for him, shall not supercede the necessity of bringing legal evidence of the debt, if the same is objected to as unliquidated, or where evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case; and further declaring, that no fee shall be paid by any creditor to the clerk of court, or any person whatsoever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to the debt claimed being due, for production of the interest or grounds of debt of any creditor, unless the debt claimed on exceeds the sum of ten pounds

Penalty of fall's swearing*

1 awful money of Great Britain.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any creditor shall be guilty of faife swearing in any oath to be emitted in pursuance of this act, he shall be liable to a prosecution at the instance of the trustee, or any of the creditors, and his Majesty's advocate, for perjury, and shall also forfeit to the trustee, for behoof of the creditors, the whole dividends on his debt.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, qphat the trustee may, on behalf of the creditors at large, with consent of a majority of the of named as aforesaid, orcompromi- colT)pound and transact, either by submission or by private com-f£S* promise.

Trustee may enter into submissions

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.

promise, all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have against others, or all debts due to the estate, out of other bankrupt subjects, and likewise all doubtful claims or demands made against the estate or questions of ranking and preference, and all contingent debts and annuities due to or by the estate, the value of which it may be expedient to settle in that manner, in order that a final distribution may sooner take place.

XLV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, After a year at the expiration of one year and an half from the date of the fe- an^Jia^>-questration, any of the personal effects of the bankrupt, or any^ts debts, whether heritable or moveable, due to him, remain still may be sold unrecovered, it shall be in the power of four-fifths of the creditors by audionw in number and value, convened at any general meeting called for the purpose, after one advertisement two weeks previous to the meeting, in the newspaper before mentioned, to diredf that such remaining debts and effects, and also any contingent or future interest which the creditors at large may have in dividends deposited in bank, or lent out as aforesaid, be sold off by publick auction upon three months previous notice published in the newspaper before mentioned, the sale either to be in whole or in lots, as a majority in value of the creditors shall direct.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of surplus of the bankrupt's estate and effedfs that may remain after estate> after payment of his debts, computing interest thereon as aforesaid, and the charges of recovering the estate, and distributing the paid to bank-fame, shall be paid or made over to him, or to his assignees or rupt. successors.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bankrupt may at or after the first general meeting of the creditors, and at any get a personal time before the period assigned for the second dividend, it shall limited be competent for the bankrupt, with concurrence of the interim time, manager or trustee, and of four-fifths of the creditors in number and value, who have produced their grounds of debt and oaths of verity as before, to apply to the court of session for a personal protection from diligence for such time as the court shall think reasonabley and the same, being once obtained, shall be renewed within the same period, if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with consent of the trustee alone, unless any of the creditors oppose it, in which case the consent of four-fifths in number and value shall be required as before: providing always, That from but not after and after the period assigned for the second dividend, the power period of ad of granting personal protections under this statute shall cease, un"

unless upon cause shewn to the court, and oath made, both by cause^shewn, the bankrupt and by the trustee, that the delays which have hap- See. pened in making a final distribution were unavoidable, and that every proper step has been taken, and will continue on their part, to be taken for winding up the affairs of the bankrupt, and bring the trust to a final close; and also providing, that after the period of the third dividend, or two years subsequent to the first deliverance aforesaid, the power of granting personal protections under this act shall entirely cease, without prejudice to

Corn portion with creditors allowed under certain conditions.

All private and coll u five agreements illegal.

334 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

a final discharge>, either iipon full payment or as herein after dlredled.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case at the meeting held immediately after the second examination of the bankrupt, he or his friends shall make a proposal of composition to the creditors, and shall offer caution to the satisfaction of nine tenths of them, both in number and value, assembled at the said meeting, for such composition upon his whole debts as the said nine tenths in number and value so assembled shall think just and reasonable, the trustee.shall appoint another meeting for the purpose of deciding upon such offer, at the distance of not less than three weeks-thereafter* and of which meeting he shall give notice by advertising the same twice in the said newspaper a fortnight at least before the proposed meeting, specifying the time and place, and purpose of the meeting, but in the mean time he shall proceed in executing his duty as trustee in the same way as if no such proposition had been made; and if at the meeting so appointed it shall be the opinion of nine tenths of the creditors there assembled both in number and value, that the offer should be accepted of, a report of the proceedings relative thereto shall be forthwith made up by the trustee, and transmitted to the clerk of the sequestration in the court of session, for the approbation of the court, and if the court, upon hearing any objections that may be Hated by opposing creditors* shall find the proposition reasonable, and that the same has been assented to not only by nine tenths in number and value of the creditors who attended by themselves or others authorised by them at the meeting last mentioned, but nine tenths of all the creditors who have produced grounds of debt or interests, and oaths of verity, an act or order shall be pronounced to that effect, and the bond of caution, which must be previously lodged in the clerk's hands, shall then be given up to the trustee for behoof of the creditors, the whole expence attending the sequestration being at the same time paid or provided for, to the satisfaction of the court, by the bankrupt or his friends, after which all proceedings in the sequestration shall cease, and the said act or order shall declare the trustee exonered, and the bankrupt discharged, except as to payment of the composition,

XLIX. And whereas it has too frequently happened that fequeff trations have been cbjtruoted, and much expence, litigation, and, delay occafwned by collufve and ineffectual plans of co?npofttion concerted between the bankrupt and particular creditors; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every proposal or agreement for a composition with individual creditors, or to flop the proceedings in the sequestration, other than as hereby expressly authorised and allowed, shall be deemed illegal and void, and all persons concerned in them shall be liable to be complained of to the court of session, at the instance of any party having interest, and made answerable for all consequences; and if it shall be proved that any creditor has privately accepted of a gratuity, or higher composition, for giving his concurrence to the measures proposed on be-

335

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.

half of the bankrupt or his friends, he shall forfeit his debt, and be liable in restitution of what he has received, which shall go into the general fund of division; and the bankrupt himsell shall, if required, make oath that there has been no such private transaction or compromise between him and any of the creditors, and that he has used no undue influence with any of them to obtain their concurrence.

L. And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Discharge to in case no proposal of composition is made at the time, and in the manner before specified, or in case the same, when made, ae°ta- er

shall become ineffectual, no other proposal of a similar nature cations, shall be attended to by the trustee, or be of any effect, unless proof is made that the same has been assented to by every creditor, without exception; but after the period assigned for the second dividend, it shall be lawful for the bankrupt, with concurrence of the trufiee, and four fifths of the creditors in number and value, to apply to the court of session by petition, praying that he may be held as finally discharged of all his debts contracted before the application for sequestration, and this petition, being intimated upon the wall, and in the newspaper before mentioned, the court shall, at the distance of not less than three calendar months thereafter, resume the consideration thereof, and if no objection is made, they shall pronounce an act or order in terms of the prayer of the petition, but if appearance is made by any of the creditors, objecting that the discharge ought not to be granted on account of the bankrupt's not having made a fair discovery and surrender of his estate, or that he has refused to grant a disposition to the trustee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully been absent from the diets of examination, or has been guilty of any collusion, or that his bankruptcy did not ariie from innocent misfortunes, or Losses in business, but from culpable or undue conduct, the court shall judge of these objections, and allow a proof of them, if thought necessary, and shall either grant or.refuse the discharge, or annex such conditions thereto as the nature and justice of the case may require, the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court, or upon commission, when judgment is pronounced in his fayour, and before the act can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the requisites of the statute, and has used no undue influence, nor had recourse'to any secret compromise with his creditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any such private transaction between the bankrupt and any of his creditors, the same is hereby declared to be unlawful, and no action shall lie upon any bill or other security granted in consequence thereof.

LI. And whereas it may be reasonable that the bankrupt should have some allowance out of the estate for jimporting himself and his family, while the trustee may have occasion for his affstance, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That four fifths of the credi- Allowance to tors in number and value, present at the meeting after the last the bankrupt, diet of the bankrupt's examination, or at any after meeting called

Creditors in number and value, how to be counted.

336 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

ed for the purpose, may authorise the trustee, with consent of the'of, or any two of them, to allow and pay to such bankrupt conforming to the terms of this act, from time to time^ as they shall think fit, such lum or sums of money, out of the proceeds of his own estate, as they shall think proper, towards the subsistance and support of himself and family till the period assigned for the second dividend, not exceeding two guineas per week from the date of the sequestration to the period aforesaid, and so as not to amount upon the whole to more than five pounds per centum of the nett produce of the estate: provided always, That no such allowance shall be given, if the bankrupt has not kept, or shall not produce, such book or books as may enable the creditors and trustee to acquire a distindf knowledge of his affairs.

LII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases under this act, where the creditors are required to be counted in number, any creditor whose debt is below twenty pounds sterling shall not be reckoned in number, but the debt due to such creditor shall be computed in value; and in the cases before-mentioned of compounding with or discharging the bankrupt, any debt due to a creditor who has a preferable security or lien upon the bankrupt's estate or effects shall not be counted in the value, but shall be laid aside to the extent of what may be ascertained as the value, of such security or lien, in the manner before directed, without prejudice to his being counted in number, if his whole debt be not extinguished by such preferable security or lien, or to his being counted also in value to the extent of the balance, and the same rule shall be followed in the case of partnership debts claiming upon the estates of individual partners.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sederunt book before mentioned shall contain a full record of ail minutes of meetings (which shall be subscribed by the prefes of such meetings in the fedu-runt book) {fates of accounts, and schemes of division, and another duplicate-of these minutes, states* and schemes shall be subscribed by the trustee, and, within fourteen days after the lapse of one year from the date of the first deliverance on the petition for sequestration, shall be transmitted to the clerk to the sequestration, in the court of session, to lie among the records of the court, and within fourteen days after the end of every succeeding half year, till the estate is finally divided, a firnilar duplicate of the proceedings in the said book for the half year preceding shall be signed by the trustee, and transmitted to1 the clerk to the sequestration, to lie among the records of the court; and extracts of these writings, signed by one of the principal clerks of session, shall bear evidence in all courts of justice; and the said book of jcdcrunt, and the bankrupt's books and papers, and the whole other papers in the truPcee's hands, shall at all times be made patent to any creditor who desires to lee the same.

LIVh And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all applications under this act, which are directed to be made to the

cotirt

Book of sederunt to be kept, and copy lodged in the court of session.

Book of sederunt, See. to be patent to the creditors.

Court to proceed in time of session,

on the bills in vacation.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74." 337

Court of session, shall either be made to the whole court, while it l°rd ordinary is fitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, or during any recess of the court, and the lord ordinary on the bills shall have the full powers of the court in ordering and following out the different steps of proceeding required by the while the court is not fitting.

LV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Court, See. to appeal shall be taken against any order or interlocutor t ( the court of session, or against any order of the lord ordinary upon the bills, Of appeals, in the execution of this act, it shall be lawful and competent to the said court in time of session, and the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, or during any recess, notwithstanding such appeal, to make such orders, and direct fetch proceedings, as shall appear to be necessary for preventing the eftnte of the debtor from being embezzled, secreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the appeal is pendant, and every ffep may in the mean time be taken in the recovery of the bankrupt's effate, and the distribution thereof, that is not repugnant or injurious to the interest which the party appealing by the appeal in lifts upon.

LVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when Other credi-any petition for sequestration, under the authority of this act, is tors may con-presented, it shall be competent for any other creditor to concur cur* therein, and to follow forth the same, even without the consent, or after the death of the creditor or creditors originally petition- Expence to ing, and the expence disbursed therein shall be repaid by the the^funcT^ ° trustee out of the firfe money that comes into his hands; and if if bankrupt the bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean time, the proceed- dies, the fe-ings under this a<Pc shall notwithstanding be carried on and fol- questration to lowed out to their conclu fion, as if he were in life. proceed.

LVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, it Court may shall and maybe lawful for the court of session to establish such make further regulations as shall appear to be most proper for carrying this act regulations, into effectual execution, according to the true intent thereof, and to publish the same in any act or acts of sederunt, which shall be binding in so far as is consistent with this act\

LVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Sheriff and all cases under this act, where any thing is directed to be done by stewart fyno-the sheriff depute or substitute, or where any mention is made Gf nimous. the sheriff clerk, or the word county is used, it is hereby meant and intended that these terms shall equally apply to the stewart depute or substitute, or fee wart clerk of any stewartry in Scotland.

LIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Trustee interim manager, and like wife the trustee, shall at all times be amenable to amenable to the court of session, by summary application to that the court* court, to account for his intromissions and management, and answer for his conduct, at the instance of any party interested; and in case such application shall appear to the court to be groundless, he shall be entitled to his full costs, to be either retained out of the fund?, or recovered from the party, as the court shall direct; and it shall be competent at any time for one-fourth Power to re-of the creditors in value to apply summarily to the court of session raove Vol. XXXIX, Z for

338

or accept of his resignation.

New truflec may be named.

Trustee may be discharged by the court.

Act to be liberally interpreted, and to extend to women.

No duty on estates fold tinder this act

Estates fe-questrated

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

for having him removed, upon cause shewn; a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertised for the purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove or to accept of the resignation of any trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the event of the acting trustee's death, the next trustee in succession shall be entitled to act; and upon failure of the several trustees originally named, by death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any two of tils creditors to apply to the court of session to cause a meeting of the creditors to be held, upon due advertisement, for choosing a new trustee or trustees in succession, and in any of these cases the new acting trustee shall immediately call to account his predecessors in office, or their heirs and representatives, and shall be vested with the same powers, and subject to the same rules and regulations as any former acting trustee.

LX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when a final division is made among the creditors in any sequestration awarded under the authority of this act, or of the aforesaid acts paHed in the twenty-third and thirtieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or when a trustee or factor named under the authority of this or of the said former acts intends to resign. his office, it shall be competent for him to apply by petition to the court of session, craving to be discharged of the trust, and the court shall appoint the petition to be advertised in the newspaper before-mentioned, and at the end of fourteen days from the date of the advertisement, if no valid objection is stated, the court shall grant the desire of the petition, but if any objection is stated, the court shall proceed to determine, the same in a summary manner.

LXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be construed by all judges in the most beneficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended, and that the same shall be construed to comprehend unmarried women and widows coming within any of the descriptions before-mentioned, and also married women carrying on trade or merchandize independent of their husbands.

LXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no rates or duties imposed by any statutes upon estates or effects fold 1 by auction shall be exigible upon any estates or effects fold under the authority of this act.

LXIII. And whereas several personal estates of bankrupts, sequestrated under the authority of an act passed In the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Intituled, An act for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arrest-ment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have not yet been finally divided, and doubts have arlfen how the fa?ne ought to be divided, and the trufieefinally discharged; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such cases where the sequestration was not renewed under the authority of the aforesaid

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. 339

act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present under 12, Geo. Majesty, it shall be competent to and incumbent upon the factor, ^llv trustee or trustees, named under the authority of the foresaid abl, ed, and truf-passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, tee discharg-within six months after the commencement of this act, to make ed. up a scheme of division of the whole funds in his hands among the creditors, who, in terms of the said abl passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, have right thereto, and ta present the said scheme, with a petition, to the court of session* craving that warrant may he given for dividing the said funds in conformity to the said scheme, and for relieving him of his office, ' or continuing him, as the circumstances may require, and the court shall appoint notice thereof to be given in the newspaper before-mentioned; and after the elapse of a reasonable time from the date of such advertisement, the court shall resume confederation of the petition, and proceed in a luminary manner in the division of the funds among the creditor having right thereto, and the exoneration of the lablor or trustee, or giving him'such further directions as may be necessary; and in case no such scheme and petition are presented by the factor or trustee, it shall nevertheless be competent for the common debtor, or for any of the creditors, to make a summary application to the court for calling the fablor, or trustee or trustees, to account, and for winding up the affairs of the truss in such a manner as shall appear to the court to be mo ft proper and effectual in the circumstances of the case; and failing any such application to the court, within six months after the commencement of this act, it shall be held and considered that the sequestration or truss created under the said act of the twelfth of his Majesty, and not renewed under the act of the twenty-third, is entirely at an end; and if there be still any1 part of the estate or effects falling under such sequestration or truss remaining undivided, the same shall be open to the legal diligence of any creditor of the bankrupt, prior or posterior.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That bankrupts who have obtained their discharge from their Bankrupts creditors prior to this act, and under and by virtue of the act discharged passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, shall be entitled to the same benefits and advantages as they would intitled to the have been entitled to if such discharge had been granted under same benefits this act, and their future effects shall be no otherwise liable than as if discharg-they would have been had such discharge been granted under and ^under by authority of the same.

LXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Continuance abl shall continue and be in force for fi.ve years from and after the a* commencement thereof, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

34° Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual) an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, and preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

[June

3> V93-]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 11 Geo. 3. c. An act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effects* recited, tual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, gUeys, passages, and places, and preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same, the foie power of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, and powering of all common feivers, drains and vaults, and of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several streets, lams, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the fid city 0/'London, and the liberties thereof, were vested in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city, to be executed by jack persons as by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, should from time to time be nominated, and under the common seal of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, be appointed for that purpose, which said persons, so from time to time to be nominated and appointed, together with the recorder and common serjeant of the said city for the tune being, were thereby constituted of for carrying the said recited act into execution; and certain powers and authorities were vefed in the said commissioners, thereby directed to be and thereby appointed: and whereas the powers granted by the said recited a Ft have been found of great publick utility; but the good purposes thereby intended cannot be effectually answered, unless the said act is explained and amended, and other powers granted: and whereas by the said recited a FI every commissioner to be appointed in pursuance thereof is to have notice to attend at every publick ?neeting of the said commissioners, by summons from the clerk to the said of for the time being, but many of the fid commifioners have not, and others may not have any place of residence within the said city, or the liberties thereof, and others live, or ?nay hereafter live, attoo great a cliff ance for fitchsummons to be served upon them, without great inconvenience and difficulty: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

sent

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75, 34.1

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, every such corn- Commission-missioner, so residing at any place not within the said city or ers not re- liberties, shall from time to time leave notice with the principal clerk to the said of, at his office in guildhall, of fume liberties, to certain place, within the said city or liberties, where such sum- leave with the mons may from time to time be left for such commissioner, at principal which place it is hereby required such summons shall be left, and ^efJmaen^ccee not elsewhere, and the leaving of such summons shall be and is within the hereby deemed and declared to be a good and sufficient summons, same where any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any- the summons wise notwithstanding. ma^ lcit*

II. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall. For prevent -without licence or authority from the said of, alter or ing altera bon 3 cause to be altered the form of the pavement, or any part thereof, {fleets? ° of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys,

s, or places, which, under and by virtue of the said recited act: and this present act, are or shall be under the management of the said of, or in any way incroach thereupon, or break up the pavement of the foot or carriage ways of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, without leave of the said of, except for the purpose of taking up, laying down, or repairing any water pipe or water pipes under the same, upon pain that every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, over and above the expence of relaying and reinffa-ting the same, according to the orders and directions of the said of in that behalf (and which orders and directions they are hereby fully authorised to give), the said penalty, forfeiture, and expences to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the city of London, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the commission of such offence; in which action or suit no protection, privilege, essoin, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall For preyent-without licence or authority from the said of, fix or ^fin^and place, or cause to be fixed or placed, any bar or bars, chain or othVobftruc-chains, poll or polls, or other permanent obstruction, across or in tions being any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, placed acrofa or places, which by virtue of the said recited act: are or shall be un- tJle

der the management of the said of, so as in any wise to prevent, obstruct, llraiten, or render less convenient the passing and repairing of carriages, horses, or foot passengers, upon pain that every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, over and above the expence of taking down and removing such bar or bars, chain or chains, poll or polls, or other obstruction, according to the direction

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

of the said of in that behalf, who are hereby fully authorised to order and cause the same to be taken down and removed forthwith, by the person or persons so offending, or by such other person or persons as they the said of shall authorise and diredf; the last mentioned forfeiture and expences to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the city of London, in the name of the principal clerk for the time being to the said of, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the committing of such offence; in which action or suit no protection, privilege, essoin, or wager of law, rior more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, for prevent-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, ing aihes, &c. other than the person or persons contracting with the said com-t^en fro in missioners for cleansing the said city or liberties, or any part or

any house, parts thereof, or those employed under such contractor or con-

S: c. by any tractors, shall, on any account or pretence whatever, go about

person but the for t}->e purpose of collecting or gathering, or shall collect! or ga-clelnfing1 101 t1ner> or for5 receive or carry away, any duff, dirt, cin-

b ders, or ashes, from any house, outhouse, shop, or warehouse, or other premises in or out of or from any of the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places under the management of the said of, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall fee such offence committed to seize, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing the offender or offenders, together with the horse or horses, or other bead or beads, cart or carts, wheelbarrow or wheelbarrows, or other carriage or carriages, or other implement or implements, made use of for carrying away the same, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required so to do, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey and deliver such offender or offenders into the custody of a peace officer, in order tobefecured and conveyed before some justice of the peace for the said city, and such justice shall and is hereby authorised and required to examine upon oath (or if he, she, or they shall be a quaker or quakers, then upon his, her, or their solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation such justice is hereby impowered to administer) the person or persons apprehending such offender or offenders, and any witness or witnesses who shall appear to give information touching such offence, and if the party or parties shall be convicted of any such offence, he, (lie, or they fhaff for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lef's than twenty shillings, and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall be paid to the person or persons who shall-apprehend, seize, and take the offender or offenders, or such horse or horses, beaff or beasts, and other thing or things as aforesaid, and the other moiety into the chamber of the said city, and applied to the purposes of the said recited or this act and if such offender or offenders shall not immediately on convjdfion pay the said forfeiture, such justice is hereby required to diredf such horse or horses, qr other beaff or beasts, cart or carts5 wheelbarrow or wheel-

343

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

barrows, or other carriage or carriages, or implement or implements, which shall have been so seized (and which the person or persons seizing or assisting in seizing, shall and may, and is and

are hereby required to drive, remove, and take, or cause the same to be driven, removed, and taken to the green yard of the said city), to be apprai'fed and fold, and after deducing out of the monies to arise by such sale the forfeiture incurred, together with the charges and expences attending the removing, detaining, keeping, and maintaining the same, and after such appraisement and sale, the overplus thereof shall be returned, upon demand, to the party or parties whose horle or horses, beast or beasts, or such other thing or things as aforesaid, shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such seizure as aforesaid, or if the horse or horses, bead or beads, or such other thing or things as aforesaid, which shall be so appraised and fold,

shall not produce a sufficient sum of money to pay the said penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, then, if such offender or offenders shall not immediately upon conviction pay the whole of the said penalty or forfeiture, or so much of the said forfeiture, charges, and expences, which shall remain over and above the produce of the sale of the horse or horses, bead or beads, thing or things fold, after deducing the cods and charges of such appraisement and sale, then such judice may and is hereby authorised and required to commit such offender or offenders to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the said city, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, to be computed from the day of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, be sooner paid and Satisfied.

V. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained Owners of shall extend to prevent or hinder the owner or owners of such dull:, &c. may

the same for

remove it for

dust, dirt, cinders, or ashes, from carrying away UK their own use.

his, her, or their own use, to be applied to any manufacture of such owner or owners, or to the manuring of any ground occupied by him, her, or them, but not for sale.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the person or persons If the person who shall so go about for the purpose of collecting or gathering, taking away^or shall collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, or carry away not^e appre-any such duff, dirt, cinders, or ashes, contrary to the direction hended, the of this a Cl, cannot be apprehended, then and in every such case owner of the the owner or owners of the horse or horses, or other beast: or beasts, cart or carts, wheelbarrow or wheelbarrows, or other pe^aity* carriage or carriages, or implement or implements, used or employed in carrying away the same, shall be subject to the like per nalty or forfeiture, and which penalty or forfeiture shall be recovered and levied by such distress and sale, and divided and dispose<| of in such and the like manner as last mentioned and directed and if the monies to arise by such distress and sale shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy such penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, or if no such distress can be made, such julbice is hereby authorised and required to commit him, her, or them, to

344

Impowering the collectors to distrain, in case of non-payment of rates

For assessing houses let or in lodgings.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the said city, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any person or persons who shall be rated or airelTed by virtue pr in pursuance of this act, or the said recited act, or any person or persons liable to pay any rate or rates, assessment or assess'rnents, rr>ade by virtue or in pursuance thereof, shall by the space of seven days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such demand being either personally made oil the respective person or persons so charged with or liable to pay the same, or left in writing at his, her, or their respective house or houses, place or places of abode) shall refuse or neglect to pay the said rate or assessment, rates or assessments, then and in every such case ft shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every or any or either of them, having a warrant or warranty under the hands and seals of any three or more of the said of (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant), and with the assistance of a constable, or other peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty where the person or persons so refilling or neglecting shall reside, to enter his, her, or their house or houses, apartment or apartments, and then and there to seize and distrain his, her, or their goods and chattels, and if the same shall not be replevied, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the colls and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or assessment, with the colls and charges attending such diilrels and sale, returning the overplus (if any) on demand, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, the said costs and charges to be settled and allowed by the said of, or any three or more of them.

VIII. And whereas many houses in several of the wards of the said city are by the several landlords or ovjners thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, by which means ihe payment of the said rates for such houses, tenements, and buildings may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, 1 hat, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each respective ward within the said city, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, at the times the said of shall direct, to rate and afltfs in every such rate or assessment either the owners or occupiers of such houses or tenements respectively as for the preceding year were actually let or assessed towards the land tax, at a less rent than six pounds per annum, or occupied by two or more tenants, or any such occupier or occupiers, where-any such house

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. 345

or tenement is occupied by more than one, which rates or assessments shall be paid by the respective occupiers of such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof respectively, or some or one of them; and the occupier or occupiers of whom the same shall be demanded is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be so rated or assessect, so as such rates or assessments do not exceed the rent due and payable by him, her, or them, and to dedudl the same out of his, her, or their rent or respective rents; and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of such houses or tenements, is and are hereby required, from time to time, to allow such deductions and payments, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their rent or rents, and every such occupier paying such assessment or assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her respective rents as the said assessment or assessments so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, in like manner as if the same had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom such rent or rents shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, by the space of seven days next after the same shall be due, and be demanded in manner as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered of and from the occupier or occupiers, or any of them, of such houses or tenements respectively, or any part or parts thereof, by distress and sale of his, her, or their respective goods and chattels, to be made in such manner as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That The land-jf the monies to arise by such dirtrefs and sale shall not be suffi- Iords to be cient fully to pay and satisfy such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, together with the corts, charges, and expences at- ficiency of tending such dirtrefs and sale, or distresses and sales, then and so the distress. osten, and in every such case, so much of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, costs and charges, as shall remain unsatisfied, shall and may be sued for and recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, or owner or owners thereof respectively,

by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city of London, to be commenced and prosecuted by the said of, in the name of their principal clerk for the time being j in which action or suit no protection, privilege, essoin, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That no butcher or butchers. Butchers not

or other person or persons dealing in meat, occupying any house to hang meat or houses, or shop or shops, within the said city, or the liberties beyond the thereof (the publick markets, and the south side of Aldgate High then- s°^ §treet, only excepted) shall hang out any meat or offal, or permit &c.*

or suffer any meat or offal to be hung out beyond the story ports

of such his, her, or their house or shop, or respective houses or shops, or shall throw or convey, or cause, or permit or suffer any blood to be thrown or conveyed, or to run from his, her, or their, daughter house, shop, or premises, into any of the said

streets,

Drivers of carts, &c. to lead the shaft horse.

Commissioners may compel per tons tc attend their summons.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of twenty shillings.

XI. And be it hereby further enacted, That the driver of every waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck: (except in cases of horses going abreast, and of carts drawn -by one horse only, guided with leather reins of sufficient length by the driver fitting in or upon such cart, which shall be drawn within the said city, or the liberties thereof) shall hold in his or her hand a rope, strap, or thong of leather, of sufficient strength, not exceeding four feet in length, affixed to the bit of the bridle, or headftall of the halter of the horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs within the {hafts of or next to such waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck; and in case any person shall drive any waggon, carr, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck, within the said city or the liberties thereof (except as before excepted), without holding in his hand a rope, strap, or thong of leather, of sufficient strength, not exceeding four feet in length, aflixed to the bit of the bridle, or headftall of the halter of the horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs within the shafts of or next to such waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to seize, or assist in seizing such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this act, and with* out any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of the said city, and the party or parties accused being brought before him, such justice shall proceed to examine upon oath (or affirmation in the case of a quaker) any witness or witness'es who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath or affirmation the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings for the first offence, the sum of ten flail lings for the second offence, and the sum of twenty shillings for the third and every subsequent offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of, at any of their publick meetings, shall have full power and authority to summon or require any person, or persons against whom complaint shall be made to them, touching any offence or offences to be committed against the said recited act, or against this present act, to attend them the said of, in order to be examined concerning such offence or offences, and otherwise dealt with pursuant to the said acts, or either of them, as the case may require; and that if any person or persons, against whom any such complaint shall be made, shall after five days notice for that purpose served upon him, her, or them, in and by such summons, refuse or neglect to attend the said of at the time and place for which he, she, or they shall in such

J 793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75- 347

summons have notice to attend, every such person or persons so offending, by neglecting to attend such summons, shall upon the oath of any one or more credible witness or witnesses (or if such witness or witnesses shall be a quaker or quakers, then upon his, her, or their solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation any seven or more of the said of are hereby authorised and required to administer) forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons For compel-shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence be- hn£ attend-fore any justice of the peace, touching any matter contained in ^|s° wl^- any information or complaint for any offence against this acct, or the said recited act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, or if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence upon any appeal, or any adjournment thereof, by virtue of this act, or the said recited act, either on the part of the appellant or respondent, and any such person or persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to appear from time to time, at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for his, her, or their refusal or neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon oath, (or in case of a quaker or quakers, on solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), and to give evidence before such justice of the peace, or upon such appeal, or any adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said cases every such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all cases Directing the

of notices and summonses directed or required to be given or manner of served by this act, or the said recited act (except in the case of uo'

summonses for the meeting of the said of) which shall

pr may be necessary for carrying into execution any of the powers of this act, or the said recited act, the services of any such notices or summonses, either on the person to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his or her dwelling house, or usual or last place of his or her abode,

shall be a good and sufficient service of any and every such notices or summonses; and that in all cases whatsoever, where any such notices or summonses ought to be given to two or more persons for or respecting the joint act or omission of any such person or persons, whether the said person or persons be in partnership in trade, or otherwise jointly concerned in any such act or omission, the like service of any such notices or summonses on any one of such partner or partners, or person or persons, shall be also a good and sufficient service thereof.

XV. Whereas by the said recited at7, the number of hackney coaches -allowed to ply for hire in certain streets or places within the said city or liberties, were in several instances limited, and their dif tances one from the other, when so plying, were regulated and settled: and whereas it would be very convenient and beneficial to the publick> if the number of hackney coaches which are allowed to ply for hire on fbe south side of Saint Paul's Church Yard, near the west end

thereof

thereof.\ were also to be limit For regtila- when so plying, regulated an ting the ft and from an(j after t[le twenty-

or coaches on the south side hundred and ninety-three, not more than two coaches at the

of Saint Paul's same time shall stand or ply for hire at or near the west gate of Church Yard. Saint Paid's Church Yard', and that the first of the said coaches shall stand as near as may he to the south side of the said west gate, and to the rails of the said church yard, but not before the said gate, or any part thereof, and the other close behind the said first coach, and that not more than two coaches shall stand or ply for hire at the same time, immediately westward of the gate of the said church yard, commonly called The Dean's Gate, and that one of the said last mentioned coaches shall stand as near as may be to the west side of the said gate, called The Dean's Gate, but not before the same, or any part thereof, and the other close before the said last mentioned coach, and that both the said last mentioned coaches shall stand as near as may be to the rails of the said church yard, upon pain that the owner or driver of every hackney coach which shall stand or ply for hire in any of the said places where the number of hackney coaches is hereby limited, after the number of coaches so respectively limited shall be Handing or plying the rein, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied and recovered by such ways and methods as by the several acts of parliament now in force concerning hackney coaches, or by this present act, or any of them, are directed; and such penalties, when recovered, shall be applied to and for the purposes of the said recited act and this act.

XVI. And whereas, from the want of power in the magistrates of the city of London to enforce the appearance of masters, mistressess, or drivers of hackney coaches, ref ding out of the jurisdiction of the same magistrates, to answer complaints for offences committed by such masters, mistressess, or drivers, within the said city and liberties, many of such offenders again)} the said recited ail cannot be punished by virtue there-of such offences being cognizable by the said magistrates only; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, For enforcing That in case, and when and so often as any complaint shall be the appear- made to any justice of the peace of the said city, touching any of-tei^and Ti-iv ^ence or offences punishable by or under the said recited a8c, or ers of hackney bY or unc^er this present act, by any person or persons, being the coaches. master, mistress, or driver, or masters, mistresses, or drivers of any hackney coach or hackney coaches, residing at any place or places out of the said city, or the liberties thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to issue a summons, under his hand, requiring such person or persons against whom any such complaint shall be made, to attend such justice at such time and place within the said city or liberties, as such justice shall appoint, in order to answer such complaint; and that if any such person or persons, being such master, mistress, or driver, or masters, mistresses, or drivers, and residing as aforesaid, and against whom any such complaint shall be made, shall, after three days notice to attend

ed, and their distances one from the other, d settled', be it therefore enacted, That, fourth day of Tune one thousand seven

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. 349

as aforesaid, served upon him, her, or them., in and by such summons as last mentioned, or left at his or her last or usual place of abode, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, upon the appearance of any such offender or offenders, to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to convibf or acquit him, her, or them; but if such offender or offenders shall refuse or neglect to attend such justice, at the time and place for which he, she, or they shall in such summons have notice to attend, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to issue a warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, for the apprehending and bringing before him the said justice, or any other justice of the peace for the said city, the person or persons who shall have so refused or neglected to appear upon such summons, provided that such warrant or warrants be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty wherein such offender may reside or be found, which warrant or warrants any such magistrate who shall be applied to for that purpose shall, and he is hereby required and directed to back or countersign accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful for such justice, upon the appearance before him of such person or persons so complained of, being a master, mif-tress, or driver, or masters, miftrestes, or drivers of any hackney coach or hackney coaches, and residing as aforesaid, to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to convict or acquit the same person or persons of the offence or offences so complained of, and every such conviction, either upon the appearance of such offender or offenders in pursuance of the said summons, or being brought before such justice by such warrant or warrants, shall be as valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if such person or persons had resided within the city of London, or the liberties thereof; and in case the person or persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay and satisfy the penalty or forfeiture directed to be paid for the offence of which he, she, or they shall be so convicted by the before recited act, or this present act, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to commit such offender or offenders to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the said city, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twenty days, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for- Method of feitures by the said recited act, or this present act, inflicted or recovering pe-authorised to be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering na ies* whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the said city, which warrant or warrants such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the evidence of any one or more credible witness or witnessss upon oath (or affirmation in the case of a quaker), and the informer is hereby rendered a competent witness, and the overplus (if any) of the money arising by such distress and sale shall be returned, upon demand,

Warrant of distress to be backed.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Penalty on drivers of waggons, Sec. with two or more horses, or other beasts of draught, riding on either of such horses. '

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

mand, to the owner of such goods and chattels, after deducting the costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and the penalties and forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherv/ife applied) shall be paid into the chamber of the said city, and be applied towards the purposes of the said recited act; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the said city, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless such penalties and for- feitures, and all reasonable charges attending the same, shall be' sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XVIII. Provided always, That no such distress dial I by virtue' of this act be made, out of the limits of the said city, and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty where such distress is proposed to be made, which warrant or warrants any such magistrate who shall be applied to for that purpose shall forthwith back or countersign.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace before whom shall be recovered any of the penalties or forfeitures imposed by this act, or the said recited act, where no other manner of mitigation of any such penalties or forfeitures is hereby or by the said recited adirected, to mitigate or lessen any of such penalties or forfeitures as he in his discretion shall think fit, so as the same be not mitigated or reduced to less than one moiety or half part thereof.

XX. And whereas many drivers of waggons, carts, drays, trucks, and fledges, dra wn by two or more horses, or other beajis of draughty 'make a practice of riding on one of such horses, or other beasts, to the great danger of the publick\ be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any driver of any waggon, cart, dray, truck, or fledge, drawn by two or more horses, or other beasts of draught, within the said city or liberties, shall fit or ride on either of such horses or other beasts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whomsoever, who shall fee such offence committed, to leiz.e, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing such offender, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of the said city, and the party accused being brought before him, such justice shall proceed, to examine, upon oath, any wimefs or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence, which oath (or affirmation, in the case of a quaker) the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer, and if the party accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his own confef-

fi-OJTy

35*

fion, or upon such information as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for the first offence, the sum of twenty shillings for the second oifence, and the sum of forty shillings for the third and every other offence, and upon nonpayment of such penalty, it shall and -may be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender to be committed to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twenty days, nor less than {even days, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on shall at any time or times obstruct, hinder, or molest any of the j?er^s a^c said of, or any surveyor or surveyors, or other officer the coUe&ors or officers, workmen, person or persons whomsoever, who shall or other offi-be employed by virtue of this act, in the performance or execu- cers. tion of their duty, every such person so offending shall for the first offence forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings, for the second the sum of twenty shillings, and for the third and every other offence the sum of five pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Penalty on distress is authorised to be made by the said recited or this act, if constables any constable of the parish or place where the same is to be made, rehifing^01* upon being called upon by any collector or collectors, or any in case other person (who shall have obtained such warrant of distress) of any distress shall neglect or refuse to aid and assist in making such distress and being taken, sale, such constable shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the of Commission* appointed to put in execution the said recited act, and such com- ^'s to be stiled missioners as shall hereafter be appointed to put the said act, and ftYewers the present act, into execution, shall be named and (filed Com- of the city of missioners of sewers of the city of London, and liberties thereof. London, &c.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no action of suit to be Actions or commenced or prosecuted under the authority of this present act, Viiits not to or the said recited act, in the name of the principal clerk to the by the said of for the time being, shall abate or be disconti- movai of the nued by the death or removal of such clerk, or by the act of the clerk.

said clerk, without the consent of the said of, but that such clerk shall always be deemed plaintiff or defendant in such action or suit, as the case may be: provided always, That every such clerk shall be reimbursed out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, all such costs, charges, and expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made plaintiff or defendant.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector Monies in the

or collectors dial I happen to die or become bankrupt, or take the Cfa-

benefit of any insolvent aft, before he or they shall have fully paid or becoming and satisfied all the monies by him or them received by virtue of bankrupts or the said recited act, then and in every such case the executors or insolvent, how a^ministrators, or other legal representative or representatives, or ami

k a person

Form of conviction.

inhabitants may be witnesses.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

person or persons possessing the estate and effects of every/uch collector, or the assignee or assignees of every such bankrupt or insolvent, shall, out of the estate and effects of the party so dying; becoming bankrupt or insolvent, pay into the chamber of the said city, all such Turns of money as shall be in the hands of such person respectively at the time of his or their death, or at or after the time of his becoming bankrupt or insolvent, and not paid over; or so much thereof as the estate and effects will extend to pay, in preference to any other creditor, and the receipt or receipts of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money, -to the person or persons paying the same; and every executor, -administrator, or assignee, or such other persons paying the same as aforesaid, may to any action, suit, or prosecution commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead and give in evidence the authority of this act for such payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any specialty, judgement, or other debt or demand whatsoever; and in case of nonpayment of the same by the space of one calendar month after the same shall have been demanded by any person or persons to be authorised by the said of for that purpose, it shall be lawful for the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in his own name to commence one or more action or actions, suit or fuitS; in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, against such executors, administrators, or assigns, or other person as aforesaid; for the recovery of the same, in which action no essoin, protection, or wager at law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And, for the more ecify and speedy conviction oj offenders against the said recited act, and this prese?it aft, be it further enacted, That all and every justice and justices before whom any person or persons shall be convictad of any offence against the said recited act, or this present act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or any other form of words to the same effect; (that is to say)

7 TJ E it remembered, That on the day

To wit. j JD of in the year of the reign of his majesty King

A* B. is [or are] convicted before me G. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city of London, by virtue of an act of parliament made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the title of the act, and specify the offence, and tunc and place when and where the jaine was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all actions, prosecutions, informations, causes, and proceedings, relating to or concerning the execution of this present add, or of the said recited act, any inhabitant within the said city or liberties shall be a competent

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. 353

witness, and be admitted to give evidence* notwithstanding such inhabitant is charged with or liable to pay any rate by virtue of this act, or the said recited act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Persons ag-think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance £l'ieved may of this act, and for which no particular method of relief is hereby ^enera^or11^ appointed* such person may, within six calendar months after the quarter fef-cause of complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the justices of peace fions.

at their general or quarter sessions to be holden for the said city of London, such appellant first giving, or causing to be given, eight days notice at leaf):, in writing, of his or her intention to exhibit such appeal, and the matter thereof, to the clerk of the said coni* missioners, and within four days after giving such notice entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said city, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide by the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such general or quarter sessions; and the said justices at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice beins foven, and of the entering into such recognizance as afore-

O © 7^o o

said, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a Summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing, or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and the determination of such justices shall be binding, final, aild conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no rate or a/Teffment, Rates and or any proceeding to be had touching any order made, or other

matter or thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any qu^ed for complaint, conviction, or appeal, or any order oi* determination want of form; thereon in pursuance of this act, or the said recited act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or re- nr removed^moveable into any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVtJimln- Ceitioran* yAr, by Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceedings person or persons shall be subject or liable to the payment of any° be

of the penalties or forfeitures inflibted by virtue of this act, or the* Si said recited act, for any offence or offences against this act, or the said recited act, unless some proceedings shall be had according to the directions of this act, respebbing such offence or of* fences within six calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- Powers of visions, powers, articles, clauses, impositions, and distributions of former act penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things in the ^his^ab^said recited act enacted, contained, or prescribed, and not hereby

varied or altered, or otherwise provided for, shall be and continue of full force and effect, and shall belikewife applied and extended to this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had severally and respectively been expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

[Publick act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this present act shall

354 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76 — 80. [1793.

be deemed, adjudged, taken, and allowed to be a publick aand be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfound*-land, and the islands adjacent. — - [June 17, 1793.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for further settling and securing a certain annuity on the heirs male of the body of the late lord Rodney, to whom the barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick.

[June 17, 1793.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to enable his royal highness George prince of Wales to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel of his said royal highness's duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

[June 17, 1793.]

Grants of the prince of Wales of manors, lands, Sec, in the duchy of Cornwall to be effectual in law, according to their purport. The prince may grant leases for three lives, or thirty-one years, and leases for ninety-nine years upon annual ground rents, for building or for improving wastes, and no fines to be taken. Agreements in grants to be effectual in law, according to their contents. General laving.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act requiring and authorising Charles Gilbert, esquire, treasurer of the eastern division, and the reverend Francis Tutte, the legal representative of Randolph Tutte, deceased, late treasurer of the western division of the county of Sufftx, to pay certain films of money received by them the said treasurers, or either of them, on account of the not raising the militia of the said county, into the publick (locks of the said divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[June 11, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

Militia acts 7 and 9 Geo. 3. recited. Mr. Gilbert to pay 1, 327l. us. id. 3q. received by him at next Midsummer sessions, into The County Stock of the Eastern Division. Randolph Tutte's goods, &c. unadmini-ftered, come to the hands of Francis Tutte, clerk, to be liable to pay 882l. 2$. 9d. iq. at next Midsummer sessions- into The County Stock of the Western Division. In default, clerk of the peace to prosecute. On payment of his money Mr. Gilbert to be indemnified. Justices at sessions for eastern division to pay out of the county flock the expences of this act; and justices for western division to reimburse them a proportionable part of such expence. Remainder to be applied as the respective publick stocks of the said divisions are applied.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Oxford canal navigation, at Braunston, in the county of Northampton, to join the river Thames at or near Brentford, in the county of Middlesex, and also certain collateral cuts From the said intended canal.

[April 30, 1793.]

Certain persons incorporated by the name and style of "The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, " who are to make and complete a canal, to be called 4t The Grand Junction Canal, " from the Oxford canal, in the parish of Braunlion, in Northamptonshire, through Drayton, Daventry, Welton, Thrupp, Long Buckby, Whilton, Norton, BrockhalJ,

Dodford,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80.

bodford, Weedon Beck, Stowe, Lower Heyford, Bugbrook, Gayton, Blisworth, Stoke Bruern, Road, Grafton Regis, Yardley Gobion, Furtho, and Cofgrove, in Northamptonshire; Woolverton, Bradwell, Stanton-bury. Great Linford, Newport Pagnell, Widen, Little Woolfton, Great Woolfton, Woughton, Simpson, Fenny Stratford, Watet Eaton, Stoke Hammond, Soulbury, Linflade, Grove, Slapton, Horton, Ivinghoe, Pightlefthorn, Cheddington, and Marsworth, in Buckinghamshire; Leigh^ ton Buzzard, in Bedfordshire; Tring, Aldbury, North Church, Great Berkhampstead, Bovingdon, Hemel Hempstead, Abbots Langley, King's Langley, Watford, and Rick man sworth, in Hertford fh ire $ Denham, in Buckinghamshire; and Harefield, Uxbridge, Cowley, Hillingdon, Dray- ton, Harlington, Hayes, Southall^ Htfton, Norwood, Hanwell, Isleworth, and Ealing, in Middlefe*, to unite with the river Thames at the place where the eastern branch of the river Brent is received by the river Thames; and also to make collateral cuts to Daventry, Northampton, Old Stratford, and Watford. Houses, gardens, &c. not to be injured without the consent of the owners and occupiers. Not to lay earth ori the inclosures in Stoke Bruern. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be twenty yards and five feet deep. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the plans and books of reference. No towing path to be made north west of the canal in Welton. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick impowered to sell and convey lands. Lands separated into small parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contracts and sales to be made at the expellee of the company. If parties cannot agree, the price to be settled by of, Or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates, or the company's boats, &c. may be seized or distrained upon for the same. Persons having a freehold Or copy-hold estate in the counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford or Middlesex, of the clear yearly value of lool. and the eldest son or heir apparent of any person having an estate in the said counties of the clear yearly value of 500l. and also every person residing in the said counties having personal estate, or real and personal estate, of the value of 3, 000l. to be of for settling differences between the company of proprietors and persons interested in lands, &c. Commissioners not to adfc where interested, and to take an oath. 100l. penalty on of acting, not being qualified. Commissioners may act as justices of the peace; but not whilst they hold any place of profit under this adh Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. General meetings of of Meetings to determine disputes, &c. to be held within ten miles of the canal. Commissioners shall fix the price of lands. If parties are dissatisfied with the determination of the of, value to be ascertained by a jury. Verdict of the jury to be final. If parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a jury to ascertain the value. Expences of of, witnesses and jury, by whom to be paid. Persons requeuing juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaint to the of 20l. penalty on sheriffs making default, and 5l. penalty on jury and witnesses not attending when summoned. Compensation to be made for tithes. Verdict for value of lands and damages to be ascertained separately. Power to entet* and take possession of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchase money* Verdicts to be recorded. Power to provide warehouses at a distance from the canal. Company obliged to purchase small pieces of land separated in making the canal. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid to the same uses. Commissioners to settle the proportion of the money to be paid to the several persons interested. Line of the canal in Ofterley lands. No water to be taken from, or works erected within, Ofterley lands, or the lands of John Robinson, esquire, the duke of Northumberland, or James Clitherow, esquire. Land owners may become proprietors, if they desire it. Lessees may become proprietors, where land owners decline it. Reservoirs to be provided for supplying the rivers Gade, Colne and Bulborne with as much water as shall be taken for the use of the canal. An equal quantity of water to be returned to the river Brent as shall be taken from it. Waste water from the summit at Marsworth to be conveyed southwardly. Millers not unnecessarily to draw

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. [1793.

down the water of their mill streams to the prejudice of the navigation. If the company deep.-n any streams they shall make good the damage the occupier of any mill thereon shall sustain. The company to divert the water from mill streams for rebuilding or repairing any null. Navigation of the river Brent not to be impeded. To prevent injury to the nulls of Bax and company. No injury to be done to the pipes and aqueducts for (applying Uxbridge and Hillingdon with water. The canal to be carried by aqueducts aero Is the river Colne, between the Point and Uxbridge. Surplus water below Uxbridge and the Brent to be conveyed into Cranford brook. Restrictions respecting Cow moor and Uxbridge moor. Canal not to communicate with the Colne below Uxbridge. A tumbling bay to be erected upon the Colne above The Point. To prevent Mr. Hanmer's mil4 from injury. Soil of the lands to be laid at a distance from materials for making the canal. Not to diminish the water of the Thames and His above Dorchester bridge. The company may raise 500, 000b attool, a flaare, and if not sufficient, 100, ooool. more by mortgage. Interest to be paid in preference to dividend. Five per cent, to be paid to the proprietors until the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every ftiare; but no per foil to have more than ten votes, nor ad as proxy for more than five Hurts. first general assembly of proprietors to be on June 1, 1793. General assemblies for chusing committees to conlift of one thousand shares. Assembly of proprietors may be specially tonvened. General assembly to elect and appoint officers, and take security from them. Powers of the committee, and regulations respecting the lame. Committee to make calls, and appoint officers and make contracts. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture without personal notice. On the death of subscribers before share completed executors may do it. Shares may be sold. After a call no lliare to be Fold until the money shall be paid. Regulations as to the acquisition of iliares by marriage or will, or in course of administration. Names of proprietors to be entered, and tickets of their shares delivered to them, on payment of 2s. 6d. each. Rates of tonnage; for all lime and limestone iq. per ton per mile: for cattle, sheep, swine and other beasts, and flint and other stones and bricks, tiles, slate, land, and fuller's earth, and ironstone, pig iron, and pig lead, and manure (except lime) aq. per ton per mile: for coal and coke 3q. per ton per mile: and for all other goods, wares, merchandize, &c. id. per ton per mile. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates. Rates may be lowered. Exemptions from rates. Further allowance for goods remaining upon wharfs above twenty-four hours. Company empowered to lease the rates. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Forty cubick feet of oak. alb or elm timber, and fifty cubick feet of fir, poplar, beech or birch, shall be deemed a ton. One hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois of coal or coke, and one hundred and twelve pounds of other articles to be deemed a hundred weight. In case of difference concerning the weight, collector may weigh them. Power to fix the price of small parcels. Navigation to be free, upon payment of rates. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, and watering places for- cattle. For fencing off towing paths. Swivel or draw bridges to be shut after vessels passed. If the company do not fence off towing paths and make bridges, &c. land owners may do it at the company's expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company are in-justicienl, land owners may make others at their own expence. Works damaged by Hoods to be repaired by the company. Enabling the company to cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owners expence. Tords of manors and land owners may erect wharfs, &c. But if not done within a year after notice the company may build. Regulations as to private wharfs. Company of proprietors, or others, not to ule, exclusively, private wharfs. Mailers to put their names on the outside cf boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boat owners to be accountable for damages done by the boatmen. Matters to recover from their fewants any sums for their default. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in, or for other boats to pass. Vessels obstructing the navigation to be removed, and vessels sunk to be weighed up. 5l. penalty on persons overloading and obstructing the passage of the canal, id. penalty on per

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81, 82. 357

fons opening the locks, or doing other datmge to the navigation. Destroying the works felony. Regulations of vessels passing the locks. Lock keepers not to give preference. Vessels pifling locks with lets than thirty tons to pay for thirty tons. Canal not to he under the power of commissioners of sewers. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Rights of lords of manors, and 1 md owners to the fifiu-ry prefi rved.

Power for land owners to use pleainre boats. Stones to he erected every quarter of a mile. Mines rekrved to lords of manors or other proprietors. Power to make roliers, or inclined planes, &c. Cuts may be made to mines with consent of land owners. Subscribers compelled to pay their subscriptions. Canal may be made through Mrs Scare's pica-lure grounds, under certain restridioim. No lock to be erected within a mile of Mrs* Scare's land at Bulhorne, without her consent. No injury to be done to the mills of the bon. Mrs. Leigh, at Leighton Buzzard. Majority of the proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. The company of proprietors of the Oxford canal navigation, to take rates for coals passing from the Oxford canal into the intended canal, 2s. 9d. per ton. For all other goods and things (except lime and limelhone) 4s. 4c!. per ton.

When the intended canal shall be complete from the Oxford canal to Old Stratford, and the rates do not amount to 5, 000! a year, and after the intended canal shall be complete, or on Jan. 1, 1804, (which shall firlf happen) the rates do not amount to 10, cool, a year, the company of proprietors to make good the deficiency to the company of the Oxford canal. Oxford canal company to keep account of those rates, and permit the same to be inipeded, and keep their canal in good condition. Rights of the Oxford canal company toother rates laved. The company to receive a rate of one halfpenny per ton for all goods, wares, merchandize. &c. passing from the canal into the river Thames, or from the Thames into the canal, and pay the same quarterly, to the corporation of London. If the said rate, and a rate of one halfpenny a ton granted to the corporation of London, by ad 17 Geo. 3. c. 18. do not amount to 200l. from the passing this act, to Midsummer 1795, and 5C0l. at Mid-summer 1796, and 600l. at Midsummer 1797, and 700l. at Midsummer 1798, and 800l. at Midsummer 1799, and 900l. at Midsummer 1800, and i, ooool. at Midsummer 1801, and every subsequent year the deficiency to be made good by the company. Recovery or the annual payments by the corporation of London. Rights of the corporation of London as conservator of the Thames and Medway, saved. No coals to be conveyed towards London, nearer than the mouth of the tunnel at Langley Bury, in Hertford shire, Recovtryof fines and forfeitures. Persons agr grieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter l'dlions. Proceedings not to be quafiied for want of form, nor removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Publk.lv ad.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in (melting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines, within the file of Anglesey.

[June 17, 1793.]

Ad 26 Geo. 3. c. 104, recited. From July 5, 1793, the drawbacks to be allowed of all duties paid for coals used for tin el ting copper and lead ores,

Nc. in Anglesey, not to exceed two thousand five hundreds a year.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the passages therein, or leading thereto, in the parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80.* [1793.

in the Minories, in the county of Middlesex, within the liberty of his Majesty's tower of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[June 17, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

So much of act u Geo. 3. p. 54, as relates to rating houses, warehouses, fee. which are partly situate within the said squares, streets, Scc. and adjoin upon other streets, and the rating of churches, dead walls, and void (paces of ground adjoining the said squares, streets, &c. repealed. The houses in the Great Minories from number 25, to number 40, inclusive, to be rated at one-fourth of the rate they would have been liable to if they had stood wholjy within the squares, streets, &c. intended to be paved by act 11 Geo. 3. Churches, &c. to be rated in future at 6d. a Square yard of pavement. The East India Company's ware houses in the pari ill of Trinity, in the Minories, to be rated andaflelfed at, and as of she yearly value of 1, 200l. Regulations of the former act, respecting for-mep rates, extended to the rates laid by this act. Expences of this act to be paid out of money raised by former act or this act.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching and regulating the squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages and places within the parish of St. Luke, in the county of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances and encroachments within the same.

[June 3, 1793.]

Act 27 Geo. 2. c. 25, recited and repealed. The rector, churchwardens, joverseer§ of the poor, and vestrymen of the parish of St. Luke to be trustees. Trpftets holding any office, or being concerned in contracts, disqualified. first meeting of trustees to be on May 30, 1793. Trustees may appoint officers. Not less than seven trustees to act, and if votes equal, the chairman to have the casting vote. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Trustees in the commission of the peace may act as justices, fee. Power of lighting and watching vested in the trustees, who may put up lamps, erect watch houses, boxes, fee. and appoint watchmen, fee. Constables to attepd to do duty in turn every night; and mi (behaviour of watchmen to be reported to the trustees. Penalty of 203. on constables, beadles, fee. for neglect of duty. Watchman's duty and power in the absence of the cqqstable, fee. Watchman not attending, beadle may appoint a substitute. Trustees may cause the road to be watered, and the streets to bp cle^nfed and watered. Materials vested in trustees, who may sue in the name of their clerk or treasurer. Penalty of 20s. on persons wilfully destroying qr extinguishing lamps, damaging watch boxes, &c. Justices may award satisfaction for damages done to lamps accident tally. Work may be dqne by contracts. Rates not to exceed is. 4d. in the pound. Rates on publick buildings, fee. by whom to be paid. Houses partly within, and partly without the limits of this act, to be rated in proportion. Persons removing, and others succeeding them, to pay due proportions, to be fettfed by two justices. Lefices, &c. subject to rates of houses let to lodgers. Trustees may remit persons unable to pay the rates. Trustees may compound with owners of houses under the yearly valpe of iol. Rates to commence June 24, 1793. Arrears of rates howto be recovered. Arrears of rates made by the former act tq be recovered by this act. Penalty of 40s. on constables, &c. not assisting in making distresses. If no distress can be found, the party may be committed. Actions may be broughf for the rases. Treasurer and collectors to account. Money in the hands of the treasurer or collector dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, howto be paid and recovered. Treasurer to pay monies to order of the trustees.1 Treasurer, &c. having money in hand by virtue of the act hereby repealed, to pay the same to the trustees under this act. Trustees may borroyr $oql/by annuities or at interest. Securities to be entered in a book. Contributors to have receipts. Securities may be assigned. Penalty on personss (except the scavenger) collecting dust or ashes, 40s. for the first offence, and 51. for every subsequent offence, if such offender cannot be apprehended, the r^ownep

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4, 85.

owner of the horse and cart employed in carrying away the dust shall pay the penalty. For preventing annoyances. Persons guilty of certain nuisances may be committed. This act not to extend to that part of the parish of St. Luke within the limits of zo Geo. 3. c. 48, or 31 Geo. 3. c.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

90. Directions for payment of a yearly sum mentioned in the last act* Restrictions on the application of the rates. For paying a sum of money annually to the tviiftees of Old Street Road, in lieu of statute labour. Recovery and application of forfeitures. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Persons aggrieved may appeal to trnf-tees, and if distatisfied to the quarter sessions. Justices hot to quash a general rate. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the west riding of the county of York, and for granting other powers for those purposes.

[April 30, 1793.]

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for supplying the towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke, Damare?, Stonehouse and the parts adjacent, in the county of Devon, with water.

Thomas Bryer, Thomas Amies, Thomas Jones, Thomas Gray, and Oliver Toulmin, incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Plymouth Dock Water Works." Houses, gardens. Sec. not to be injured. Satisfaction for damages, and if parties disagree to be settled by a jury. Bargains and lales enrolled in pursuance of this act to have the operation of fines and recoveries. No mill to be injured without the consent of the owner. If any dreams are interfedted by the trench, occupiers of the grounds to be supplied by a sluice. The Plymouth lent and river Plym not to be affected. The company empowered to pass the lines agreeable to the content of the board of ordnance. The departments of the office of ordnance to be supplied by the company with water for 200l. a year. Encampments within the lines to be supplied.

[Publick act.]

The dock yard, Sec. may be supplied with water for 500l. a year. Power for the of of pavement of Plymouth dock to treat with the company foy water for the poor. An agreement between Mr. Hall and the company confirmed. Inhabitants of Plymouth dock may make pipes to communicate with the company's pipes. Xbe company to supply the inhabitants of Plymouth dock with water. Inhabitants of the parts adjacent may make pipes to communicate with the company's pipes. Penalty of 10s. a day for laying pipes without the consent of the company. Penalty of jol. on persons interrupting the workmen. Persons injuring the works deemed guilty of a jpifdcmeanor. Penalty of 5l. for annoying the water. Ground where brake up for laying or repairing pipes to be made goqd as fooq as may be. Undertaking equally vested in the proprietors. Not to be subject to fevyers, rates or taxes. The rights of the prince of Wales, within the fareft of Dartmoor, not to be affected. Manerial rights, respecting mines, not to be affected. Inhabitants supplied with water under this act not to supply other persons. All questions to be determined by the majority in value. Recovery of forfeitures and penalties. Appeal. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if amends tendered. Orders of justices not to be quashed for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. The undertaking to be completed in seven years.

360 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86 — 88. [1793.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for amending and enlarging the powers of two acts, one made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

[April 30, 1793.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enlarging the church yard or cemetery of the parish church of St. Mary, Islington, in the county of Middlesex.

[April 30, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Contract for an acre of land in the manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, for i, aool. Thomas Sutton and James Burton, empowered to accept a conveyance in trust for the inhabitants of Islington. Trustees appointed. Trustees directed to pay the purchase money. Land purchased to be used as a bp rial ground, and vested in the vicar and churchwardens for the time being. Trustees to settle the fees payable for funerals. All orders, &c. to be made at meetings of the trustees. Trustees may sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer. Power to appoint officers. Officers to account. Trustees may borrow money on mortgage of the burial fees and rates, or grant life annuities. Trustees impowered to make a rate on houses, &c. of 3d. in the pound. Rates to be entered in a book. How rates may be recovered. Rates may be recovered of persons removed out of the parish. Persons over rated may appeal to justices. Proceedings of trustees to be entered in a book. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the lessions. ^imitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for paving and repairing certain streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving and regulating such parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street, as are in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch j and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

[April 30, 1793.]

Commissioners names. Majority at publick meetings to act, and five to iorm a meeting. First meeting of of to be on June 5, 1793. All acts to be done at a general meeting. Commissioners to pay their own expences, and not to act where interested. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to give security. Rates to be paid to the collectors. Proceedings to be entered in a book, to be read in evidence. On death or failure of treasurer, collector, Sec. the money in their hands, belonging to the trust, to be paid in preference. Officers taking other fees than allowed by this act, or being concerned in any bargain, disqualified, and to forfeit iool. Commissioners may cause certain streets to be paved or repaired. Penalty on obstructing workmen, 20s. for the first offence, 40s. for the fecopd offence, and 3l. for every other offence. 40s, penalty on altering the form of the pavements without content of the of Notice to be given of taking up pavements, fcc. for repairing any vault, drains, Sec. Commissioners may contract with companies for relaying pavements. To prevent nuisances by private drains, or cess-pools. Commissioners to pay for altering pipes for the purposes of altering this act. Where any of the water pipes break, notiqe to be gr<^en to the water companies. Paviours and turn cocks to give notice of their place of abode. Commissioners may direct grates over sewers to be altered. If new grates wanting, or sewers want cleansing or repairing, the commissioners of sewers to be summoned. Commissioners may contract for paving. Inhabitants to sweep the footways every day, between fix and nine in the morning, on penalty of 5s. Commissioners may regulate islands of hackney coaches. Property of pavement, See. vested in of Old materials may be sold or used. James of streets to ]dc affixed up» and houses pumbered. No person to

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

t ike away the dust, See. but the scavenger under the penalty of ros. for the first offence, and aos. for the second offence, and if the offenders cannot be apprehended, the owners of the carts to pay the penalty. After June 24, 1793, of may make a rate of 6d. in the pound, and when streets are repaired, a rate of is. in the pound. Power to compound. Empty houses to pay only half the rate. Publick buildings, &c. to he rated at 6d. per square yard. Clerk to make entries of rates. Rites to be signed by nine of, who are to grant warrants to collect and levy the same. Occupiers quitting without paying rates to be followed. Tenants to pay rates, and deduct one moiety of it of their rents. Ad not to make void agreements between, landlord and tenant. Commissioners may borrow 12, 000k upon the credit of the rates at interest, or by annuities on lives. Penalties not other wise provided for, how to be recovered. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Power of appeal to the quarter fdlions. Justices to amend rates appealed against without altering the other rates, inhabitants deemed competent witnesses, See* Proceedings not to be quaffed for want of form. Persons assessed to this rate, exculed from two thirds of the statute duty for the highways. Limitations of actions.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, squares, lanes* ways, passages, and publick places within such on*t of the pariff of Walcot, in the county of Somcrict, as is not within the circuit, precind, and jurisdiction of the city of Bath, in the same county; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective police therein; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, baiket men, and baiket women, within the said city of Bath, and a certain distance thereof.

[June 17, 1793.]

Commissioners appointed. This act to commence and the of frrft meeting to be on the second Tuesday after the passing thereof. Commissioners may act as justices of the peace. For appointing officers, who are to give security and deliver proper accounts. Books to be kept of proceedings. Actions to be in the name of the clerk, who shall be reimbursed his expences. Inhabitants to pave before their houses under the direction of the of The form of pavements not to be altered, without content of the of Notice to be given to the of 1'urveyor of taking up pavements for altering pipes, Commissioners may contract with the owners or occupiers to pave at a certain sum, and for all works to be done under this act. Surveyors to insped works contracted for. Property of all materials for the purpose of this act vested in of Power to provide lamps. Scavenger to clean the streets, and take away the dust twice a week. Inhabitants to sweep the footways before their houses. Watchmen, beadles, and confUbles to be appointed. Nuisances to be removed. To charge the expences of altering the pavements, fee. on the inheritance. Names of the streets to be set up, and houses numbered. Commissioners may make a rate not exceeding is. in the pound per annum. Tenant to pay the rates. Houses unoccupied not to be rated. Commissioners empowerd to borrow 1, 500l. on the credit of the rates. Commissioners may make new sewers. Commissioners may make bye laws. To repeal so much of acts 30 Geo. 2. and 9 Geo. 3. as relates to regulate chairmen in the city of Bath. The mayor, aldermen and common council of Bath, to make bye laws, for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, chairs, porters, baiket men, and baiket women. The town clerk tp receive for each licence for a hackney coach,

[Publick act.]

1 os. annually. For a chair 3s. For a porter, Scc. is. Penalties to be applied to the uPc of the casualty jiospital. Copies of bye laws to be affixed oiijL the Guildhall, and in the pump Room. Proceedings to be within iix months. Inhabitants may be competent witnesses. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quaffed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Appeal.

6z Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90 — 96. [1793.

CAP. XC.

An act for making a new street from Saint George's Road, in the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across the Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said parish; and for discontinuing, as a publick highway, part of a street called the Upper Ground Street, in the said parish.

[June 21, 1793.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Commissioners names. The of first meeting to be of the first Thursday next after passing this act, and of to pay their own expences, and may ad as justices. Actions to be in the name of the clerk. For appointing officers with salaries, who are to give security and account. Persons interrupting or assaulting the workmen, to forfeit for the first offence 20s. for the iecond 40s. and for the third 3l. Commissioners to lay out the new street as straight as may be, 45 feet wide. Commissioners may make contracts. Surveyors to inspect the works. Materials vested in the of Bodies politick, &c. may contract with of for sale of houses, lands, &c. Tenants to quit on three months notice. Commissioners to purchase houses, &c. in one year from the commencement of this act. A rate of is. for every foot of ground adjoining the new street to be made on the owners thereof. Commissioners may borrow at interest, or by annuities, 600l. For shutting up part of the Upper Ground Street. For mitigating penalties. Appeal. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Limitation of actions.

---

CAP. XCI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

CAP. XCII.

An act for paving, fighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the town of Chelmsford, or some part of the parish of Springfield, in the county of Essex, and a place called Collier's Reach, in or near the river Blackwater, in the said county.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from, the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the town of Bingham, both in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Glamorganshire canal, to or near the village of Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan; and for making and maintaining a rail-way or stone road from thence to or near Abernant, in the parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said county.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire canal, near the town of Pontypool,

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 97 — 105. 363

in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining rail-ways and stone roads from such canal to several iron works and mines in the counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at or near the city of Gloucester, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in the parish of Berkeley; and also a cut to or near the town of Berkeley, in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigation from the town of Leicester to communicate with the river Nen, in or near the town of Northampton, and also a certain collateral cut from the said navigation.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication from the junction of the river Foss with the river Ouse, at or near the city of York, to Stillington Mill, in the parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the county of York; and for draining and improving certain low lands lying on each side of the said river Foss.

CAP. C.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for erecting piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Sussex; and for impowering the commissioners acting under the said act to improve the navigation of the river Arun, from the said harbour to the town of Arundel, in the said county.

CAP. CI.

An act for amending and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church yard, for the use of the said parish.

CAP. CII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a cut out of the said canal in or near the said borough, to join the Erewash canal near Sandiacre, and for making railways from such canal to several collieries in the parishes or liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the county of Derby.

CAP. CIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Melton Mowbray navigation, in the county of Leicester, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

CAP. CIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the shire of Argyll.

CAP. CV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from a place called Hammerside Hill, in the parish of Ulverstone, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to a place called Weint End, near the town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

364 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 106 — 115. [1793.

CAP. CVI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the county of York, and making proper approaches thereto.

CAP. CVII.

An act to alter and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Berwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a navigable branch from the said canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the townships of Redness and Swinefleet, in the parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the county of York.

CAP. CIX.

An act for draining, preserving, and improving certain lands, lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Calder, in the township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge in the township of Cawthorne, in the West Riding of the county of York; and certain railways, and other roads to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the collieries at Shipley and Westhallam, in the county of Derby, to the Erewash canal, in the parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said county,

CAP. CXII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Worcester and Birmingham canal navigation, in the parish of King's Norton, into the borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the north end of the Shropshire canal, in the township of Rockwardine Wood, in the county of Salop, to the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Ancholme, in the parish of South Kelley, in the county of Lincoln, into the parish of Caistor, in the said county.

CAP. CXV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, in the township of Swinton, to or near the town of

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 116 — 124.

Barnsley, in the parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the county of York; and certain collateral cuts branching out of the said canal.

CAP. CXVI.

An act for embanking and draining certain salt marshes and low lands within the several parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the county of Lincoln; and for preventing the same marshes and lands from being overflowed with the sea, and for altering an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, marshes, droves, waste lands, and grounds, in the parish of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CXVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river Trent, at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln, and also a collateral cut from the said canal to join the said river Dun, in the parish of Thorne in the said Riding.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act for making effectual the statute labour in the shire of Inverness; and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing highways and bridges in the said shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the streets within the royal burgh of Inverness.

CAP. CXIX.

An act to vary and extend the line of the canal authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford, to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucester, and to amend the said act.

CAP. CXX.

An act for making effectual the statute labour, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making and repairing high roads and bridges in the county of Caithness.

CAP. CXXI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal, in the county of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham canal, now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXXII.

An act for erecting and making a pier and harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the parish of Saint Agnes, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. CXXIII.

An act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Carnarvon.

CAP. CXXIV.

An act for rebuilding the Tron church of the city of Glasgow; for opening certain streets; for removing obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the weight and measure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the streets of the said city; for enlarging

366 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 125 — 127. [1793.

the gaol or tollbooth there; and for selling part of the High or Calton Green, and also the glebe belonging to the inner high church, and parish of Glasgow.

CAP. CXXV.

An act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the harbour of Amlwch, in the isle of Anglesey.

CAP. CXXVI.

An act for amending an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Blything, in the county of Suffolk, and for granting some further powers and provisions for carrying the same more effectually into execution.

CAP. CXXVII.

An act for repealing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the charitable uses, extending the objects, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the estates given by sir William Harpur, knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charity, of the town of Bedford; and for the better management and disposition of the said estates, and the rents and profits thereof.

[Index Removed.]

