THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIII Part II

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo primo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the First Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. To extend the provisions contained in an act passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the said gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

Cap. 2. For further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 5. For extending the provisions of three acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken from the states general of the United Provinces; for declaring what goods shall be deemed military or ship stores; for regulating the sale of and ascertaining the duties upon East India goods condemned as prize in the port of London; for permitting the purchasers of prize goods condemned abroad to import such goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors themselves; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

Cap. 6. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels for a limited time.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 8. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

---

Cap. 10. For making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and essex^ purchased in pursuance of two several acts of parliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing his Mojefifs docks, hips, and stores, at Sheerness and Chatham; ands for better defending the poffage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

Cap. 11. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 12. To continue the duty of cne fanhing per chalder on coals, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing end maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

Cap. 13. For rendering effectual an act, made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 14. For raising a certain sum by way of annuities, and s lottery; and for consolidating certain annuities, which were made one joint (lock by an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, with certain annuities consolidated by several acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Second and in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 15. For the encouragement of seamen, and for themi speedy and effectual manning of his majesty's navy.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. For repealing the dispounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and sugar imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 17. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 19. To permit the importation of flax and flax seed into this kingdom or Ireland, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (fate in amity with his Majesty, navigated with foreign mariners, during the prefect hostilities.

Cap. 20. For declaring certain provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, relating to the turnpike roads in that pan of Great Britain called England to extend to all acts made, and to be made, for repairing roads subsequent to the passing of the said act.

Cap. 21. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 22. For improving the navigation of the river called Bourn Eau, from the town of Bourn to its junction with the river Glen at a place called Tongue End, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 23. For appointing of for putting in execution an at of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 24. For repealing the present duties upon paper, paste boards, millboards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 25. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mistaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to my and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Cap. 26. To permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Teas, to be importedato Great Britain or Ireland in British or foreign vessels from any place whatsoever> and for laying a duty on cotton and fojfpo ffftfi jqvbp^ejijmo this ftngdqm in fpreigo ft)ip$ or vef (dfr during "(be plxfent hostilities.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 27. To permit, during the present hostilities, the importation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese vessels; and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral ships and vessels.

Cap. 28. For allowing further titne for the exportation of or payment of the duties upon bugles, when wafehoused upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with respect to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the ijleof Man.

Cap. 29. To continue several laws relating to the opening and establishing certain free ports in the island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free importation of sago powder and vermicelli from his majesty's colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America \ to the allowing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandise, to certain places in North Amenta, which are or may be under the protection of his majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain and other parts of his majesty's dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs j to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and to revive and continue several laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper in bars, or copper in sheets; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be contained of board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships.

Cap. 30. For continuing, and making more effectual, several acts of parliament patted for cleansing and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the county of Essex\ and for repairing and cleansing the streets of the town of colchester\ and also for lighting the streets and lanes, and for preventing annoyances in the said town.

Cap. 31. For the better management and collection of the duties upon male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 32. To encourage the manufactory of verdegrease in Great Britain, and for laying a duty on foreign verdegrease imported.

Cap. 33. For building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of nenley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto; for widening same part of the high street and the market place, for lighting and watch

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

ing, for regulating the footways in, and for removing nuhaples, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town, V

Cap. 34. For further continuing and amending the several acts pa (fed for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and he several parishes of Saint Gilts in the Fields, and Saint alary le bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, hoi born, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 35. For building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near Old Shortbam, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 36. For amending, regulating, cleaning, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the ttreets, lanes, and patsages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of fviks; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstruction therein,

Cap. 37. To explain and amend an act made in the fotnv teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made nfe of hr the cotton, linen, woollen, andfilk manufactures 0) this kingdom.

Cap. 38. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York and the lievcral parishes of the same town.

Cap. 39. For further securing the property of the owners iin such ships or vessels as are liable to forfeiture for importing (pints or other goods, by the misconduct of the matters, mates, and seamen.

Cap. 40. For extending the provisions of three acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and iruh linens exported, to British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or ttained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and till lettings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts.

Cap. 41. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one,

Cap. 42. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 43. For continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of shrewsbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an ob made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament, " so far as the same relates to the removal of troops

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

during the elections of members to serve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. 44. For the more effectually securing to the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed shares of prij&e and bounty money as shall arise from or in respect of any prices to be condemned and sold in his majesty's* dominions beyond the Tea; and to compel the more speedy payment thereof.

Cap. 45. For continuing and amending an act, made in the last feffioft of parliament, intituled An act for appointing and enabling of to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of account ants, whith man be applied to the public service and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving, colusting, issuing, and accounting for public money 5 and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 46. To enable John Bowater, esquire, to grant leases, in: possession, or reversidn, of a dockyard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his settled estate)) theprio< chjfift officers and of of his majesty's navy, in behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Cap. 47. To amend and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the eleventh year o( his present Majesty's reign, for performing several works, and making improvements within the university and city of Oxford, and the suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining parish of Saint Clement.

Cap. 48. To direct the payment into the exchequer of the jtespective balances remaining in the hands of the several persons therein named, for the use and benefit of the public; and for indemnifying the said respective persons, and their representatives, in respect of such payments, and against all future claims elating thereto; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 49. For preventing certain abuse6 and profanations on the lord's Day, called Sunday.

Cap. 50. For further regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within several ports and places therein mentioned.

Cap. 51. To explain an act passed in the third year of George the First, intituled An act for explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to regijur their names and real estates, and for enlarging the time of such registering, and for securing purchases made by protestants."

Cap. 52. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons miking certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. 53. To render valid certain marriages, solemnised in certain churches and public chapels, in which banns had not ofaajjy been published before or at the time of parting an act

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

made in the twenty fifth year of King George the Second, intituled An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages.

Cap. 54. For the better regulating elections of citizens to serve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

Cap. 55. For repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commissioners of excise, apd for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mi flake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by th? stud aft.

Cap. 56. For granting to his majesty an additional duty upon almanacs printed of one side of any one sheet or piece of paper; and for allowing a certain annual sum out of the said duty to each of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the money heretofore paid to the said universities, by the Company of stationers of the city of London for the privilege of printing almanacs.

Cap. 57. For granting to his Majesty a certain fuip of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty opc; and for further appropriating, the fupi: plies granted in tbi$ session of parliament.

Cap. 58. For rendering more effectual so much of an act made in the tenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled An act for appropriating a fund established by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, u for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom \ and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and* dressing of hemp and flax" as relates to the distributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annun^ out of the said arrears and duties, to the purposes aforesaid, for a time limited.

Cap. 59. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and pqrposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For efiabliflmi* an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of two millions, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 61. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to vejl certain messuages, lands9tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and fleresy at Plymouth qnd Shcernefe, and for 'better fafending the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

passage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the security of his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend an all made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King fvifliam the Third, (entitled, An act for the leftening the duty upon tin and pewter export ed, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drugs)x so far as the same relates to the importation of drugs from the Russian dominions; and also an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further improvement of his Majestfs revenue of customs and for the encouragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions) \ to permit the importation of Orthillia weed, and Cobalt, during the present hostilities, from any place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or neutral ships; and to permit sugars, the growth of Demerary and Ejj'equiboy to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like restrihions, as sugars of that british islands in the West Indies

Cap. 63. For the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 64. To rectify a mistake in an all, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof 5 for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excist, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commissioners of'edtifer and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to breviers out of the additional duties impofei on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act.

Cap. 65. For establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for thd use of the public, in full discharge apd satisfahipn of alt claims and demands of the public from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respeh of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and kifo for securing to the public in respect thereof, for a term thefeirti mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further time, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as \n*europe9 and the recruiting the military forces of the said company.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an all, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, Repairing, or purchasing houses, dm other necessary buildings and tenements, for the' use of their benefices.

Cap. 67. To prevent the mischiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and ivefirmnfttr, and liberties thereof, and bills of mortality.

Cap. 68. To explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his kte majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual punishing Jlealers of lead and iron bars fixed to houses, or any fences belonging the reunto.

Cap. 69. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for more esse % udly discouraging and preventing the dealingr and the buying and receiving of fiolen lead, rrwr, topper, brass, bell metal, and solder \ and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice.

Cap. 70. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company as wtliin India as in Europe, as relates to the administraiion of justice in Bengal and for the relief of certain persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a judgement of the supreme court of judicature; and also for indemnifying the governor-general and council of Bengal, and all officers who have acted under their orders or authority, in the undue remittance made tq the prpeefs of the supreme epuft.

Cap. 71. For vetting the parish church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and feite thereof, and the churchyard thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever; and for uniting the said parish lo the parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said city.

Cap. 72. For the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parish of Stoke Damarell, in the county of Devon \ and for paving, cleansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and passages, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaises, and carts, and also chairmen, and porters, within the said town

Cap. 73. For diminishing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

Cap. 74. For erecting a new gaol, and for removing certain gateways, in the city of Gloucester; and for amending the several acts passed for the maintenance and support of the poor of he laid city and lighting, paving, and regulating, the streets there.

A table of the STATUTES.

Cap. 75. For appointing new of for continuing to carry into execution the trusts and powert of an act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for making the rivir fitower navigate, from the town ^maningtree, in the county of Essex, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk in the room and place of those named in the said act who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said act; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 76. For building a new church and redory house within the parish of Efcritk, in the county of York; and foe confirming an agreement with the rector of the said parish, for exchanging and exonerating from tithes certain lands and tenements in Efirkk aforesaid.

Cap. 77. For continuing the term, and altering and crdaig, ing the powers, of two acts of the ninth and twenty-eighth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair such part of the roads described in the fall mentioned act as leads from the end of Culbarn Bridge next to Culbarn, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Mmrferi Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks; and from The Moforh Stone at the end of Boar Strict, in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town of Fyfield, in the same county.

Cap. 78. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the item of Falmouth in tie county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helftooe, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the wejhuard of the said river and bridge.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowstowness by the west of the borough of Linlithgow, and by the towns of Torph 'uhen, Bathgate, and White burn, and from thence Tout h ward to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hotthiufeburn.

Cap. 80. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the town and port of Rutbland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an act, made in the thirty fiecond year of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said road.

Cap. 8r. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west end of the teetm of Chesterfield A? Matlock Bridge, and also the road leading mi ej the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the read leading out of the last mentioned road to the turnpike road near row efley Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 82 For repairing and widening the road from Wihnfm

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bridge in Wilmjhwythe county of Chejltr, through Nether Alderley and the town of conguton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Ldiotariy in the said county.

Cap. 83. For repairing widening, and altering the road from the present turnpike road upon Greenhill Moory near Norton, in the county of Dtrbys to Hatberjage, in the same county, through the several parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hatberjage, in the said county of Derby; and also the road from the road leading from Chesterfield to Hemstone L ane Heady near Stoney Middleton, to totiey9 through the several parishes of Bakewelly Hopey hath erfagty and Dronfeldy all in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 84. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repoiry severed roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the county of the city of Coventry.

Cap. 86 For continuing and amending an act, made in the thirty third year of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from a certain gate on the turnpike road, at or near the south end of the town of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road on Kidlington Green, in the said county.

Cap. 88. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcpfter, in the said tounty, and Feckenham, to a plate called Bradley Brook, in the mnty of Worcester; and from Alcester, through ureat Cough tonne and Crabs Cross, in the said county of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a common cdltd The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Broomfgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, parted in die thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the oeeond, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads from the borough of Tam worth to afhby deda zouch in the county of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said county to a turnpike gate at or near the end of swarcliff lant, leading toy and in the parish of ashby de la zouch aforesaid.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the nrft year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and widening the road leading from the eajiern end of the borough of Qrampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Auftell and Lost withiel, and from thence to the eafi end of the Western taphouse lane? the said county.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty^third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from deanburn bridge, through Greenlaw, and parr of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in repair the ro branching from part of the said roads, between Measham in the said county of Derby, and burton upon trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The bults Head auhouse % in uwyctoss, in the said county of Leicester.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the markefrbovfe in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from cou ly Gate to Halesowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the counties of wor eester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the road from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Garter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening toe highroad front Westwood Gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rulhden and Highatn Ferrers, and over Artleborough B idge, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagravo Lane, in the parish of Barton Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so mpeh of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign o his late majesty King George the Secondt for repairing and widening certain roads therein described, as relate to the roads from Otley to Skipton, in the county of York from Skipton to Colne, in the county of Lancaster J and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said county.

Cap. 96. For continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county ofiork, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the county of Lancaster $ from«Pku called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said cmtyaf York.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the term and powers of twvo a, paired in the ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening certain roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the road from Henley Bridge, in the county of Oxford to dor defer Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge and to a place called mile stone in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said county.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otley in, the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 99. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing widening and mendings the road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the west riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine Lancaster.

Cap. 100. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the stones end in Kent Street, in the parish of Saint George Southwark to Dartford and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Kent and Surrey 5 and for other purposes.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Bejfelfteigh* through Wantage to Hungerford, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of ivilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn* in the said county of Berks; and for amending the road through Pigeon Lane instead of the said road through Halfpenny Lane.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of (q much of an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burfcougk Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Giibum and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said county of Lancaster, as relates 10 the roads from Colne to Blackburn and firom Blackburn to Burscough Bridge.

Cap. 103. For enabling the trustees for executing two alls, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Kettering, in the county

Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, to take down the turnpike erected in Sherrington Field in the find county of Bucks and to remove the same to the north end tf Sherrington Bridge, in the said counry.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the call end of the town of Chard to the south end of West Afoor, and from the well end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through ilmijur to Kenny Gate, and from the west end of Peas Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Raine Hill to llmister, and from White Croft to chil lington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 105. For continuing the term of an a made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending and widening the roads leading from stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Inn in the parish of Winstantow in the county of Salop 3 and also the road from blue mantle Hall near mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the aid county of Hereford and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of its present Majesty, as relates to the road from mortimer's Croft to Aymllrey Bridge.

Cap. 106. For more effectually repairing the roatf from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchunh, to the town of hillmor tonne, in the county of Warwick and from thenoe to Saint James End, in the parish of Dufton, in the county of Northampton \ and for repealing the several laws now tn force relating to the said road.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalising Simeon Pope.

2. An act for naturalising John Frederick Kern, and Nathaniel Lewis Palejke.

3. An act for dividing and inebfing the commons and waste lands in the parishes of Shotesham Saint Mary, Shotesham Saint Botolph, Shotesham All Saints, and Shotesham Saint Martins, in the county of Norfolk.

4. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields commons, and waste lands, in the manors and parishes in high clore and Burghclere, in the county of Southampton.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and wall lands within the parish of Hingham, in the county of Norfolk.

6. An act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and enclosing,

the lands and grounds called Whole Year Lanas, Half Tear ln elosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons r zp&^wajies, in Great Ring ft cad, in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for enclosing and improving certain, lands and grounds within the township of West Halton* in the parish of Long Preston, in the west riding of the county of fork.

8. An act for naturalising d ime Charfotte Sophia Srffth, mile

of sir Robert Smyth baronet, and for qualifying ?hd enabling her to hold and enjoy a relit charge, ltmirnd tp heir ppon hr marriage! in the name of her jointure.

A TABLE of the STATUTE!

9. An act for naturalising John Herman Kattr.

10. An act for naturalising John Engelberts Ziegtnbetn and Charles Augujlas Piefcbell.

11. An act for naturalising George Lewis Kohn.

12. An act for naturalising Peter Chajfeaud.

13. An act for naturalising Jamfs Mary siorjet and John Lewis Hooffftetter.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common downs, wade lands, and commonable places, of and within the parish of Chicklade> in the county of Witts.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor and parish of Dillorn otherwise Dilberne.> in the county of Stafford.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons ami waste grounds within the manor of Stoney Middleton, in the county of Derby.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parish of liming at, in the county, of Warwick.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, as 'well within the parish and township of Pjtbley> as within the extra parochial liberty of Rsthbey Temple, in the county of Leicester.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Little Harrowden, in the county of Nmbampton

20. An act to enable John Tripe derk, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Swete.

21. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates in the county of Kent, devised by the will of sir Gregory Page baronet, deceased, in trustees, to sell the same, for discharging encumbrances; and for laying out the residue of the money arising by sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be ietded in lieu thereof, to the like uses; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors, com moos, or tracts of commonable land, called or known by the names of Tealbam Moory Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pie within the manor oxblackford, in the parish of Wed morcy in the county of Somerset.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the lammas meadows, hetths, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of spin farthing % in the county of Norfolk.

24. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, commonable grounds, and places, of and rwithin the manor, ford ship, and liberties of Mountforrelly in the county of 'Imaftor.

25. An act for nsthraltzing Dorothy Hannah Lwfa Harrht the wife of fyttiiam Htnlty, efiqaire.

26. An act for vesting fererai landsand hereditaaaents there.

'in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in mentioned, of which Jacob earl of Radnor is tenant for life, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the moneys to arise therefrom in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments* to be settled to the like uses, instead thereof.

27. An act for divesting the inheritance in see Ample of diverse manors, messuages, farms, redories, advowsons, lands, tenements, tithes, rents, and hereditaments, of the right honourable James earl of Salisbury, out of Charles Bank and his heirs, and for veiling the same in trustees, and their heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several uses, trails, powers, provisoes, ends, intents, and purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an indenture of release of the nineteenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking em.

28. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Edmund Mopes, esquire, in Homing, in the county of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Shapes, in see Ample; and for settling an estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rt alias Burrow and Repps, in the same county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

29. An act for vesting diverse messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Suffix and Kent, being part of the settled estates of John Radclisse, of Hitehin, in the county f Hertford, esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, situate and being in the counties Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu tfllreof, to the like uses.

30. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of John Baker, esquire, in Folkstone, in the county of in the said

John Bah r, in see Ample; and for settling another estate of the said John Baker, in the said county of Kent, of equal value, in lieu thereof.

31. An act to confirm and establish an agreement, for cancelling and making void a settlement of certain manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the north riding of the county of York, the estates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, spinster; and for making another settlement of the same manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to the uses mentioned in such agreement.

32. An act for effectuating the sale of a freehold estate of Ann Pinnoek, an infant, at New Wtndin the county of Berks, pursuant to an agreement with Thomas gentleman.

33. An act for effecting an exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, gentlemen, of their estates in the counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement, made between me devisee and heirs at law of Frederiik, lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the province of Maryland, in America, and for other the purposes therein mentioned and for the establishing and veiling the ftjd province in Henry Harford, esquire, and hit 'heirs, upon the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

several payments, terms, and conditions, and in manner, therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain moors, commons, and waste lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moot) Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the parish of Mari, in the county of Somerset.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the county of Derby.

37. An act for enclosing certain lands within the parish of enj/bam, in the county of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating part thereof, as a common pasture, and for extinguishing all right of common upon certain enclosed lands within the said parish.

38. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste lands in the townships of Grinjbill, Sanfaw, and Clive*in the parishes of Grinjbill and Saint Mary, in the county of Salop.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, and other uninclosed lands, meadows, and commonable places of, and belonging to, Cropston, in the parish of Thur tafon, and county of Leicester.

40. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste grounds within the parish of Hanbury, in the county of Worcester.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable land, within the manor and parish of Kington, in the county of Worcester.

42. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the manor and parish of Freston Bifsett, in the county of Bucks.

43.

The End of The TABLE.

THE

Statutes at Large, anno

regni GEORGII III. regismagna Britannia, Francice, &1,

vicesimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the thirty first day of October, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, C Being the firfj session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to extend the provisions contained in an act passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the said gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

[20 Geo. 3. c. 64, recited]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of the last parliament, (intituled An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), divers provisions were made for the purposes therein particularly mentioned end expressed, which were to be in force until the prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet Should be repaired and made fit for the reception of prisoners, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and the same Should be notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state: and whereas it has not yet been practicable to repair the said prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, so as to make the same fit for the reception of prisoners and no other prisons have been substituted in lieu thereof; and doubts have arisen whether persons who have been arrested and given bail since the destruction of the said prisons, or who may hereafter be arrested and give bail before the said prisons are repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof, are within the intent and meaning of the provisions of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

[Defendants in any actions, in London or Middlesex, since the destruction of the King's Bench and Fleet prisons, who have surrendered, or who, before the said prisons shall be repaired, shall surrender &c. shall be intitled to the same privileges as those arrested before the late riots.]

in this in Present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any defendant in any action or information in London or Middlesex, hath, since the destruction of the said prisons, surrendered, or been surrendered; or before the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired, or other prison or prisons be substituted in lieu thereof respectively, and notice thereof given in the London Gazette, as in the said act is mentioned, shall tender to surrender, or hath been, or shall be tendered to be surrendered in discharge of bail, or shall be taken in execution by virtue of any process issuing out of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, such defendant shall be entitled to the same privileges, benefits, and advantages, and subject to the same penalties and disabilities, and with the same indemnity for the marshal of the King's Bench, or warden of the Fleet respectively, as any defendant who was arrested before the destruction of the said prisons, and who has surrendered, or has been surrendered, in discharge of bail, would be by virtue of the said act.

[No debtor to be removed by habeas corpus into the King's Bench or Fleet prisons, before they are repaired, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively, shall be repaired and made fit for the reception of prisoners, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and the same notified in the London Gazette by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, no debtor shall be removed or turned over, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus, from any gaol whatsoever to the custody of the marshal of the King's Bench or warden of the Fleet; and the said marshal and warden respectively shall be indemnified with respect to all defendants removed or turned over, and such defendants shall be subject to all the regulations and provisions concerning defendants before expressed and contained, or referred unto, in and by this present act.

[Directions relative to persons, out of London and Middlesex, who have been or shall be arrested during the time aforesaid, and who shall be surrendered, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, who, since the destruction of the said prisons, hath been arrested, or who, before the reparation thereof respectively, or substitution of some other prison or prisons in lieu thereof respectively, and notification of such repair or substitution in the London Gazette as aforesaid, shall be arrested in any county in this kingdom, except London and Middlesex, by virtue of any writ or process issuing out of any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, shall surrender or be surrendered, in discharge of bail, before the said prisons respectively shall be repaired, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and such notification given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, every such person shall surrender him or herself, or be surrendered into the custody of the sheriff of the county in which such person was arrested, in the gaol or prison of such county, who shall thereupon confine such defendant or defendants, subject to all such regulations and provisions as county gaols are by law subject to; which surrender shall, to all intents and purposes, be as effectual and available in the law as a surrender and commitment to the marshal or warden of the Fleet would have been before the destruction of the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet; and every such prisoner, so surrendering or surrendered as aforesaid, shall be, and shall be deemed to be ipso facto on such surrender, without any commitment by any judge, a prisoner in the custody of such sheriff, in like manner, and to every intent and purpose, as if such prisoner never had been bailed.

[Under sheriffs and gaolers to make entries of all surrenders, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the under sheriff, and also the gaoler of every prison, into whose custody such debtors shall surrender, or be surrendered, as aforesaid, shall make entries of all such surrenders in a book to be kept by them respectively for that purpose; which book shall be open to the inspection of all persons requiring to examine the same; and if any under sheriff or gaoler shall make default therein, he shall be adjudged guilty of a contempt of the court out of which the process issued upon which such debtor or debtors was or were arrested; and shall and may be punished as in other cases of contempts of court.

[Under sheriffs to certify true copies of such surrenders to the court of King's Bench, &c.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the under sheriff of every county for the time being, from time to time, shall certify unto the master of the court of king's bench, and unto the prothonotaries of the court of common pleas, and unto the remembrancer of the court of exchequer, on the last day of every term, true copies of all such surrenders which shall have been made in the county for which he shall be under sheriff; which respective officers shall file the same of record in the said courts respectively.

CAP. II.

An act for further continuing an act made in the fervent eer.tb year of the reign of his present Mojefy, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime, of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations m America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy.

[Continued till the ftfi ef January, 1781.]

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be reaped in Great Britain, for the service of the year one tkoufandfi ven hundred and eighty one. — At four billings in the pound.

Commission VI AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ergot the land That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and

vcarii77t collecting, of the several sums of money so as aforesaid limited 1776, and and appointed to be raised and paid, in the aforesaid part of Great

177s, are to Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for put this act the more effectua) putting of this act in execution m reference in execution tq the same ass arkj every the person and persons who in and by an act of parliament, made and passed in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five); and by one other act of parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the' of appointed by an act, made in the lap Jeffton of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same fef jton, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, ^/* the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix); and by one other act of parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fen vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, together with those named in two former acts for appointing commissioners of the land tax); or by any or either of those acts* were named and appointed of for putting in execution the same acts within the several counties cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to this act in that behalf, shall be of for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places re

unless new spectively; unless before the day herein after appointed for the of first meeting of the commissioners for putting this act in exe ted cution, some act or acts of parliament rtiall be made and passed Jbrcthe first fr naming and appointing special of for putting in meeting. execution this present act i in which case no person or persons shall be empowered, by virtue of any nomination or appoint'by any former a, or by this act of parliament, to act as a commwfioner for putting this present act in execution;

XV. And whereat many difficulties and inconveniences have arifeti, and jliu frequently happen to the of of the land tax for the time beings upon the death or removal of their respective clerks, into whofi custody the duplicates of the several books of assessments, minute jocksy and other books and papers relating to the business of the land tax in their respective divssions, have been delivered, such clerks fa removed or the executors and administrators, or other legal representatives, of such clerk so dying, frequently refusing to deliver over such duplicates, books, and papers, to the said of for the time being, or to their order or appointment, under a pretence that the said of have no property in the same, and are without remedy for the recovery thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the duplicates of the fe Property of veral books of assessments, which have been or shall be made publick books and delivered, by the respective assessors of the land tax, to the of of the land tax, in any division or place, or to their respective clerks for the time being, and which arc or shall be in the custody, keeping, or possession of such of nr clerks respectively, and all minute books, and other public books and papers relating to the land tax, in the custody, keeping, or possession of any such clerk or clerks, who hath or have been, or shall be removed from such office or offices, or in the custody, keeping, or possession of the executors, administrators, or other legal representatives, of any person or persons who hath or have djed or shall die during his or their holding such office or offices, or after his or their removal from the same, or in the custody, keeping, or possession of his or their respective agent or attorney? or of any other person or persons whom vefodin com soever, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be the missionersj property of the commissioners of the land tax ailing in such respective division or place, for the time being, and in iuccesoon, as records of and belonging to them the said of, for and the said their use and inspection; and shall be placed and deposited with, books, C to and remain in the custody, keeping, and possession of them the said of, or their respective clerks for the time be their custody. ing, or of such other personas the said of, or any three or more of them, for the time being, shall, from time to time, at their meetings, order, direct, or appoint.

XXI. And whereas the inhabitants of many parishes or places have frequently suffered by the frauds and insolvency of their collectors, by being subjefled to re^assessments for moneys embezzled by them; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That collectors to such persons as shall be nominated as before directed to be security collectors, shall, if required so to do, give good and sufficient ovthe^eto security to any three or more of the of appointed be collected for carrying this all into execution, equal to the amount of the by them, whole rate to be collected in each distrill, for their duly paying to the receiver-general such moneys, assessed as aforesaid, as

41

4i8$

Hospital at East stone house to be assessed also within the town of Plymouth.

sol to be paid out of the sum assessed on the said officers, in aid of the mfiefiinent on'East stone house

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 4. [1781.

shall come to their hands; which security the said commiflxon ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to take; andon failure of the persons so named to be collectors, as before directed, giving such security, if required, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall be at liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient persons, who can give such security as aforesaid, redding within the limits and bounds of the parishes, rownships, constablewicks, and places, where they shall be chargeable, to be collectors of the moneys to be raised by this act Provided always, That if no persons can be found within the several parishes, townships, constablewicks, or places respectively, who are willing or able to give such security, then, and in such case, the persons who were first named by the of as before directed, shall be collectors of the moneys assessed and charged under this act.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rthe officers of his majesty's hospital for lick and hurt seamen in the parish of East Stonehouse, near Plymouth, shall be assessed upon this act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, within the town and borough of Plymouth, where the salaries of the said officers, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, were assessed, and not elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was assessed upon the said town and borough of Plymouth, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this ast; and b as the said parish of East Stonehouse be not charged with a greater proportion in respect of the said salaries and profits than they were in the said year; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXI. Provided always, That out of the sum to be assessed on the officers of the said hospital for sick and hurt seamen, there shall be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the parish of East Stonehouse, the sum of twenty pounds; to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said parish by virtue of this act

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, Cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thounnd seven hundred and eighty.one.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. 187

CAP. V

An act for extending the pravifiom of three acts, made in the eighteenth^nineteenth, and twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken pom the fates general of the United Provinces for declaring what goods shall be deemed military or ship (lores; for regulating the sale of and after taining the duties upon east-india goods condemned as prize in the port of London \ for per mi ting the purchasers of prize goods condemned abroad to import such goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors themselves; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and Recital of hi eighty, was pleased to order, that general reprifafs be granted against Majesty's or the ships, goods, and subjects, of thefates general of the United Pro der jfreoun vinces; Jo that as well as his Majests fleet and ships, and also all C ec, 0# aether ships and vessels that shall be commissionated by Utters of mark 17 or general reprisals, or other wise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, and may lawfully seize all Jlips, vessels, and goods, belonging to the fates general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the aforesaid fates general, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of Admiralty within his Majesty's dominions: and whereas it is expedient that such of the several provisions of three acts of parliament, which are now in force; the one made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes. Act 18 Geo. with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in C 15. this kingdom 5 one other act, made in the nineteenth year of his ma jeflfs reign, intituled An act for granting relief to the captor? 19geo.3 c. 51 of prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom 5 and the other made in the laf session of parliament, intituled An act for extending the provisions of two and*0 Geo.t acts, made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, recited, C 9.*and in the last session of parliament, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned act as relates to the certificates for prize tea and east-india goods exported from this kingdom to Ireland j for removal of East India goods, condemned as prize at any out port, to London for sale, and of prize goods for exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco \ Should be extended in like manner to all prize goods which have been or may be taken from the fates general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the said fates general, in pursuance of his ma jeftfs said order in council, subject nevertheless to such alterations and regulations as herein after prescribed; may it therefore please your

o Majesty is

Such parts of the recited acts as are now in force extended to Dutch prizes taken (ince Dec. io 1780.

What articles shall be deemed military and ship stores.

Regulations relative to the sale of, and payment of the duties on east-india goods condemned as prize in the port of London.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. [1781.

Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited acts, made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of his majesty's reign, and in the last session of parliament, and all the articles, clauses, and provisions therein which are now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all prize goods and ships or vessels which have been taken from the states general of the Unittd Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the said states genera], (ince the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or which hereafter may be taken during the continuance of the present hostilities with the said states general, by any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or other ship or vessel having commission or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, for that purpgfe.

II. And whereas, by the herein before recited off, made in the eighteenth year of his majeslfs reign, it is, amongst other things, provided, That no duties or eujlms whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods eonftfling of any military or slip flares: and whereas doubts have arisen what articles are and ought to be deemed military and slip (lores; for remedy whereof it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several articles herein after enumerated, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be military ami ship stores within the intent and meaning of the said recited act; (that is to say), fails, cordage, anchors and cables, marts, yards, bowfprks, blocks, guns, gunpowder, (hot, match, gun carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging; and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for hip building, or for any of the uses and purposes aforesaid; beef, pork, and butter, felted, biscuit, (mail beer, peas, and oatmeal, Tailors clothes, hammocks, bedding, m.d. other apparatus and instruments of the surgeons $ custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods, of the growth, product, cr manufacture of the East Indies, which have been taken as prize during the present hostilities, and brought by the captors into the port of London, and which now remain there unfold, and all such East India goods as shall be brought into, and condemned as prize in the port of London, after the passing of this act, shall be publicly exposed to falc in the city of London, by the captors or their agents; and the duties due and payable thereon shall be computed and paid by the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, in all respects, as are prescribed by the before recited adtvof the list ftflson of parliament for the like goods carried into any outport

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. 189

port in this kingdom and there condemned, and afterwards brought to the port of London for fate j any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens that prizes are taken and tarried into ports in foreign parts, and condemned in some court of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions out of this kingdom, and the captors may be under nccejftty of disposing of the same there; now to encourage the bringing such prizes into this kingdom after condemnation

and fak9 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Purchasers of That the purchasers of such prizes of the captors shall, upon prize goods importation thereof into this kingdom, have and be entitled to the same liberty of warehousing such goods, and such goods import them shall in all other respects be subject and liable to the same du into this king ties, regulations, and restrictions, as they would be subject and dom in the liable to by law if the same had been imported by the captors, without being sold abroad, subject nevertheless to the proviso themfches* herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Provided the the authority aforesaid, That no prize goods so imported matter deliver into this kingdom, after having been sold abroad as aforesaid,

shall be entitled to any of the benefits or advantages intended J, fficer at by this act, unless the mafier, or person having the charge or port of ira command of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall, at portation, q. the time he makes his report at the customhouse, deliver to the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand and seal of the collator and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port or place where such goods shall be laden on board his vessel; or under the hand and seal of the governor or lieutenant governor, if there shall not be any such officer of the customs there; or under the hand and seal of the British consul, in case there shall not be any governor or lieutenant governor at such port or place, certifying that such goods have been bona fie taken and condemned as prize in one of his majesty's courts of admiralty, or vice admiralty, naming the place where, and the time when, such goods were so condemned, and the name of the ship or vessel or ships or vessels by which they were captured; which certificate shall also describe the species of such goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages containing the same; and the master, or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall also at the same time make oath, before such collector or other proper officer of the customs at the port of importation, (which oath such collector and other proper officer is and are hereby respectively authorised andim powered to administer)) the goods so imported in fudi ship or vessel are the same goods which are mentioned in such certificate, and no other; and on failure of any of the particulars herein required, such goods shall be subject and liable to the mc duties, restrictions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

as

igo

Foreign prize tobacco exported before the passing of the recited act t>f last session, may be re imported on payment of the same duties, cas tobacco taken since the passing of that act

provided the importer prove the identity thereof.

[Preamble.]

Jtecitalof 19 Geo. 3. c. 76.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6, 7. [ijsii

as they would be subject and liable to, if this act had riot been made.

VI. And whereas several parcels of tobacco of the growth or product of foreign plantations in America, which have been taken and condemned as prize in this kingdom fence the present hostilities with France and Spain, were exported into foreign parts before that pajfeng of the herein before recited act of the last feffeon of parliament, part of which tobacco has been returned for want of a market abroad, and is now remaining on board Ships in this kingdom, and other port isjlill remaining abroad in foreign parts, and cannot be sold there: and whereas it is reasonable, for the encouragement of the captors, to permit fetch tobacco to be re imported into this kingdom, and admitted to an entry here, upon payment of the same duties as tobacco of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, such tobacco which has been, or may be re imported into this kingdom, shall be liable to pay the same duties, and shall be subject, in all other respects, to the same securities, rules, regulations, and restrictions, as such tobacco is and would have been liable to by the before recited act made in the last session of parliament, in case the same had been taken and condemned since the passing of that act.

VII. Provided always, That the person importing or returning such tobacco into this kingdom, shall, at the time of entering such tobacco, prove, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that such tobacco so returned is the identical tobacco that was condemned in this kingdom and exported from hence; referring to the time of such condemnation, and the time of exportation, with the name of the ship and master in Which it was so exported.

CAP. VI.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels, for a limited time. Continued till the twenty-fifth of Match, 178s. f

CAP. VII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for augmenting the militia.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for augmenting the militia, it is enacted, that volunteer companies may be raised and added to any regiment or battalion of militia, in the manner therein directed; and many such companies have already been raised and added, in pursuance of the said act; but it is not expedient that any more such companies Should be raised at present; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 8 — 10 X

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no more such volunteer companies shall No more vo be raised or added to any regiment or battalion of militia for lunteercom any county or riding, under and by virtue of the said act, until° his Majesty shall be pleased to authorise the same by proclamati^of the Sid on or order in council; and that from and after the issuing of aft, until aq such proclamation, the said recited act shall be in full force and thorised by effect during the present hostilities; anything herein contained reclamation, to the contrary notwithstanding

II. Provided, That nothing, herein contained shall extend. Not to aflfeft or be construed to extend, to affect any such volunteer coppa companies al nies as have been already raised and added to any regiment or rcacjy raised." battalion of militia by virtue of the said act; but that, with re fipeft to such last mentioned volunteer companies, the said act (pall remain in full force and effect.

CAP. VIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IX.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. X

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of two several acts of parliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Sheerness and Chatham j and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Grave send and Tilbury Fort.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to vest cer* Recital of 10 tain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, Gco* for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth and Sbcerness; and for better defending the pallage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vejled in the right honourable sir Fletcher Norton knight, and other perfims therein mentioned, and their heirs \ in trufi nevertheless for such person and persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making the said act, were the feve'ral and respective owners and proprietors thereof, according to their several estates and interefis therein at the same time, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, until such estates and interests Should be respectively adjudged and determined, or possession thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance, or engineers Or other officers acting under their authority? (which they were thereby intf>o\vered to do whenever it Should be found necessary for his Ma' sservice), and the several sum or (urns of money, and interejft for

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1781.

the same after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the gross sum that Should be assessei for the true and real value there of in manner and form tperein mentioned, Should be paid: and it was by the said act also enabled, Thaty immediately after payment Should be made, of the sum and sums of money to be ascertainei, in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the rights and mterefts of alt persons possessed of or interested in, fuel messuages, lands, tent ments, or hereditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof rt fteftively, the said trusteti Should be deemed and adjudged to fiani seized of the premises so paid for, to and for the use of his Majesty, and his heirs and successors, for ever, freed and dise barged.of and from all right, title, claim, and demand whatsoever, that could or might be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate. His Majesty, ecclesiastical or civil: and whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the aid by virtue of act of parliament, issued his commission, by letters patent, under the the said act, great sea of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster, the tsuperson*twin day of August now last pa ft, authorising and impow

commission ering certain persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to ers; do, perform, and execute, all powers, directions, authorities, matters

and things, in the said act contained, which by the said act such commissioners are authorised and required io do, perform, and execute: and whereas, by virtue of.tfoe said commission, and in pursuance of the said act of parliament, five or more of the of in the said commission named, on the thirteenth day of November last, did meet, mho on Nov. Pursuant to notice thereof in writing duly given and fixed up, and 13. met in the Qjj° publishei in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before townhall of such meeting, in such mauntr as in and by the said act of parliament Rochester. was directed, at the townhall in the city of Rochester; and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now last; on which day, and ajterwards from day today, until the eighth day of Their pro Me said month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the inspec ccedings there, lion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and other w\ft, to inquire and ascertain who were the owners and proprietors of the meffaages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the said act, and situate at Sheerness and Gravesend aforesaid, and the par titular estate and intereji of each of such persons therein; and such commisfmers at the same time proceeded, by and upm the inquest of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the said county of Kent, impannelled, funearned, and returned, by Robert Burrow esquire, sheriff of the feud county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnesses ivert examined), to inquire and ascertain the true and real value of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate at Sheerness and at Gravesend, and of rvery pari and parcel thereof, and the true and real value of the particular aflalt and interest of each person inti tied unto or interested in the same respectively5 and five or more of the said of did afterwards meet pitrfuani io adjournment, and did make their determination and decree ypurfuent to the said recited act, with regard to the said mef fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate at Sheerness and Gravefeftl \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true

end

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. a io93

Mi rw/ value of the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, at Sheernefe and Gravesend, including same fmdtt sums for the value of forrii feed own, and fomt gardening flock growing oh fenh fitiau parts of such lands at Gravesend, ts thirteen thousand four hundred and fifty-two pounds, and seventeen shillinp: and commifkon wbtrtas jive or more of the of, named in the faiacommif ers*on

fa ih* of sat* \ roixd*

seventh day of the said month of November last, meet at the White Hart inn in the town of Romford, in the county of Essex, turfuant to notice thereof in writing given and fixed up, and also published in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before such meeting, in such manner as directed by the said recited act of parliament; and such com Their pro. missioners did then and there, in suchlike manner as aforesaid, enauire woe were the owners and proprietors of the lands, tenements, and here filaments, mentioned in the said act, situate near Tilbury Fort, in the feui county, and the particular efidte and interest of each of such persons tier tin; and such of at the same time proceeded, by and upon the inqtuft of twelve or more good and lawful mtn9 qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the county of Essex, impannelled, summon td, and returned, by Henry Hinde Felly esquire, sheriff of the said county, to take the inquest, and before which jury witnesses were ex mined, to inquire and ascertain the true and real value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, and the true and real value of the particular estate and interest of each person entitled unto or inter efted in the same respectively 5 and it thereupon appearings that two persons, as tenants of other lands adjoiningr would fufiain damage by the taking of the lands, mentioned in the said reetted act of parliament to he situate near tilburyfdrt, for the purposes of the said act of parliament, the said of then and inert also proceeded, by the inquest of tie said jurors, on examination bf witnesses before them, to inquire and ascertain what damage such tenants of adjoining lands would fief tain thereby; and five or more of the said of did afterwards meet, pursuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decrees pursuant to the said recited act, with regard to the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate near Tilbury Fort; and thy thereby determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the feud act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, including the value or amount of the damage sustained by two tenants of adjoining lands as aforesaid, is one hundred and forty-eight pounds, and eighteen ]billings and thy thereby certified, that such lands and tenements were first made use of for the purposes in the said act mentioned at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight: and whereas, by another act ef par ament, also passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and liertchtamems, ih trustees, for the better securing his majesty's dock, ships, and (lores, at Chatham; certain other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vested in the findfir Fletcher Norton, tindseveral other persons therein mention ii and tbiir heirs upon the file trufis as are heriin before mention

194

Other of appointed on Aug. »6$

who met in the town ball of Roche f tcr.

Their proceedings there.

The /cveral sums decreed by the commissioners to be paid a mount to 34>*7*b7S.6d. belidcs inte reit.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1781.

id: and whereas one other commxffion, under the great seal of Great Britain, was, in pursuance of such last recited at of parliament, if sued, bearing date the aforesaid twentysixth day of August la ft, authoring and impowering certain persons therein named, or any jive or more of them, to put the said left mentioned act in execution, and giving to them, 'or any five or more of them, power to do, perform, and execute, all powers, directions, authorities, matters, and things, iff the said last recited act contained, which by the said act such of were authorised and required to do, perform, and execute: and whereas, by virtue of the said lafi mentioned commission, and in pursuance of the said hft mentioned act of parliament, five or more of the of named in such lafi mentioned commission did, on toe aforesaid thirteenth day of November, meet at the townhall of the city of Rochester, pursuant to notice thereof in writing, duly given and fixed up, and also published in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before such meeting, in such manner as was in and by the said lafi recited act of parliament dire stead, and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now lafi pafi 5 on which day, and afterwards from day today, until the eighth day of the said month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the inspection and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and otherwise, to inquire and ascertain who were the owners and proprietors of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the said act, and situate in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, in the said county of Kent, and the particular estate and interefi of each of such persons therein respectively; and such commijfmers at the same time Proceeded, by and upon the inquefi of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the assizes for the county of; Kent, impanneued, summoned, and returned, by the aforesaid sheriff of that county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnesses were examined), to inquire into and ascertain the true and real value of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned, and of every part thereof; and the true and real value of the particular estate and interefi of each person entitled unto or interested in the same respectively: and whereas five or more of the said lafi mentioned of did afterwords meet pursuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decree pursuant to tie said lafi recited act \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the said messuages, jands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the fold parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, including the value of some seeds sown, and gardening flock on some particulars of such lands, is twenty thousand six hundred and seventy one pounds, twelve Billings, and sixpence: and whereas att the sums so offcjfed and adjudged and decreed by the said of to be paid as aforesaid, amount together to the sum of thirty-four thousand two hundred and seventy three pounds, seven Billings, and sixpence, exclusive of the interest by each of the said recited acts of parliament directed to be paid, but no provision hath yet been made for payment of the said money, or any part thereof: now, for malting compensation to the several owners and proprietors of such feyefal messuages^ lands, tenementj* and hereditaments, other than those in the

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c.iou 19

counties of Devon and Cornwall, and to the persons who have or will sustain damage, as mentioned in the aid determinations or decrees; and for the more effectual carrying the said several recited acts of parliament into execution with respeti to all the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned other than and except those situate in the said counties of Cornwall and Devon, near Plymouth 5 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of all or any the The said sum aids or supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty for the to e 0111 service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, piies^ranted there shall and may be issued and applied the aforesaid sum of for ifgi. thirty-four thousand two hundred and seventy three pounds, seven Shillings, and sixpence, with interest as herein after is mentioned, for the purpose of making reasonable and just compensation and satisfaction to all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, ecclesiastical and civil, who, at the time of making the said respective determinations or decrees, were the several and respective owners and proprietors of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said several recited acts mentioned, and not situate in the said counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to their several and respective estates and interests therein, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, as ascertained as aforesaid; to the persons who have sustained or will sustain damage by taking such lands for the purposes of such respective acts, as mentioned in the said several and respective determinations or decrees.

II. And to the intent that all and Angular the proprietors a sarveyor ge. foresaid may be paid for such their respective estates and inter neral of the efts, and that the persons so sustaining damage may be paid for ordnance to such damage all and every such sum and sums of money as they behave

been adjudged and determined, by the said of, [vc persons*be respectively intirled unto, together with interest for the for the sums same, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from adjudged to the respective times following; that is to say, with respect to the said lands in the county of Essex, from midsummer iay, in the {h/feme. year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, (when the same appear, by the judgement and decree of the said of, to have been first made use of for the purposes in the said a A mentioned); and with respect to the other messuages and lands, from such time as possession thereof shall be taken by the principal officers of his majesty's ordnance, or the engineers by their direction, to such time as herein after mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor general of the'ordnance for the time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow one or more bill or bills, to the respective persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, for such sum and sums of money 1 at is or are to them respectively adjudged by the said several and expressed in the said bills.

by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid by the treasurer.

196 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. io [1781.

Particulars) respective determinations or decrees of the said of,

j together with interest for the same, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from such respective times as aforesaid, to the sixteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; which bill or bills so made shall express the respetft* ive lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other interest or damage for which such bill or bills shall be made out, together with the name of the person or persons, body politic on corporate, ecclesiastical or civil; and the respective sum and sums of money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and thereupon Debentures to one or more debenture or debentures shall be prepared, for such be prepared several and respective sums as aforesaid, by the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, and signed by three or more of the principal officers of the ordnance for the time being; which debenture or debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being, who shall take acquittances from the parties endorsed thereon: and, in order to obviate any doubt as to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, who shall be entitled unto or interested in any such money, having notice that such money shall be ready to be paid, the principal officers of his majesty's ordnance shall cause notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sums which shall, in and by such debentures, be pay

fng*to the de able to persons to whom it is, by the said recited decrees of the crees of the of, determined or decreed that the money thereby determined to belong to them (hold be absolutely paid to them, shall be paid to such persons accordingly.

IV. And whereas, by the said decree or determination of the commissioners, with regard to the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the pariftjes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, it was and is decreed, That certain sums of money Should be paid to the three following corporations; (that is to say), the mayor and citizens

fhcy au' f tie city of Rochester, the dean and chapter of the cathedral cfcive the same. c^urc^ f Christ and Blessed Virgin Mary of Rochester, and the

brethren of Saint bartholomew's Hospital, in or near the said city of Rochester, as a compensation for their respective estates and interejis in such particulars of the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the Jaidparishes of Saint Margaret and

Chatham, as are for such purpose mentioned in such decree 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sums which shall, by the debentures to be made out as aforesaid, be payable to the said several corporations respectively, shall be paid to such person or persons as shall be, by such several and respective corporations, by writing under their common seals, authorised or empowered to receive the same, whose receipt shall be a fuf

direction* for ficient discharge for the same: and that it shall and may be law tic laidcorpo fuj to an(j for each of the said three several corporations, as Toon dto ofal of the 38 convenient, y may be after they shall have respectively receiv mcney d such respective sums of money, to lay out such parts thereof cieedto thenu as

The several sums to be paid accord

commissioners.

The sums decreed to certain corporations shall be paid to such persons as

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 197

as shall be paid for principal money, or any part of such principal money, either together or in pareels, in the purchase of mef iiiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee fim plf, to be conveyed to, or to and for the use of, the said respective corporations and their respective successors, for such estate and estates, and to and for, and upon and subject to such uses, trusts, limitations, and purposes, as the lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such money shall be paid as aforesaid, were veiled in such respective corporations immediately before the passing of the said last recited at of parliament; and to accept conveyances of the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, and from time to time to hold and enjoy the same according to such conveyances, without any licence or authority other than and besides this present act; any Statute of mortmain, or other law to the contrary notwithstanding: and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, to lay out such principal money at intered in some of the government securities; the interest arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits or such messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same wfere purchased and settled as aforesaid.

V. And whereas it was and is, in and by the said several de Allmoney decrees of the of, determined and decreed, that several sums of money therein for such purpose mentioned, as being the ft ftai7be the value of several particulars therein mentioned of the said paid to the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, or of the deputy king's estates and interests of particular persons therein, (hold, on reraernbran account of the particular estates dr interests of such persons of exin such messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, chequer § be paid to some proper person or persons, on certain trusts, and for certain purposes therein mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money to be, by such debentures as aforesaid, made payable for or in respect of all and every the sum and sums of money which are by the said decrees, or either of them, decreed or determined to be paid to any trustee or trustees, shall be paid, by the treasurer of the'ordnance for the time being, into the hands of the deputy king's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at ivejimin flar for the time being, for the uses, intents, and purposes here in after mentioned \ and such deputy remembrancer is hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to receive the same, and to give a sufficientand effectual discharge for the same; and the who said deputy remembrancer shall, upon the receipt of each of the tole barons several sums so to be paid in for the use and benefit of each of Of^cxche the said owners and proprietors respectively, signa certificate to quer acknovr the barons of the said court of exchequer, under his hand, pur Edging the porting and signifying that every such sum was received by and t lcrc" paid to him, in pursuance of this at, for the use and benefit of such owner or proprietor respectively, and who in such certificate

Deputy remembrancer to pay such

IV Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1781.

shall be named and described; and which certificate shall be filed in the said court of exchequer, and a true copy thereof, signed by the said deputy of the king's remembrancer, shall and may be read and allowed as evidence for the purposes herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said deputy remembrancer for the time be money receiving, upon receipt of any such sum or sums of money hereby di

uutlreeled and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay to the bank. r. rr, C nr;r J

the same into the bank of England.

exchequer Vo6

VII. And be it further enacted, That the barons of his make such majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster of the degree of the orders as they coif for the time being, or any two or more of them, shall be, shall think ancj are herefc>y authorised and impowered, in a summary way, paymentc&cf upon motion or by petition, for and on the behalf of any per of the money son or persons inierested in, or entitled to, the benefit of the so received by money so to be paid to, and received by, the said deputy re the deputy remembrancer, or the interest or produce thereof; and upon read membrancer. ing the certificate directed to be signed by the said deputy remembrancer concerning the same, as aforesaid, and receiving such further satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such orders and directions as they shall think just and reasonable, for paying the said money, and every or any part or parts thereof; or for placing out such part thereof as shall be principal in the public funds, or upon government or tfeal securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out, the same again, in or upon such new or other funds or securities as aforesaid, and for payment of the dividends, interest, or produce thereof, to the several and respective persons entitled to receive the same; or for laying out the said principal sums, or any part thereof, in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for, nd upon the same uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, as the former estates were settled at the time of making the said respective decrees, or as near as the same can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said money, for the benefit of the person and persons entitled to, or interested in, the same respectively, by virtue of and according to the tenor and purport of the said recited acts, and this present act; and for appointing a proper person or persons to be trustee or trustees for all or any of such purposes; and that such money shall be from time to time paid, by the said deputy remembrancer, according to the orders to be The rest or of rom t*me to time mae i an rector of the pariftt of Mil milton, and tonne next Gravesend, and the vicar of the parish of Saint marga the vicar of ret next Chatham, and the perpetual curate of the parish of Saint Marga Chatham, and their successors for the time being, and the objecte have the year 0^ or managers for the charitable institution, in one of the ly income of said decrees or determinations described by the name of Chatham the money de Chejl> for the time being, shall from time to time, for ever, have, creed to them receive, and be entitled to, the yearly income of the money in respectively.*ini

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10.

*99

and by the said decrees or determinations respectively decreed or determined to be the value of the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, belonging to them respectively, and the yearly income of the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased with such money respectively, in like manner as they could or might have received or be enintitled unto the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, in satisfaction for which such respective sums of money are decreed or determined to be paid, without any licence or authority other than and besides this present a; any Statute of mortmain, or other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the said of, in and by their afore Preamble, re said decree with respect to the said messuages, lands, tenements, and commissionert hereditaments, fetuate at or near gravefer.d, certified, that it appear were doubtful ed to be doubtful to them, on the construction of an indenture dated the whether a cer twenty sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five,

therein mentioned and Jet forth, whether Elizabeth Gordon, there jon edtoeu! in named, was entitled unto the piece of land and wharf and bridge, zabethgor thertin for that purpose mentioned, for her life, unaffefled by such don during indenture; or whether William Offley, Thomas Pattinson, her life.

Thomas Lloyd, therein named, are not entitled thereto during her life, on the trusts declared by such indenture; and therefore the said of decreed, that the sum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, six Billings, and eight pence, determined by them to be the value of the said Elizabeth gordon's estate for life in such particulars, Should be in some manner preserved and taken care of, until it Should, in some proper manner, be determined whether the same ought to be paid unto the said Elizabeth Gordon, for her own use, or vfbe- there the same ought to be paid unto the said William Offley, Thomas Pattinson, and Thomas Lloyd, on the trusts declared by the said indenture, dated the twenty sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and that the same ought on such determination to be paid agreeable thereto: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such sum of two hundred and for The sum of ty three pounds, six Shillings, and eight pence, and the interest4*1.6s. pd. thereof, if any shall be payable thereon, shall and may be also being the va paid, by the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being, into Eitzabcth the hands of the said deputy remembrancer of the court of ex Gordon e who shall accordingly receive the same, and whose relate for life ceipt shall be a sufficient and effectual discharge for the same, as in f; and the said deputy remembrancer shall certify his {^p^to the receipt of such money in manner aforesaid, and such his certifi deputy re cate shall be read as evidence as aforesaid; and the said deputy membraneer, remembrancer shall pay the same into the bank of England, in belike manner as aforesaid.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained The interefu

shall affect the interest either of the said Elizabeth Gordon, or of of the said the said William'offley, Thomas Pattinson, and Thomas Lloyd, to Elizabeth the said sum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, six shilling?, an

and eight pence, in the said decree mentioned, or the interest, c^imant#

if any, which shall be due in respect thereof; but that the same preserved

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1781.

shall, when paid to the said deputy remembrancer as aforesaid, be laid out by him, by the directions of the barons of the exchequer, or any two of them, in like manner as the moneys herein before mentioned are directed to be laid out, until the right of the parties thereto shall be determined; and upon such determination the said deputy remembrancer shall, and he is hereby required 10 transfer, assign, and pay such moneys according to such determination.

Upon the X And be it further enacted and declared, That, upon the

death or re death or removal of the present or any future deputy of the king's oval of the remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, all mortgages, brancyr?^" docks, and securities, verted in him by virtue of this act, shall mortgage, vert in the succeeding deputy of the king's remembrancer for the C verted in time being subject to the trusts and for the purposes herein be*"{" uthl ft orc menl*once*> without any assignment or transfer; and all fn hi*afucccf mon'es pad nt the larkin pursuance of this act, or remain for, C ing in the hands of the present or any future deputy of the king's remembrancer at the time of his death or removal, and not vetted in the funds, or placed out on securities, as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

remcmbrwi8 And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if,

c(hliihere on eat or removal of the present or any future deputy of

after execute the king's remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, the his office in king's remembrancer shall execute the said office in person, then ^h^tnlft*1 and anc n ca^e ^evera* tru^s» powers, and authorities, in and powers here" ky this present act verted in the said deputy of the king's remem by verted in braneer, and his successors, shall, during such time as no deputy

the deputy of the king's remembrancer shall be appointed, vert in, and beex

shall vert m ecuted by, the said king's remembrancer of the said court of ex membrancer. ch^uer for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Method of That if any person or persons, who by law are capable of receiv

procedure ing such debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take

where the pro the same before or on the sixteenth day of Jpril^ one thousand fe sttl|piieg°eft ven hundred and eighty one, then and in such case it shall and to take any may be lawful for the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, debenture till to deposit the same with the clerk of the peace of the county xfter April i6, where the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, 17 therein mentioned, in respect whereof such debenture or debentures

shall be made out, shall lie, and to take his acquittance or acquittances for the same, which such clerk of the peace is hereby required to give without any fee or reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, of such person or persons respectively so neglecting or refusing to take such debenture or debentures, shall from thenceforth be verted to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as if such debentures, or the money payable thereby had "been received by the parties entitled thereto, and the money thereon due had been fully satished and paid; and such clerk of the peace shall and may afterwards

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. cio. aot

deliver the same to the party or parties who shall appear to be entitled thereto, on being fully paid all such reasonable charges and expenses (if any) as he mall or may sustain or be put unto relating thereto.

XIII. And whereas, by means of some inaccuracy in the descripti All mefluagei on in the aid two recited acts of parliament, of the exact quantity, jj|\ds» C abuttals, and other descriptions of the several messuages and parcels of "cc'£ val lends in the counties of Kent and Essex therein mentioned to be intento be taken dead tb be pwrehafed and taken for the use of his Majesh, some doubt for his majes moy pofjibly arise, whether every particular of the messuages, lands, ty, shall, im tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which are described in the said the officers tommifioners decrees, and valued by the said respective juries, are to of the ord

be taken and paid for by his Majesty, appears by the said recited acts nance have

to have been intended to have been comprised in the said acts of parlia pad for the

mint respectively; and also whether there are not some small particu in his

lors in the said counties of Kent and Essex, comprised, or appearing Majesty

have been intended to be comprised, in the said acts, or one of them, which are not described in the said of decrees, nor have been valued by the said respective juries as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arise by means of any such doubt, That all and every the particulars of the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which have been, in and by the said recited decrees, or any of them,

or the verdicts therein respectively mentioned, valued as to be

+taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all appurtenances thereof, for the purposes in the said acts, shall, from and immediately after such time as the value thereof shall be paid by the officers of the ordnance, as aforesaid, be, and the same are hereby vested in his Majesty, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succcessors for ever, unalienable, as mentioned in the said recited acts withvregard to the particulars comprised therein, with respect to the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the said counties of Kent and Essex, notwithstanding any inaccuracy in the description thereof in the said recited acts of parliament,

or either of them; and that all and every the particulars of the an(j ass thopc

messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the said counties of Kent comprised in

and Essex, or either of them, comprised, in the said recited acts of the recited

parliament, or either of them, which (if anyj are not valued in a(fts» which

or by the said recited verdicts and decrees therein mentioned, or Sun U

one of them, shall, from and immediately after the passing of fr0'in the

this act, and for ever thereafter, be, remain, and continue, vest passing of this

ed in such persons or person, bodies politic or corporate, eccle ah remain

fiastical or civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to, such so^erpropri

uses, trusts, intents, purposes, conditions, and restrictions, as ctor8 thereof.

the same would have been if the said recited acts, or either of them, had not been made; anything herein, or in the said acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything actions.

802 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 11. II

done in pursuance of the aforesaid recited acts, or anything to be done in pursuance of this act, every such action and suit mall be commenced within six calendar months next after the cause of such action or suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in all such actions and suits may General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of the said acts, or one of them, or in pursuance of this acts: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, then, and in either of such cases, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdictc shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer adiscontinuance after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any demurrer, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants; in each of the cases aforesaid the defendant or defendants shall havetre treble costs. colls, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for recovering costs in other cases by law.

CAP. XI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to fervt in his Majesty's hips of war, and on board, merchant hips, and other trading/hips and vt/fels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in Jl his Majestfs hips of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading hips and vessels; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from From the paf an(j after the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no5, 1781, mer longer, (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other chant ships, trading ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before C may be the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred thm foiir's anc eishty tw0> wb° be, an(l are hereby allowed the liber foreign fca an benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as men. herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any

merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed, be at 211 times natives, or his majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain, (sudden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the fcas, saved and excepted), one act of parliament, made in

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12 — 14. 203

the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty Kirtg Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and entreating offlipping and navigation, or any other Statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall ex xhj, a not tend to take away or retrain the effect of any such royal proto restrain aay damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impow royal procla ered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year majon to be of his late majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majestfs ships of war and on Geo. 1. board merchant ships and other trading ships and privateers.

CAP. XII.

An act to continue the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, continued for thirty-one year

CAP. XIII.

An act for rendering effectual an act, made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XIV.

An act for raising a certain sum by way of annuities, and a lottery; and for consolidating certain annuities, which were made one joint stock by an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, which certain annuities consolidated by several acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

[Preamble.]

i, oooo, ooool. to be raised by annuities, and 4.80, 000]. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 12, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities; viz. sool. at 3 percent. 501, the like, and51. at 4l. percent, for each tool, which shall be charged upon the sinking fund. Contributors shall be entitled to one quarter's annuity at percent, from Jan. 5, to Apr, 1781; and from that time shall be paid half yearly. Every contributor of 10001. shall, upon payment of 40l. more, be entitled to four lottery tickets. A recital that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder ot their subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 11,000, entitled to annuities of 3l. percent.; for every tool, as aforesaid; and also to an annuity of 4l. percent.; both payable half yearly. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, C Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received; which shall be assignable. Cashier to give security, to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury impower ed to apply the money paid in by the cashier, to such services as shall have been voted by the house of commons. A book to be provided in the accountant general office, of the bank in which contributors names shall be entered, caster contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; tax

free.

204

Ticket.

"The oath.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 14. [1781.

free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited to the

Jmblick. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the ums subscribed hall, be placed to their credit, in the books of the bank. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Governor, See. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be ifiiied at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, at the bank wherein shall be entered all transfers of sums advanced on this act. Transfers to be signed by the parties or their attorneys lawfully authorised by writing under hand and leal, attested by two or more witnesses, and to be accepted by underwriting the transfer. Persons possessed of stock may devise the same by will. See. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the percents, granted by the lottery act of last year. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480, 0001. to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, C Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Lottery books to be provided with three columns of tickets as follows.

LOTTERY for the Year 178?.

The hearer of this ticket will be entitled to such beneficial chance as ball belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purs^ance of an ab passed in the twenty first year of his majesty's reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread or silk; and cut oft indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Two of 20, 0001. each, two of 10, 0001. three of 5, 000 L eight of a, ooool. sixteen of 1000l. thirty of cool, one hundred of 100l. each, three hundred and sixty of 501. and fifteen thousand five hundred of 20l. each, together with 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first six days, i, ooool. to ditto the second six days; 2, 0001. to ditto the 15th and 17th days; 3, 0001. to ditto the 18th and 20th days; and 10001. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied and put in the box (B). Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 15, 1781. Tickets to be drawn by an indifferent person, See. 16, 021 prizes, 31, 979, blanks; and filed. To continue drawing from day today (Sundays excepted). Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sic. felony without benefit of clergy. Managers to prosecute

offenders. Offenders, (not in prison)) persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Proviso, not to cause corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs. Managers to be sworn

1a B. as a manager and difedlor of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty first year of his Majesty's reign, do swear, That will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me \ and that I will not use any indireb art or means, or permit or direb any person to use any ihdirtd art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, sir nsyself, or any other person whatsoever; and that will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or Jenifer prabice to be done by arty person whatsoever; and that willy to the bejt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticketh right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the/aid ab

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. i4. So

To be administered by any two. managers. cahier may receive the Aims subscribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every iol. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such fume to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissionert of the treasury may reward the managers, cas they shall think fit. Sale of chances, Sec. not to be for less than the whole time of drawing. No person to receive money for any chance or event relating to the drawing of any ticket, either as to the time, or whether fortunate or not, nor to publish proposals for that purpose. Penalty 5001. office keepers, C selling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001. and to fulter 3 mouths imprisonment. After April 5, 1781, no person to keep a lottery office without a licence. Each licence for every office tocoft 501. and shall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers. Licence to set forth the name of the person taking out the same and the place. See. and to continue in force for one year. persons jceeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied to. defraying the expenses of the lottery. No persons to sell any share of a ticket less than a sixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on persons pro mi Ang to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this act, 501. No business to be transacted at any lottery office between eight in the evening and eight the next morning; except on the evening of the day preceding the drawing. Two justices may summon offenders against this act, and, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties, Sec. If penalties fere not immediately paid, they may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, offender to be committed.

Any person forging a licence, shall forfeit 5001. C Commissioners of the treasury to establish an office in London, and to appoint a person to conduct the business thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into shares or chances, shall be deposited. All shares to be damped by the officer, who shall give a receipt for every ticket deposited with him.

All tickets deposited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of shares into which they age divided. 2d. for each share to be paid to the officer on depositing tickets in the office; who shall therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. Penalty on selling any share or chance of a ticket without a damp, 501. for each share sold. To be applied one third to the informer. and the remaining two thirds to the poor of the parish where the offence is committed. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent intention, the same as for forging a licence.

No person shall keep any office for the sale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of 201. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by didress, C proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect. Sec. This act not to prejudice the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor, Sec. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable, in the same manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom.

Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 480, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March 1,

178*, Scc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, by the managers or a majority. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of 20l.

LXIV. And whereas by an made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign intituled An act for raising by annuities, r€c*ltai of an in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, aft % Geo. j. to be charged on the sinking fund; and for applying the fur C plus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the moneys

2q6

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 14. [1781.

arising from the duties on spirituous liquors granted by an act of thrs session of parliament; the said sum of twelve millions was directed to be added to, and made one, joint stock of transferable annuities at the bank of England, with the sum of eight millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, in four pounds per centum annuities, granted by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign 33. Geo. of his late Majesty King George the Second; and by another act C* in the said second year of his present\majesty's reign, were charged upon the sinking fund, and together made one capital or joint stock of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, in annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, and charged on the said fund; which said jum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, hath been since reduced to the sum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three hundred pounds, by the sum of one million two hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred pounds having bun subscribed for annuities at three pounds per centum, (with certain advantages allowed the subscribers), ), pursuance of an act made in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign; and the said remaining unsubscribed sum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three hundred pounds, in pursuance of the several acts of parliament granting the same, jland reduced to three pounds per centum per annum, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one: and as it may be for the benefit and advantage of the proprietors of the said annuities so reduced, to have the J'aid annuities added to sundry other annuities called Reduced Annuities, carrying an inlerefi after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable at the bank of England, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen Billings, and fourpence, remaining unredeemed of nineteen millions one hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-three pounds, sixteen billings, and fourpence, which were consolidated and charged upon the sinking fund, in pursuance of several acts of parliament of the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; be it The per therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said sum cent, annui f eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three ties which hundred pounds, remaining unsubscribed of the aforesaid annu stand reduced ities, granted after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, frorap|anccnt* anc rom fifth day f January, one thousand seven

178* shall' hundred and eighty one, (land reduced to three pounds per cen with the con turn per annum, shall, with the consent of the proprietors, from lent of the the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one ke added to, and made one capital or joint stock of annui be con solid at - ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with CD with the the aforesaid capital of eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three old 3 percents, thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen fhil reduced, lings, and fourpence, and continue to be charged upon, and payable out of, the said sinking fund, and transferable at the bank of England, at the same time and in the same manner as the said annuities, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred

107

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. V

dred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen Shillings, and fourpence, have been usually paid, payable and transferable there, until redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said several atfts of parliament aforementioned with respect to the said annuities it directed, and with respect to the redemption of the same; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled by virtue of the said several as of parliament, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, consolidated by this a, amounting in the whole to the sum of thirty seven millions three hundred forty thousand and seventy three pounds, sixteen Shillings, and fourpence.

Proprietors not declaring their dissent before March 10, 1781, shall be deemed to assent to such consolidation. Persons sued for a&ingin execution of this act, may plead the general issue, and recover treble gpfts.

CAP. XV.

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning his Majestfs navy.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that general reprizals be granted against the Ships, goods, and subjects of the Jlates general of the United Provinces; anchthat as well all his Majestfs fleets andships, as also all other ships and vessels that shill be commissionated by letters of mark or general reprizals, or other wise, by his Majestfs commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the Jlates general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the fates general of the United Provinces, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majestfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majestfs Ships of war, and the officers and seamen of all other British Ships and vessels having commissions and letters of mark, and for inducing all British seamen who may be in any foreign service to return into this kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the frade of his Majestfs subjects; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, mariners, and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken since the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, after the same shall have been finally adjudged

[Preamble.]

Reciting order in council 20 December, 1780, for re prizals on the United Provinces,

Prizes made by the King's ships, during the hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, to be divided between the captors,

ter ordered, by proclamation.

Prizes made by privateers to be divided between the owners and captors, according to private contract.

208 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1781.

judged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his majesty's plantations in in the propor America or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and tiens by his after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his proclamation of Majesty alrea the twenty seventh day of December, one thousand seven hun to be here aft fc anc c*ghty» already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, or apparel, taken or to be taken, during the continuance of hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, by or with any private owner or owners, ship or vessel, according to any commission or letter of mark granted, or to be granted, as herein after is set forth, by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty as aforesaid), shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such share and proportions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be thus entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel being the capt5r of such prize, ship, or vessel, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods and merchandizes, and the person claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to any part or share thereof; any custom, Statute, or other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by two acts* made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled An Act

Geo. 3. C z3, for tjic encouragement of Teamen and the more speedy and ef tingphoftuitic9 fediual manning his majesty's navy; and the other intituled An against France act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, in and Spain, ex tituled. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy tended to let ang ejgre^uai manning his Majesty's navy 5 and for making further C forgene*provisions for those purposes; several provisions and regulations ral reprisals were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the against the said acts intended in the prosecution of hostilities against France and Spain \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

Provisions in 29 Geo. 3. c. 67, and to

United Provinces.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 209

the several regulations and provisions respecting the grant of commissions or letters of mark, the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, and all other dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, shall extend, and be condrued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions or letters of mark to the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of maraue for general reprizals agamd the ships, goods, and subjects, of the dates general of the United Provinces, and all other matters or things whatsoever, in respect of the same, during the continuance of hoftiiities against the dates general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same regulations, provisions, dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex Prize goods tend or be condrued to extend, to exempt any ships, goods, l*iaw«to pay wares, or merchandise, already taken, or which shall be taken as*

prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majesty's dominions, from the payment of any customs, or duties, or from being subject to the restrictions or regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and Statutes of this realm.

CAP. XVI.

An act for repealing the discounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and sugar imported into Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by virtue of the seventeenth rule in the Preamble book of rates9which is referred to, and made part of an act of parliament, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of Recital of the tonnage and poundage, and other sums of Money payable upon yth rujern merchandise exported and imported j and by several subsequent ja*cg# acts of parliament which are now in force, certain discounts or abatements are made and allowed to merchants out of the duties of customs payable upon foreign gpyds imported into this kingdom, and for prompt payment of several of the said duties upon certain goods Jo imported: and whereas the making such discounts is liable to great error in the computation of the said duties, which may tend to the prejudice of the public revenue, and occasion great trouble and perplexity to the merchants trading to this kingdom: to the end therefore that the duties may be colie died in a more plain and simple manner, and the merchants may more readily know what duties they are obliged to pay, and the officers of the revenue what they ought to charge, it is expedient that the said discounts and abatements Should in future be discon tinnedi may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted*be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty,

£10

After April 1781, all dif counto allowed on foreign goods imported shall cease, and the full duties be paid in ready money 1

except for east-india goods, the duties on which shall be regularly paid as herein prescribed.

Certain other allowances to which this at shall not extend.

The additional duty of 5 percent, granted by an

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. i [1781.

by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all discouftt? or abatements, which, by virtue of the hereinbefore recited rule, or by virtue and in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now in force, are made and allowed in the computation of any subsidy, import, or other duty of customs, payable for any foreign goods imported into this kingdom, or for the prompt payment of any such duties, shall cease, determine, and be no longer made or allowed; and the full duties due and payable for such goods shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, except in the case? herein after particularly mentioned and provided; any law, custom, or itsage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thi? aft shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discontinue or repeal the allowances made to the united company of merchants trading to the East Indus for charges of sale, and prompt payment, by virtue of an act passed in the second and third years of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for granting to her Majesty an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage for three years; and for laying afurther duty upon French wines condemned as prize; and for afurtam ing the values of unrated goods imported from the East Indies; provided the duties on unrated east-india goods, sold at the company's sales, shall be paid within three months from the termination of such sale respectivety; that is to say, in case the duties on the March sale, in each and every year, shall be paid on or before the first day of December then next following; and the duties on the September sale, in each year, on or before the first day of June next following such sales; but on failure of payment of the said duties within the times herein limited, the said discounts and allowances shall not be made for or on account of any goods sold at such respective sales.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the usual allowances of twelve pounds per centum for leakage, on wines imported into this kingdom, by virtue of the eighth rule in the before recited book of rates; nor to any allowance for damage on goods received in the course of the voyage, under the several regulations and restrictions such allowances are made by any act or aft? of parliament now in force; nor to the usual discount or allowance upon bonds for the duties on tobacco, which shall be warehoused in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for the encouraging the tobacco trade.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional import or duty of five pounds per centum, granted by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty

17^irj Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 9.

additional duties upon fbe product of the fjtveral duties tinder the an9 Geo. management of the respective of of the custotys'and (xciji &*o<hpitedr inqtcat Britain, or by any Fublequertt adfc of parliament nony up0htbegr«flb in force, shall be competed, collected, and paid, upon the grofc duties, duties which shall accrue and become due and payable, after the ducotunts or abatements herein before mentioned shall cease and be determined.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore A repeal of said, th*tf from and after the said fifth day of April, one thou such part of and fev.cn hundred and eighty one, so much of an act, made rciatefto^r in the ninth year of his late majesty king George the First, inti importer*of tided. An act for enabling his Majesty to put the customs of Great tobacco giv britain tinder the management of one or more commissions\ and for ing bond for better securing and after taming the duties on tobacco; and to prevent

frauds in exporting tobacco, and other goods and merchandizes or*,

carrying the Jame coastwise; and so much of any other act or a eft s of parliament now in force, as relates to the importer giving bond, with one or more securities, for the duties on tobacco, 1

shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed; and in Case the full duties pp tobacco shall fie paid down in rpady itioneir at thp time pi entry, the import of five pounds centum granted by the herein before mentioned act made in thexiine. teenth year of his?present m<yefty's reign, shall not be collected or paid on such duties so paid down; but if such tobacco shaft be wacehouled, andrthe impor, tqr*s(9wn fyqnd given for the dut,

ties thereon, pursuant to the before mentionea aft 'made in thte ?. j twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne pr of aqy other acts 1.

parliament, then, and fu, cb case, ten pounds per cehtumfiipll' '

be charged and collected upon, ^gross amount of the^dutiss 5 J ' for fqch tobacco, instead of the five pounds ter centum for e said import, granted by the best^c ^qtibned act mass in the nineteenth year of the reign of Jiis present Majesty,

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afor^ frofe aprlfv said. That, towards raising the npceflary supplies granted for 1781, th^lbfc defraying his Majesty public, expenses, from and after the lowing new fifth day of April, one thoi^hateven Hundred and, eighty«>cne,

over and above all other subsidies, duties, prid ippdfitions Majesty, on whatsoever, due and payable to his Majesty by any, act or acts importation; of parliament now in force, there shall be raised, levied, collect viz.

CD and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the fe vera! additional rates and duties and impositions following, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; thpt is tp say, On tobacco.

For every pound weight of tobacco, imported into Great Bri one penny tain, one penny and three farthings: rec

For every hundred weight of sugar, containing, one hundred and twelve pounds weight, imported into Great Britain four gdtper Shillings and eight pence; and after those rates for #iy greater hundred40r less fliianiity of such. goods respectively. weight.

VII. And it is hereby farther enabled by jtfie ^utboriiy/afo# yhe jpmfl* That the aid.a.cl ditional duties^herein bef<^e, gran(edv(hair^ teie fec^also fuhjpa^n^i juwp to ap^dditional fau>9ft pj dpty of five subjetomw y8l. xxxitt. Q.'- pounds

The said duties to be collected and paid See. as the former

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1781.

percent. pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations,

(except where any alteration is made by this act), at cf'ijf0* tnc additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by the before mentioned act, made in the nineteenth year of his reign.

The new du VII.' Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the p^vfor goods authority aforesaid, That the duties herein before granted shall w^rehou^d not be charged and paid for or on account of any prize goods, for exporta or other goods, which shall be secured in warehouses in this tien, C kingdom under the joint locks of his Majesty and the proprietors of such goods, in pursuance of any ad or parliament, unless and until such goods shall be taken out of the warehouses wherein they are so secured, to be consumed or used in this kingdom.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties and impositions herein before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and modules on such thods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, (except where lrtide, f any alteration is made by this act), as the former ditties now

payable to his Majesty upon such articles respectively are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present acts and the same shall be under the direction and ma laantranent na?cent of the respective of of the customs and of the commif their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the bands fionert of the of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be customs. by him paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer in the Directions for following manner; that is to say. The said additional duties imping the upon tobacco and sugar shall be paid in, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the ufos and purposes.in this act mentioned; and the money arising by or on account of the several difeouna and abatements by this act repealed, shall be paid in as part of the several duties from which they were deduded before the passing of this act; and the additional imports of five pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum respectively upon the duties granted by this act, together with the said additional import of five pounds per centum upon atiy other duties of customs, granted by any act of parliament made since the passing of the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall be paid in together as part of the said import granted by that ad, under tke title and description of The impojl one thousand seven hundred and fetoenty nine; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for all sugar imported into Gre&

niinmilim°n Britain, after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun arzg*sim dred and eighty one, which (hgll have paid the duty hereinbefore

and to be under the

duties into ct cache qutr.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c/17. 213

before granted, and shall be afterwards refined in this kingdom, ported after and exported into foreign parts, after the fifth day of July, one after 7* thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in the loaf, and whole, ward refined being net, the exporter shall be allowed a bounty or drawback in this king of eleven Shillings and sixpence for every hundred weight, con doro. taining one hundred and twelve pounds weight, of such sugar; Loaf sugar and for every one hundred weight, containing one hundred and who*es twelve pounds weight of all refined sugars, called Bastards^ and ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar, broke in pie^ces, and all sugar called Candy, which shall be so exported, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, there shall be allowed a drawback, or bounty, of five Shillings and fourpence, and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such sugars respectively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed by law for the same; and from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the whole of the additional duty paid for a sugar, if not refined in Great Britain, and the whole of the additional duty paid for tobacco, together with the several and respective imposts of five pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum respectively, paid in pursuance of this&, shall, in like manner, be drawn back and repaid, upon the exportation of the goods; which said bounties and drawbacks shall be respectively paid and allowed in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, restriehons, oaths, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, in all ft spes, as the former bounties or drawbacks payable out of th duties of customs upon the exportation of the like goods was or might be legacy paid before the passing of this ash

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Moneys arising all the moneys to arise by the duties granted by this act, the northeast ty this act to ctflary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, ^ce^chtau«r shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's C

exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the pubkck revenue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. XVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty 'an additional duty upon tie product of the several duties under the management of the respi&tvi cotpmijffiomrs of the excise in Great Britain.

m*jl Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjpfts, the;

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to wards raising, by the most easy mean, the necessary supplies to to defray ypur majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily rofolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein after mentioned.; and do most humbly be feccb your Majesty that it may be enacted; and.be. it enabled by the king's most excellent Majesty, by?nd.with tbi advice and coafctu of tl^e lords Spiritual and temporal, an cqtnmonj,

qa m

2; i 4 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. [1781.

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority o From April 5, the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thou fl*ilb«hchc an ^€vcn hundred and eighty one, there shall be charged, levi cd«n additi" et collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his onal duty of 5 heirs and successors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds percent, on per centum upon the produce and amount of all the several in inca, ?ifu" tu an duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as hereip tics^ow'pay after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are char ged and cohered under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland; which said additional duty of five pounds per centum, hereby imposed, shall and may from time to time be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the said additional duty and charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now

able to his Majesty, (except as alter excepted: )

To be levied and recovered as the former duties.

in

This at not to extend to beer, malt, fbpe, candles

force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the fe reral powers, authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in (be body of this present a:

: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional du w cauu.c,7 °* oharge of five pounds per centum the produce or amount hides or skins', of the duties on beer, malt, fope, candles, hides, or skins, brewed or brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or <1 re (fed, within Great Britain; in^rea?bri or to care kid duty the produce or amount of the

tain*duties of five pounds per centum and fifteen pounds per centum % respectively imposed upon the produce of the several nor to charge inland duties under the management of the com midioners of the amount of excise in England and Scotland, by an act made in the nineteenth Vpercent majesty's reign, (entitled. An 48 for gran

i5per cent, on*8* is Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several the prod uce of duties under the management of the respectivecommissioners of the excise duties, customsand excise in Great Britain); and by two several other acts npadejn the twentieth year of his said present Majesty's reign, and iogeo^tho one intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional du C 35, and s % !'tits<kpon tnalt, and upon low wines and spirits made for home consumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and ion the produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty 'tot licences to be token out by all per sins trading in vending or soiling of coffee tea, or chocolate*the other intituled An of? for framing to his Majesty additional duties upon fldrcb and bofk powder hrtportem, and upon flarch inde in Great Britain, and Upon sweets \ thing fhcfdxv wotrwntaiacd to the contrary notwithstanding.

r - And

[e

*5

All monk'by this act to be paid separa tel y info the exchequer, and carried so the sinking fund.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 18.

1 III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys to arise by the additional duty granted by this act, the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at if^eftminflevy distinctly and apart from all other brahches of the public. revenue, and shall be carried to, and naade part of the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. xviii.

An act for keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it h highly expedient for the public that the several regiments and corps of militia Should be made and kept as complete os foffibk during the cmrje of the ensuing camk pmgn: And whereas the time of ballasting for many regiments add corps, or parts of regiments and corps, will happen between the months^Match and December nixt ensuing, whereby such regiments and

corps will during that period, be very much weakened and rendered

unfit for service: whereas the provisiom in two acts of parlies meat, one made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, intitie led. An act to "amend and render more effectual the laws relating*' C

to the ratting and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England ptftd to establish certain regulations; with.*respcdfcto officers feevingin the corps of fencible men directed < /

torbe raised irt that parr of - Great Britain called Scotlandv and J

certain other corps therein mentioned; and the other made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, imitated, An act to explain,9 Gcg* C amend, and render more efleedlual, the feverat laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this Jcingtkorn; and for snaking certain provisions relative to the fencibte men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which wjre intended to prevent in some degree this inconventtiki* have been found inefficient: for re Colonels, C maty thereof, be it<?«>acjted, by the^ing's^oft excellent majesty, f wihtii, m by and with the advice and coafeat of the lords fpjruual and ^entsthe1" temppr^j and conynpns, in t)iis present parliament assembled, time of service and by the authority of the same, That, from and immediate of any private ly after the passing of this acts, the colonels and commandants of men will ex the several regiments and corps of militia, in which regiments April v^anj or corps the time of service of any private militia men will ex Dec. i, are to pire between the first day of April and the first day of Dumber inquire of t next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby respectively required very such map forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the said aeft of the continue eighteenth year of his present Majesty", to, every such private his service for man, and to inquire if he is willing to continue his service for a further term 2 further term of three years, and for what sum or price he shall of three years, be ft) willing to continue It, if required.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That C cj every such colonel and commandant of every such regiment and tctrenirn lists corps of militia, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to of such men

0.3

z 16 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 19. [1781.

who are w return a lid as well of such private militia men as are willing t6 lieg to conti continue so to serve, as of all others whose times of service will expire between thefirstday of April and the first day of Dtambtr % the general next ensuing, to the cleric of the general meeting of the county or meeting. |.. to which such regiment or corps shall respectively belong, which clerks n manner as is directed by the said recited acts, or either of deputy lieut! hem $ all clerks of general meetings, clerks of subdivi*. care forth fion meetings, deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, and all Uhtop other persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and for proper 0t re(lu'rcd» upon the receipt of such lists, forthwith to proceed to men to terve ballot for proper men to serve it) the militia, in the place of those instead of whose times will expire as aforesaid, and for that purpose to exe those whose cutc ass tfoe powers and directions given by the said recited acts, pi^e'a»*forc* other actor adb of parliamentrespecting the trfilitiaforbid. ecs of this kingdom, as if all the clauses, provisions, powers,

matters, and things, contained in any of the said acts relating to the premises, were repeated and reenacted in the body of this present act.

Clerks of fub 1 JIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thats division meet jyhen and as often as any militia men shall be ballotted for and li % sof the sworn*» the manner herein before directed, the clerks of the, name, cof febdivision meetings respectively shall forthwith give notice there niilitia men of, and transmit a list of the names and places of abode of such fworii fh to the militia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or of the corptto ^arps militia to which they shall belong j and every colonehor which they kroihxnandant of such regiment or corps of militia is and are belong, C here^y authorised from time to time to discharge of those men hose times will soonest expire, a number equal to those who'gre ballotted for and sworn in, and in readiness to join his regiment or corps, so asto keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned

CAP. XIX.

An act to permit the importation of flax and flax seed into this

dom or Ireland, in any or veffltl belonging flatiinamity with his Majesty, with f

-'dtihng'fhrprtfent bofliiitits.

Pmmtye. eats fy an act. made in the tvaeifth

- par. of the reign: of King Clwrk* the Sttondt Recital of the tifuled* Ana! for tlieeoeouraging apdotafeafing of Shipping

iiavi^atiin aft hod navigation, it it qmngfl other That no sort of

XI Car. flarflalliudmportrdpio.erigikn'd, feel»t^, w»le», or town ofbtf wick Hpon Tweed, jntorjtfa «r/bipk vejet or whaefoevtr.,

.. iut in such as do tntly^nfrtf'ilhout jfrau4l.helong.to the ptopli thpetly J pr.fvme of them, t fa: Unto: ownend proprietors tbtreef and whereof the master and three foterthl efitba. meeinen et leaf art t £ngkfaix*pton/pfl*rt: foreign slip I er.epflekat'.are efthe built ef M mmtty orpfawf whiah: the said the gt

tr.xwtifa&wpfefe&itel}, sort ttifor

si: goodt

T t

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c.iif

goods aeon only be, tr mft usually are, first slip transportation,

and whereof tie majier, and three fourths of the mariners at leas, tf the said country or plate, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods: and whereas it is expedient, during the present

to permit the importation of fax and flax seed and - '

Ireland, in foreign neutral ships or vessels, although or'

Ttjfels art not tf the built of the eountry or place of which ft/eh flax or flax seed is the growth, production, or manufacture, or of tie fort where such flax or flax seed can only be, or usually slipped for transportation; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present _.

assembled, and by the authority of the same, tlur, lsidur from and after the twentieth day of Apone thousand seven i, £ the pre*and eighty one, and during the present hostilities, it fern hostilities, shall and may be lawful for any person.or perfortsto import into this kingdom of Great Britain, mjr el any sort offlax or pg into flax seed, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state Great Britain in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by or Ireland in foreign seamen, from any port or place whatsoever, upon the vessels belong same terms and conditions, and subject to the same rule?, jregu lations. and restrictions, in all respects, as such flax and flax seed, jth hisma would, by any law in force, have been subject and liable to if jesty, See, the same had been imported in foreign ships or vessels of the built of the country or place, of which such flax or flax seed was the growth, production, or manufacture; anything in the before recited atft, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX ' .'?

An act for declaring certain provisions af an act, made in the thirteenth year of his, present Majesty, relating to the turnpike roads in

that part of Great Britain tailed England, to extend to all alls made, and to be made, for repairing roads subsequent to the of the said act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether the provisions con

Sained in an act of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act to explain, Recital of the mewl, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws general turn now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Rkeaft3 Great Britain called England, and for other purposes), were meant ljto'* an intended to extend to such acts of parliament as shall be made for repairing particular turnpike roads subsequent to the passing of the said recited all: for obviating such doubts for the future, be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the provisions, directions, mat The recited Ijers, and things, contained in the said Recited act of the their j ttcath year of the reign of his present Majesty, which have not h»vebe«nre.

' - 0.4 been pealed, fcc.

parting thereof te

VII fiino vicesiri16 p^thbisickdit Iff. tt;

extended to (cm varied, altered, or rfpe^tees, by ifrty fattfetjuenf rifts f pdh ^a<^cnt» (except so muefi thereof as an adcfitioritof testis C n e ncet e years to acts for re pair ing partrcuhytorfipike roads tterl And arc meant and intended, and shall be deemed, confiruttf* apd taken, to extend to af aits of parliament which hive bees made fined the time of the paflin£ of the fafdyedted aft, rind whrtrtt lhab hereafter be made, for amending and repairing any parti qufar tyrnpike roads within that part of Great Britain caltei Engloitf.,

CAP. XXI.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia m that pirt of Great Britain tilled England, fdy One year, begriming th twenty.fifth day of March me tboolkad fevth hoodnd aid*ighy+

one.!

fceambfe. Where the militia is Ar fh^l be ratfed, the receiver general of the county n to Issue four months pay ini advance, according to the Mb? blffhmetrt of pay here let down; with half a yeir's salary to the regimbi talaod battalion clerksand the allowances to tfockrks of the gewnri apd febdivision meetings andpayyor elothiogof the militia. where4»y has not been issued, no pay to be issued till tfyc lord lieutenant, or deputies, (hill have certified to the treasury and recrivers general the itirof merit of th see fifth rdf the riven and officers. The money n to be^paad by thecjfeceiter.gttiiril to ehb tfledc' of the regimen t*cr battalion, (except the allowance to the clerks of the oweftngt) Upon producing the war cant of few appointment: and for independent companies, to toe respective captains dr to (heir order: according to the trtabliffim'fnt laid don in the rriilitia rift of a Geo. 3. c. 3$; r A fectmd payment is uhri to be made within tbrei thchths after the first: and a third Within three months, alter the feeond; Receipts of the persons to whom the money thfdi be so paid, to discharge the receivers general. The regimental and battalion c»erks are to pay in advance one month's pay totbe adjutant: and two months pay to each captain for the sergeants and diuminers* and for the sergeant major and drura major two months pgy to be paid to the commanding officer of the Company to which they belong: captains to diliribute the pay accordingly*hrtd account for the famd yeanv to the clerk, or receiver-general if an irrde pendant company, according to the form in the hfti and phy back she far

Jdus moneys in bts hands. On discharge of te^eantror drummers ks unfit or service, no pay to be issued till then are appointed: opr any payment made toiuch as are discharged by the commanding officer. Tnfcclerkkare like wise to pay, out of the f^ms allowed for contingent expenses, id per man for hospital charges: and the iuins*nee; efciry for the repair dfjbydh, and carriage thereof. Rtfidbe to be applied forth benefit of tfecrfei. went or battalion, as the field officers hud captillts flhui dir (ft. ^eu8l of the said sums to be made of yearly. Money allowed for cytiiagna expence of independent companies to be applied and accounted forbj tfo captains. Clerk to retain mohey in his harids for his own salary, wheo the lord Hen tenant or deputies shall have 6x*d the days of exertife, shes are to certify the famh to the receiver generkl, rpecifying the ntibbfe'et men, and days they shall be absent from born. reoetver gejkrai*0 i^fef thereupon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk. yftfre there mall be independent companits only, the receiver general is o inue fcay to the captains, Sec. according tb thte rate Here set dowti, viz. ttrfscft oaptmn s. 6d. pferdey». each lieutenant 3*. 6d. per day eritth erifigh gk. _ per day, and each privue nxxn 1 s. per day with the addition of Ml per dpy for each corporal. Clerks to pay ovey the money tp die lefpeftjoc captaifis. Captains to make up their account according to the form in the asti to be signed by them, and counteitigned by the comihhlrtcfivl^'oflic^ril* rind dftivferedt with the balance tb schie elerk, or receive rifcanerjik awi emits allowed sufficient vouchers During the time the troops are embodied

ff.) Anr^ vksesimo primo Georgii III. c.

toiiei# <mdrw)m«ijv b ottkifti fervid and recchr* pay ik the king's

oshkmtoea, 9*1 pay and awowaoce tan the receivers general isto cone. jucaters general to pay the allowances to curkt of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the lubdivhion meetings, Upon producing orders from the liedfeoant or deputy lieutenarttsr which order to be amifcharge to reedrefs gentrif. Regimental and battalion dark to give feourity for pbfiag and icooootiegfor the moneys Received by thorn t the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in suit by them on not)perform rtunce of the conditions j and they are entitled thereupon to full tofts and charges; and 5). percent, of the money recovered; ttmeddoe to be at codmed for to the tfoditbr. The regimental and tecad«o» clerks, ensd taynios of in dependant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their n copbaad di&uffcments. All penalties, cotta, C to be recovered in the courts at ttfejtminster. No fee payable for arty warrant or sum of money issued in pursuance of this at. Officer on half-pay serving in the militia, tmf receive the" febfi (fence money payable to captains, lieutenants, dr tofigas, they taltingtfeefolkmixig oath before rjuttice, Ihfofth, r

I A. do swear. That I had not, between the

I any place 6r employment of profit, dvil or milftary^tnider has

mjjefyjbdider Wty amokvance of half.pay aa a reduced'*

i'act regiment of far allowance ft

r late troop of hof ft guards, or; ^:

regiment of horse reduced], save and except my subsistence ata'"captain, lieutenant, or ensign, [as the case serving in the xiiratia.of Che

ttmrity of*' M'

-'.. «'-.. \.. -!. Thetahingthif qftfch fulicient to entitle them to receive their half pay re cejftr geiicral, oipon receiving a warrant, from the epppuanding officer, be/tjjing the receipt of the Clothing, and an order for payment, is to pay tbtrfttoe accordingly. If any regiment, e. (half ceafev II {4suk is to be pdtitottye Mptttftt hot such time tomarch$, ifrfa.,.

->: - CAP'. XXII.

anftfmbr iatproriftf the navig

t r: i "a

An act for improving the navigation of the river, called bp^rn Tan, from the town.of Bournits Junction with the fiver Glen at a place called Tongue nd, in the county 61 Lincoln. 1 ", "

\ ^. V k % 'i.

CAP. XJCHI; -.

An act for irptkniiting t^thmiflioiters for puttitifer 5kekecfttfbtt'ahadtof sbb9rffi<m; d^hiaitkist, iiritttbd^ an*adbfor grantii^g.prwuttd hrtmft jesty by1*0^ tft*, tb be raiffdrin Great Britain, for theiervice of the yeif one tboiyandseven hundred and eighty one'

: ': cati, /.

J. de prtfeni (\uuei.jtfonj*p(r

jwffhwssy made in(prat Bruaia, and for gnanting

fafath ww.tbrtif'*, L;

Ad,

Hi y,

[Preamble.]

tttherea^iy^ Mhie iff tintbyear f ihi rttgh

Vy her late majesty Soften Anne, yir laying duties upon fope.and Recital of two poser^madejh Great Britain, hni for other purpifes therein rhen ii&t, madcm fimtd % lerlditi duties were laid on fl paper made /vr gi^af bvitairi,* Anna, aturiing to the several and particular rates and Vaiitzs therein entr ih&atei, and other duties were imposed after the rati tf twelve pounds former one hundred pounds of the true and real value of an other pdfer so made ds dforisaid^ and not Particularly chafaiain the hid 'i > aet \ and by ini differ aft, made in the twelfth year fisher fald hte a hajittx, mjejlfs ftign, a further me and duty was hid an rbifait papers

all

leap Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1781.

aumbieh said several rates and duties merest he charged, lamed tad paid, in manner as by the aid acts are particularly dirtstd and«presect, and which aid alts art by subsequent continued and made perpetual: and whereas it hath been found, by experience, that the several and resptqive rates and duties so charged upon paper, by tbt aid acts particularly enumerated, are not proportionate to the true value of such papers; and that the value of the other papers rateable by the said acts, and not therein particularly charged, to, or affirmed by the makers thereof, and according to which the duties thereon are charged and payable, have been very unequal, same perfnu greatly undervaluing the same, whereby great frauds and abuses have been committed, to the detriment revenue, and injury of the fair

trader: now, for the remedying of the said abuses, and to prevent like frauds, and to the intent that all paper makers may be on an equal footing; we, your majesty's faithful commons, in parliament, a (Tern bled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's raott excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From May1, by the authority, of the same, That, from and after the twenty-1781, the lu day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, rniilboanfs* le ^ever*i rates and duties upon paper, millboards, pasteboards, See. granted and fealeboards, given and granted by the said acts, made in the by the recited tenth and twelfth years of the reign of her said fate majesty Queen aftt, repealed. ianne, uin&which have been ftnee continued and made perpetual,

(Exception (except so much of the said duties as are imposed by the said acts upon paper, to be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings, and other uses), shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the before mentioned acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

And to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, in the respectivcfunds to which the duties upon paper by this

1 ait determined were appropriated and by the de: erminatien

of the said duties^be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, New duties 'That in lien thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and granted in paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Head thereof for and upon ass pap^rs} pasteboards, millboards, and bale pasteboards,' hoards, which, from and after the said twenty first day of May, C made in one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be made in Great Britain: Great Britain, the several and respective rates and duties herein videlicer, after particularly mentioned and described, and classed in the several tables annexed to this atft j that is to say, -

'fmperiaj t for every ream of paper made in Great for writing,

log paper, jp. called Imperial, of the yajue of two pounds, eleven Shillings, per per ream: rcam> and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenuons of

twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, nine Shillings:

Royal For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, ditto, 6s? jfu «hcd Super Royal, of the v?|pe of one pound, eighteen Shillings, per ream: per ream, and upwards, and nqt exceeding the dunengons of

1 pine

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24.

nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty teven inches and an half, six Shillings and nine pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Royal, of the value of one pound, nine Shillings, ptr ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, five Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Medium, of the value of one pound, two Shillings, and sixpence, per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an hails by twenty-two inches and an half, four Shillings:

For every: ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the value of sixteen Shillings per rtam, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two Shillings and nine^pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called efhid Post, of the value of thirteen shillingt/w? ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter byriineteen inches and an half, two (hidings and threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Thin Post, of the value of ten (hihings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and p quarter by nineteen inches and anbats, one shilling and nine

121

Royal writing paper, 5*. psr ream:

Medium ditto, S. per ream:

Demy ditto, ss. i. per reams

Thick Post ditto, i. j d, per reams

Thin Post ditto, is. sd per ream t

pence:, 'T

- For every ream of paper made hr Great Britain for writing. Small Post called Small Post, of the value of seven Shillings and sixpence per ditto, is. jd. ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of their p*1*reams teen inches and art half by sixteeirinches and an half, one shilling and threepence:

- For every ream of paper made its Great Britain for writing, Fools Cap called Fools Cap. of the value of nine Shillings per ream, and ditto, is. ft; upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches Perretms and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, one shilling

and sixpence:

every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Pott ditto, .!u c*ucd Pott, ofrthe value of six Shillings per ream, and upwards, per ream: and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen iricbes stfid an half, rine shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Double Arias, or copperplate printing, called' Double Atlas, of the value of for writing, or fifteen pounds firstam, and upwards, and not exceeding the copp!r*plate dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, Jos" per ream one pound ten Shillings

every ream pfpaper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for or popper plate printing, ctmtademy, of the value of twelve ditta> shilling reem^. owl upwards nd not exceeding the dimen* rcams Cons of fifteen'inches and an half by twenty inches, one shilling

nine pence*;

for every gemh<jf p*f>*r Great Britain for writing, Copy, fa 1

mpopptr sets prying, etllpd Gofiyo of the value of ditto, i i per'

w*fereo"*5

4* r IV

'22$ Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1781.

£»vcn Shillings and fixpenoe ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one shilling:

vmu Cap. for For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, writing, oc or copper pi ate printing, called Feels Cap. of the value of fit

printing! od. idlings perream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per ream's fions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, ten pence: ,

Littris Fools For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Cap. for ditto, r copperplate printing, tailed Littris Foals Cap. of the value of ream six *'ngs Per ream and upwards, and not exceeditig the dimensions of thirteen inchesand an half by k)venteen inches and i'tonne pence:

pott, for dftto, For, every ream of paper made ih Great Britain hr writing,

8d. per ream: or copperplate printing, called Pott, of the valiie of four ihiu lings ptr ntarn, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions

of twelveincherandian half by fifteen inches: and ih half, eight.

- r:: " ..L (.

Grand Eagle, For etbry ream of paper mxdfcin Qrmt Britain hr writing, for ditto, u £. or copperplate printing, called Grand Eagle or Elephant,

per ream: of the value of fir poemds per, ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfioimhf: twenty six inches and three quar

ters by forty inches, eleven, Shillings <"

For every ream of paper.1 ado: in.gnatt Britain for writing, ditto, 7 s, per or copperplate printing, called of the value of two

reanl'..r pound*and tdn fltilhn^.'/bir reaun, and upwardr, andxtot ext, thft dhnenfiohslbf jtwehtyatthreemdbe^ and an half by

'thirty-four inches and an hxhy(even (hiilingic Atlas, for dit For every, team of papenmaaderin for writing,

to, (worth j L or copperplate printing, called Atlas, of 'tfae; value of three, 0 } i'er pound*'per neam, atrd"upwardej antl oot exceeding the dimen

rf?v 1*fiptjs, of twenty fisc, inch cb: and aaquarter. byt dhitt^fbor inches,

'*1 ten ailhngaci' ° b.

Atlas, for dit. For every ream f paper moderin for writing,

r copperplate printing, called Atlas, of the value ofctwopounds wawi d' p*r^r ^riws'dnd upwards/.hnd teot'exceeding thodimenfioni of tv»c«ty igxf inches and a quarter by thirty*four inbhes, six ft»d jings andfixpetoer: -< tni!?

Small Atlas, For every ream of papdr made in grvoh^irsdivfor writing, ior.dttto, S: copper pitec printing, called^wist!/ /fr/jj^ofuhe yvlot of one ^er|fam: pound and.tdi dullings. pw^ream, andmpwurdsy -- and pot ex

1 V 1 eeeding1 thfr<diwwrtfitms bf te»ertry hve in thet by' chfrty ona

*'...'ibches^fbwiflsilfiiigs: '\ r y: o r. VII "

For every ream of paper made in Oiar ftrrtwjttfor Writing, 1 dittcy.4s. 9d. or coppetv_piale printing, 'calledimperial, bf rttst'vtluc.of one perrea^: pound and eeb fhtllings /urvdinly2nd upwandtq and ticjrexcved

ing the dhnmfibnxof twemy«twteinches bf^wvty iftches and a quatteil, fioui; fltiuings and aihepence t - V ni n V Super Royal, For every ream of paper made in Great Briraik for writing for ditto, ?s. or cbpperwpdate printing, balled super'btjatycif'lht value of'dne r "' "' fit Shillings /rxpttifa, and upwards, 'and not

1. ceeding

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. 323

trading the dinfenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, three Shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, 'long Rays!, or copperplate printing, called Bong Royal, of the value of one pound per ream od upwards, and qot exceeding the dimen on^ing, jt. lions of twenty seven inches and an half by eighteen inches, per reams*three Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for.writing, Royal, for or copperplate printing, called roy<d> of the value of eighteen ditto, as. 6d. Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per ream:

(ions of nineteen, inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two Shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy, for Qr copperplate printing, called Demy, of the value of thirteen ditto, i s. 9d. shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding theditnen t per reams dons of leveateen incites by twenty-two inches, one shilling and nine pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, abort d^my, or copperplate printing, called Short Demy or Crowns of the for ditto, i >. value of nine Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceed sd per eeami ing the dimensions of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling end threepence.

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Large Fau, for or copperplate printing, called Large Fan, of the value of four ditto, s. per teen Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the rcanl: dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Small Fan, for pr copperplate printing, called Small Fan, of the value of eleven dino, a a. 6d. Shillings par ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeo pr reami fions of twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Elephant, far or copperplate printing, called Elephant, of the value of fifteen ditto, »*. d, Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen pr; of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two Shillings and threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bank or Paper for bankers bills or notes, allowing two bilk or notes in each (heel, £ank notes two Shillings^foin proportion for a greater or less number8# per of bills or notes, in each.flicet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, printing Dou allied Double Demy, of the value of one pouod^aikd eighteen bie Demy, 5s. Billings per bundle, and upwards, and npt exceeding the dimen 6 d per bun fions of twenty six inches by thirty-eight ioohfcs and ah half, die dive Shillings and sixpence:

For every bundle of paper made.in Great Britain forprintipg, Printing roy called Royal of the value of one; pound and four Shillings per ft i. 6d. pfr bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions ofnine bundle; teen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a.quactcr, r

of

224

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [ 178 r.

of twenty inches by twenty six inches, three fttillings and sixpence;

Roy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing* ^ndp* ca^e<* oyat Inferior, of the Value of fourteen Shillings per bun u ei die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two Shillings:

Printing Me For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, VI Medium, of the value of one pound per bundle, and/up

per bundles warc|s> an(j not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, two Shillings and nine pence:

Printing Demy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Single, s. 6d. called Demy Single, of the value of seventeen Shillings per bun per bundle: anj upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen

inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, two Shillings and sixpence:

printingdemy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Demy Inferior, of the value of ten shillings per bundle, and 6d. per bun upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions ot seventeen inches d C and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and sixpence:

Printing d«k For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, ble Crown, called Double Crown, of the value of seventeen Shillings per bun ss. 4d. per die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty bundle: inches by thirty inches, two Shillings and fourpence:

Double Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Double Crown Inferior, of the value of twelve Shillings pet od. per bun bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, one shilling and nine pence: Printing Sin For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, glecrown, s. called Single Crown, of the value of thirteen Shillings per bundle, per bundle: and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches

by twenty inches, two Shillings:

Single Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Single Crown Inferior, of the value of eight Shillings per jd. per bun bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen d, cinches by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence:

prmrinotvmv For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, Tiflbe, 1 s. 3d. called Demy tijjite, of the value of eight Shillings per bundle, and per bundle: upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches

and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and threepence: Crown Tissue, For every bundle of paper made io, Great Britain for printing, iod. per bun called Crown Tijsue, of the value of five Shillings per bundle, and dh: upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen"inches by

twenty inches, ten pence: ': '> '

printingdou For every bundleof paper made m cvref britaih for printing, ble Pot 1 s. called Double Pott, of the value of nine Shillings psr bundle, and 6 d. per bun upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inch by twenty-five inches and an half; one shilling and sixpence r Cartridge, is For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Cart 9d. per ream! ridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by twenty six inches, one shilling and nine pence:

For

«5

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24.

For every ream of paper made in jGreat Britain, called Square Square Cart cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches

ream:

and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Small Small Cart cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a i. d quarter by twenty-four inches, one shilling and sixpence: rcam s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant ff

Cernttm, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by ja.^tream: twenty-eight inches, one shilling and thred pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Sugar Blue, Shty not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches and an« per ream: half by thirty-three inches, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, (mailer Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen perveam # inches and three quarters by twenty seven inches, one shilling p am' and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Demy Blue Demy Size not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen size», s h inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and three Perrcams pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Crown Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches size, f 3d. by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence:*rcam s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Purple Royal, Reyal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen and an half by per ream: twenty-four inches and a quarter, one shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue blueelepliant, Elephant, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches 1 s pr by twenty-eight inches, one shilling and sixpence: ream

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Royal, Reytdy not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an pr bun half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two Shillings: d, C

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue bjuederay Demy and blcjjomy not exceeding, the dimensions of seventeen buul inches by twenty-two inches, one shilling and threepence: die:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Crown Cram Single, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by sins, e 9<*. twenty inches, nine pence: pr bundle:

For every ream of whited brown paper made in Great Bri Roy! Hand tem, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the dimensions of Thick twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, ten per rcam:

pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri Royal Hand, lm % called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimensions of twenty, buo > four inches By nineteen inches and a quarter, one shilling: d e:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri lumberhand, torn, called Lumber Handy not exceeding the dimensions of twen*\per bun ty three inches by eighteen inches, one shilling:, te

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Sr Double Two tear, called Double Two Poundy not exceeding the dimensions.of Fotond, d twenty-four inches by fixtteninches, nine pence; t peruun e

0 for

2 J c

Single Two Pound, d. per bundles

Middle Hand Double, i a. 6d. per bundle:

Anno vicesimoi pciaur Georgii II. {178

For evciy bundle of whited brown paper, tna^e in Great Bri. ije, called Tui Band, not exceeding the dimeofions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, fourpence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty-one indies, one shilling and sixpence:

Middle Hand, For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri

9 d. per bun tain, called Middle Handy not exceeding the d'unenfipns of tweo ty two inches by sixteen inches, nine pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Brir tain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the dim^pfions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one shilling:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Green &rfr tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimwfions of pine teen inches and three quarters by sixteen inches, sixpence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the d mentions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of nine inches by seven inches and an half, fourpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britained Imperial Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty northwest inches by twenty-two inches, one ffailling:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, t&rtled 9d. per ream: f{<2v0h fopnot exceeding the dimenfiofts of twenty iwtf inches by twenty inches, nine pence

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of tweaty three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eight pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called'Kentish Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, sixpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called 6d. per ream: not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by

sixteen inches, sixpence:

Small Cap. 4d. For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain called Small Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, fourpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pouftds, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one shilling:

For every bundle of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding tyre dimensions ofsixteen inches by eleven inches, sixpence:

coupletpound For every bundle of br&wn paper made in Great Britain, called Pouiu^ d Goupks Pound and Half Pound, not exceedingriie*di»enfian$ of Der bundle*twelve inches by ten inched, atulof a ine inchat doyfiseven iaehes ?nd an half, fourpence:

Pifteboard, ' for every hundred weight paaeboard, millbo*td, ^fcetie mihboard, 4c. board, and glared paper, made in Great Britain for clothiers hundred hotprefitra, four (hil!ing^fiftd; dix[ipncc: and after ttofe weight. ' rates

die:

Small Hand Double, is. per bundles

Small Hand, 6d. per bundle:

couples Pound and Half Pound, 4d. per buudle:

Imperial Cap. is per ream:

Havon Cap.

jsagcap. Sd. per ream:

Kentish Cap. d. per ream:

Four Pounds,

per ream:

Double Four Pounds, 1 s. per ream s

Single Two Hounds, 6d. per bundle

Anno vicesimo primo geokqitfllfr. C 'ac iij

rates for any greater or less quantity of such papers, pasteboardt* millboards, and scaleboards, respectively;

Which said several rates and duties upon the said severs! Tprts Duties to he of paper, and other the commodities last naentianed, to be ipadepa'd by the in Great Britain, shall be truly paid by the makers thereof re maker j spectively, according to the dicnepgons, denominations, and values, in the several tables annexed, and herein before several iy described and expressed.

And for that better after taining* charging, collectings ra\jing % levying) and ft curings the said rates and duties by this act imposed be, ^it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the rate and der the m*by this act made payable upon paper, pasteboards, mill nagement of boards, and scaleboards, made in England, Wales or the towmof thecoremifli btrwiei upon 7uvr</, shall be under the receipt and management of the of and officers of his majesty's revenue of ex s^und cife in England for the time being $ and the rates and duties by respectively this act made payable upon paper, pasteboards, millboards, and fcakboards, made in Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of thq of and officers of his majesty's revenue of excise in Scotland for the time being; and all moneys arising by and in respect of the said rates and duties, the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted

shall be paid and applied to the same uses and purposes, and in like manner, and under such regulations, as the money arising by the duties hereby repealed were by the several acts appropriated unto and directed to be paid and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*that The new da'said several and respective rates and duties hereinbefore f1" to* granted on paper, pastetioard, millboard, and fealeboard, to be dvmnamuty made in Great Britain shall be moreover subject and liable tq of xo percent an additional duty or ipipost of ten pounds per centum on the on the pro produce and amount thereof; and that such additional duty ox duce thereof impost of ten pounds pir centym shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and means, penalties aru| forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds pet

(entum granted to his Majesty by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the fe verdl duties under that management of that respective of of the cvstoms and excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That What shall be a ream of paper chargeable by this act shall be understood to deemed a buo const of twenty quires, and each choir of twenty-four (beets, ^pap*r*lave and except the ream of double demy for newspapers, men and* tinned in table three, which shall be understood to consist ofq

twenty quires, and each choir to contain twenty-five (hects; and that a bundle of paper chargeable by this act shall be understood to consist of forty quires, and each choir to consist of Vot. XXXIII R twenty

228

All paper to be made up in reama and bundles, agreeable to the directions

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1781.

twenty-four (heets, except as before excepted; and that all sorts of paper of the respective dimensions and value of the paper chargeable by this act, under the respective denominations aforesaid, with the respective rates and duties hereby granted, shall be charged and chargeable with the same respective rates and duties, although the same denominations (by which they are now usually known) Should be altered, or by whatsoever other name or names, the same, or any of them, now are, or hereafter shall or may be called or known.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all paper whatsoever made in Great Britain shall, when perfectly made and fit for use, be made up, by the respective makers thereof, in reams, and in no other form or quantity, except only in such cases where the paper or papers so made are herein before directed to be made in bundles, and are rated ao

malty 50" c^ingty; and if any such maker of paper shall, at any tune, and forfeiture make up for sale any paper by him made in any other quantity of the paper, than in reams or bundles aforesaid, every such maker shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and also all the paper so made up contrary to the directions of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time hereafter It shall happen that any new fabric, or fort or kind of paper, other than such as are already known, and other than such as are enumerated and described in

or kind of pa tacs herein before mentioned, shall be made in Gnat per.^Britain, such paper or papers shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the several and respective duties which are by this act charged upon, and payable for the sorts of papers which are neared above in fixe and goodness to such new fabric, sort, or kind of paper, and the makers thereof shall pay the same accordingly; and if any such maker or makers of such new fa brick, sort, or kind of paper, shall neglect or refute to pay the duties so charged and chargeable on the same respectively, then, and in every such case, such papers shall be charged andchargeable with the duty after the rate of eighteen pounds per centum for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same, to be estimated, upon the oath or affirmation of the maker or makers thereof, in manner herein after directed; and the maker thereof shall pay the same accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the values of such paper made in Great Britain as is to pay duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, shall, in all cases, be taken to be so much as such paper shall be Worth to be sold, (so soon as the same is perfectly made), from time to time,

How the duties shall be paid for any new fabric

How the value of such paper shall be settled which

adv^kreat without respect to the duty to be charged thereupon)

*'and the collector of excise for the time being shall receive the said duties payable ad valorem, for such paper accordingly, upon the oath of the maker or makers of such paper, according to the best of their knowledge and belief, unless such maker be a known quaker; and the solemn affirmation of such maker to the same

cflfes,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. 229

eflfodk, in case he or (be be a known quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; which oaths and affirmations to ascertain the value of such paper so to be charged, and all other oaths by this act directed, fhati and may be administtred by the proper collector or supervisor of the district or division where such paper is made, without any fee or charge for the same.

IX. And for the more effectual preventing frauds that may be Excite officers practised in the valuation of any unrated papers, or of any new may examine fabric, or fort, or kind of papers which shall be charged and any Parccl ot chargeable with a rate or duty ad valorem in manner herein be vn fora directed and prescribed, and to the end that all makers of my* may be on an equal foot in trade; be it ena&ccf by the9aothority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of excise, under whole survey any such maker of paper shall then be, to open, view, and examine every parcel of paper so paying duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, and compare the same with the value and price thereof so sworn to or affirmed; and and fois, upon such view or examination, it shall appear that the paper beundtrvaiued is not valued, by such oath or affimation, at the true value and by the maker, price thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this my convey it act9 then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for office the said officer or officers of excise to take and detain all such Ca*and to cause the same to be carried and conveyed unto the office of excise next to the place where such paper shall be made, for the use and benefit of the crown; and the collector of excise for that cohesion shall, out of any money in his hands, pay to such maker of paper, upon demand, the value of such paper so sworn to or affirmed, togjether with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, over and above the value thereof so sworn or affirmed, taking a receipt for the same from such maker in full satisfaction for the said paper as if the same had been regularly sold; and it shall and may be lawful to and Such p*p*r to for the commissionera of excise for the time being, whether the* value of the paper sworn to or affirmed, together with the ten pounds per centum thereon, be demanded or not, and whether the receipts herein directed to be taken be given or not, to cause, said paper to be fairly and publicly sold, as soon as may be, for the best advantage; and out of the produce thereof, the Directions for money herein before directed to be paid or advanced for such dispofiogof paper shall be paid to such collector, to be by him replaced to the produce stich fund from whence he borrowed the same, provided the there°f* same shall have been by him To paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the same shall remain in the hands of the said collector until the maker of such paper shall demand the same, and shall give a receipt as is herein before directed to be taken for the same; and after deducing from the overplus, if any, the charges arising by the keeping and selling of such paper, the said commissioners of excise shall and may order the several and re jjpective officers of excise concerned in the examination and purchase of such paper to be paid, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty thefein, one moiety of the rest 2 mainder

*3° Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. 117th;

mainder of such overplus, (if any), and the other moiety thereof shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer, towards the sinking fund.

paper makers nd^urt^rna<sted by the authority aforesaid, That

to give written an cyery person and persons who shall at any time make nonces to the any paper In Great Britain, shall give or cause to be given rio oropcr officers tice in writing at the office for the duties on paper next to the p^ce where such paper shall be made, of their respective names hodc, if ore anc places of abode, and of every workhouse, storehouse, room and other place, by him, her, or them respectively made use iit or for the making, drying, or keeping of such paper, or of materials proper to be made into paper, and also of al! the mills, watts, presses, utensils, and vessels, used in the making the same, before they do presume to make any paper; and if any such person or persons who shall make any paper shall neglect to give or leave such notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall), for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Paper makers That, from and after the said twenty first day of May one to makcregu thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all and every person lar entries, on anj persons who shall make any paper in Great Britain, shall,

hoults, See.

on penalty of

5ol.

oath, every six weeks, of all paper, Sec. made by them]

on penalty of 301.

once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excise, of all the paper, pasteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, by him, her, or them, severally made fit for use within such six weeks respectively; entries shall contain the just kinds and true denominations, and real quantities thereof, and the value of all such paper as is dharged ad valorem, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath by the makers of such paper, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, or upon affirmation, as aforesaid, to be respectively taken and administered as this act prescribes in cases where the value of unrated paper is to be ascertained as aforesaid: provided that no maker of paper shall be obliged to go further than the market town next to the place where such paper or such boards shall be made, for the making of such entries, oaths, or affirmations, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every other person and persons, who shall make any paper in Great Britain, shall from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties for all such paper, pasteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, as shall by or for them respectively be made, so as to be St for use or sale, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty.

XILI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nlt^the'hou That aan ever.v the officers of dxcise shall at all times, by day fe, yards, or by night, and if in the night, then in the presence of a con imiu, see*of stable, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their request, ro ertter into the house, mill, yard, dying itouse, work houfts, or otha* place, belonging to or used by any

maker

Duties to be

paid within six tyeeks after entry.

paper rankers, and take

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 14* 231

maker or makers, of paper, pasteboards, millboards, or scale a account of

boards, in Great Britain, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as

to such officer or officers (frail seem most proper and convenient, 0 paper' C

to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper,

pasteboards, millbqards, and scaleboards, which shall have been

made by such maker or makers from time to time; and shall

thereof make a report or return, in writing, to the respective and make a

of of excise, or to such personas they shall respectreport thereof

lively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true copy of such fjon^0^1

report, under his hand, with or for the said makers or paper, if

such copy shall be demanded, in writing; and such report or return, of the officer or officers shall be a charge upon such maker or makers of paper respectively j and if the said officer shall refuse to give or leave a true copy of his report, in writing, at he time of taking such account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the spin of forty shillings to such respective maker.

XIV. Provided always, That every officer, who shall beem officerstobe powered to make such charge as aforesaid, shall, in the first place, sworn.

be sworn for the due and faithful execution of his office 5 and the oath on that behalf shall and may. be administered by all or any of the commissioners of excise, or by any justice of the peace paper makers ytho shall give to such officers a certificate thereof: and all and ^jkce#cpn^, ft every foqfr makers of paper, pasteboards, millboards, or scale and

boards, respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and assist officers just fades and weights, at the place or places, where he or she weighing do make the same, and permit and assist the officer to make use their ltoclu thereof, for the purposes aforesaid j and if any such maker or Penalty on makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fealeboard, shall, in using false tfre. Weighing of his, her, or their stock or flocks, make use of, weigfat*> qjc cqufe or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or inefficient icales or weights, then, and in every such case, the party offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; ?nd if any such maker shall neglejl to keep such feales and weights, ox (frail not permit and assist the officer in using such seal's and weights, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit ap*f Jose the sum of twenty pounds.

XV. And, for the better preventing of frauds, it is hereby, enabled. That all and every the officers of the said duties shall count o^ma*also be permitted to take an account of the quantities of rags, terialtfor Cordage, and other materials, for making thp said paper, which making paper (frail be in the custody.or possession of any such maker.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker of paper, pasteboards, millboards, or scale noixo remove boards, charged with the duties by this a eft imposed, shall re their paper, move carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or vntilthe sent away, any paper, pasteboards, millboards, or scaleboards, accounr by him, her, or them inde, until such time as the proper of thereof, C ficer shall have taken an account thereof, and of every particular rpam, and bundle of such paper, so to be removed, carried, or sent away j nor shall remove any paper in apy less quantities than in reams, or bundles, nor until every such ream and bundle of

2

on penalty of 501, and for ttiiure of the paper.

Paper may be removed tiom the mill where made to any other mill, to be sized, C with a proper certificate.

If any paper, &c. shall be lost or damaged in transporting the same to a different part of the kingdom, after the duty is paid, a proportional allowance shall be made to the proprietor, as settled by the quarter lcfii ons.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 14. [1781.

paper duly marked, as herein after i directed, to denote the charging of the duty payable for the same, upon pain of for fciting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and every such ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the same, and all such pasteboard, millboard, and scaleboard, that shall be found removing contrary tt^tho directions of this act, or without being so Ramped or marked to denote the charging of the said duties, shall be forfeited, am! (half and may be seized by the officer or officers of excise, who shall so find cr discover the same; and the horses, or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, used in the removing and carrying away any such goods, before the same shall be marked and Ramped as aforesaid, shall also be forfeited, and (halt and may be seized by any such officer.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to hinder any maker of paper from sending such paper from the mill where made to any other mill, to be sized, or finished fit for use, provided leave for that purpose be first obtained in writing from the commissioners of excise for the time being, and that notice thereof shall have been given to the officer of excise twenty-four hours at the leafi, in order that such officer may attend and take an account thereof 5 and provided such paper be removed with a proper certificate from an office of excise, expressing the quality and quantity; and when such paper shall have been so removed to the mill or place where the same is to be sized, or made fit for use, the same shall be under the like directions as to marking and Ramping, and all other matters and things, as if such paper had been finished and sized at the mill where made; and such paper maker shall, for the breach of any of the directions aforesaid, be subject to the like penalty as he would have been subject to if the said paper had not been removed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty first day of May one thou fanii seven hundred and eighty one, and after the duries by this act imposed on paper, millboards, pasteboards, and scaleboards, is paid by the maker, if any quantity of paper, millboards, paste boards, or scaleboards, shall unfortunately happen to be damaged by the casting away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper, millboards, pasteboards, or scaleboards, shall be transported frotri one part of this kingdom to another within the same, that the justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, where such accident shall happen, shall at the next general quarter sessions to be held for such county, riding, or division, upon proof of such damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage done to such paper, millboards, pasteboards, or scaleboards, by the calling away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the same shall be transported as aforesaid, and an allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a certificate under their bands and Teals of the sum allowed, which allowance shall bear

the

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24, 233

the same proportion to the whole duties as the said damage shall appear to bear to due v*lue of the said paper, millboards, paste boards, or scaleboards, before the same was so damaged > upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed tocolloft the said duties, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said proprietor or proprietors, out of the duties paid for the said paper, millboards, pastefatiards, or (cateboards, so much money as the him certified say the said justices (hah amount unto, or, in default thereof; that the proprietor or proprietors of the said paper, millboards, pasteboards, or scaleboards, shall and may deduct the allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent moneys becoming due from fcich proprietor or proprietors by virtue of this present al

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid - where any such loss or damage shall Notice to be happen as aforesaid, the person or persons who shall sustain the f^e&or pre same shall, three days at Lead before the next quarter sessions, vj0o» to the give or leave notice in writing thereof with the collector of ex application to cife of the district ot couodion where such lost or damage shall the quarter happen, andofhisaod their intention of applying, at the next few general quarter sessions of the peace, for an allowance in respect of fisch damage or loss.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty first day of May, one paper makers thousand seven hundred and eighty one, every such maker of to give notice paper, whole wockheufe or workhousea is or are situate in any ^tohave1* city or market townhall, at lead twenty-four hours before be ^eir paper, intends to remove any paper, pasteboard, millboard, or calc Sec. charged board, give, or cause to be given, to the officer of excise under with the duty, whole furwey such maker of paper shall then be, a notice in writing of tfad particular hour or time of the day when he or she intends to have his or her paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fcalc board, charged with the duty; and every, other maker of paper, whoso worfchouse or workhousea it not XX are not situate in any city or market townhall, at least forty-eight hours before he or she intends to move any paper, give, or cause.to be given, a like notice ia writing; and in case any such maker of paper shall not, at the hour and time mentioned in such notice, or within doe hour after; produce to the officer all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard, then to be changed with the duty, then every such notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void, and every such; maker.of paper shall be obliged to give a fteih and like notice before he or she shall so remove any fitch goods.

XXI. And it isliereby further enacted by the authority afore Officers to str said. That the officer for the duties on paper shall, from time to agweaue time, attend agreeable to the notice to be given as aforesaid; and 0 notw*when and so soon as such officer shall bp at such workhouse, or when the Within one hout after, every such maker of papteh, Or his of her are servant or servants, shall, and they are hereby required to pfd the?rstock in ue and bring to such. officer all the pkper, pasteboard; mill tended to be

R 4 boards charged;

?3*

Penalty on paper makers who shall fraudulently mark any ream or bundle of paper brought to the officer to be charged

Officer to (lamp such as are justly marked.

Penalty on obstrocting officer in examining bundles C

maker

to keep such paper, #1

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C4. £ 17?t.

board, and fealeboard, then intended to be charged; which pa per shall be brought indofed and tied up with strong thread or Axing, in several coarse covers or wrappers, containing one ream nr 'bundle of paper each, and not more or less; and on each such cover or wrapper there shall already be marked or printed by the maker of such paper, or by his or her fervent, i large legible characters, and in words at length, thetruedenomitsation of the paper therein enclosed, and in which table the lame is rated, if such paper be an enumerated paper; and if such; paper so enclosed, be not an enumerated paper then the true value of such paper shall be markedor printed in manner as aforesaid on the cover orwrapper enclosing the same.

XXII. And, to prevent frauds which may bepradtifed by makers of paper, in not putting the true denominations or values respectively on such covers or wrappers, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer for the duties on paper, at all times, when any Teams or bundles of paper, tied up in wrappers or covers and marked as aforesaid, shall be brought to him to be charged, to untie and open every or any of the said reams or bundles, and; to take from, and out of any of the quires ip every such ream or bundle, by way of sample, one or more sheet or (heets of paper, not exceeding one sheet out of each choir, paying (if demanded) for each sheet, to.taken away the fom of one penny; and if such officer shall iffifeover in any such ream or bundle any paper or papers of a different denomination, or of different value, than was marked by the maker, or his servant, on the f cover.or wrapper in which such paper was respectively enclosed, then and in such case every such ream and bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Teheed by such offeree; and the maker of such paper shall, for every such offence, forfeit and Jofb the sum of fifty pounds. .0:

xxiii. And be it further enacted, That when and so foonas the officer attending to charge such paper shall besatisfied, that each ream and bundle of paper so broughttobe charged properly tied and enclosed, and that the paper therein.is.really of the denomination or value marked on the coyeror wrapper, he shall. forth with (lamp or mark each and every such ream and bundle, by affixing thereon such mark, (lamp, impression, or device, as the respective commissioners of excise shall direct or appoint for that purpose.

XXIV.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any such officer opening or examining any such ream or bundle of paper, or in taking such samples as aforesaid, or in executing any of the powers or authorities by this act given and granted, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XX Vw And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ipaker of paper as aforesaid shall, from time to time, keep all ttie paptr, part e board, millboard, and scaleboard, by

- hi ip,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. -0*24. 135

him, her, or them respectively madev and which shall not have hat not been been charged and (parked as aforesaid by the officer for the du ties on paper, separate and apart froqi all other paper and other from all commodities aforesaid which hatjfi bfeo charged and marked by other (tock the said officer, for the space of forty-eight hours after making which has the same fit for use, unless such, paper and other the; goods lad*mentioned shall have been sooner charged and walked by the faer/

said officer, on pain of forfeiting tfietum of twenty pojindsfor, each offence.,: .; t

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on

That if any such: maker of paper ffiajl fraudulently hide or con fraudulently ceal, or cause to be hid or concealed apy paper, pasteboard, mill coiurealmr; board, or scaleboard, chargpabieby this act, or any materials for jr

nuking the same, to the intent to deprive his Majesty of his any materia just duties by this act granted, the party so; offending (nallj.for for making'every such offence, forfeit and lofethe Aim of fifty pounds; the same, and all paperr past^hoard, millboard and fealeboard, whether

periled or imperfect» ?nd all materials and utensils for making ihelame, which dull be found, so concealed, or which shall be found and discovered in aqy privateyvorkbouse, warehouse, dryr ingrpom, or other place, for making, keeping, or dryiqg thp lame, for which nq entry.shall be made, or notice given,; as by the Statutes in Xpch c*fe made is required*.fh$)l be forfeited, an (hailed may be feiz^d by any officek^dr officers of, excise;

And be it further enstded by the authority aforesaid, The whole

That all the paper, pasteboard, mjjlboard, and fealeboard, and all stock in trade the materials and, utensils for the making thereof, in the jcustody ofpapw^mak of m makeror. ma^css thereof, pr of ny person or p, rf«>s to a, tfiepfeof, ortn trust for them^pr qpyof them, shall b4qj liable amj duties on am) fuj>jed to, and are hereby madech ratable with, all the debts paper, paste 204! duties for p?per, p^ftehoard, miuhbsn of and fealeboard made,

in^rrear and jqgby such ma&ei; makers for any suchgoqds adcbyt "e, n forjoade by him, pgr, or them, or in his, her, or their workhouse,

warchpyfe, qrptfier place; apd, shall alfct be subject to all penalties and(of|citi)res incurred by such maker or makers of paper, pr other personfo ugng such workhouse or other place, for any offence ag^inst this act relating to the said duties, on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard j and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to.k*y,; tfebts and penalties ape such proceedings as may lawfully be dqne in relation tojpaper, ]; r

ia^the; debtors or offenders were true lawful owners or the (ames.

XX VIIJ. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Commission fcid, That the commrifioners for managing; the duties on p*per ers to provide made in Great Britain shall, on or, before the twenty first day of stamps for May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, provide pro camping such per stamps, marks, fitppre(iions, or devices, for marking or lamp j^j, b.c. ing of all paper tp.be made in gnat.britain, and by this act duty is paid; directed to be stamped or marked, to denote the duties charged thereon; and shall cause such (lamps, marks, impfessions or devices, to be distributed to the respective officers for; he pur a poses

and also different ft amp for tamping au lock in hand made before the commencement of this

ar

All paper, at the end of two months from the commencement of this act, that (halt be removed from one place to another without a proper stamp, shall be forfeited.

Penalty on counterfeiting any stamp made in

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. £ 17j r,

poles before mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined ami required, in doing the same, to do no hurt or damage to the paper enclosed in any ream or bundle to be so marked or stamped; which marks, impressions, or devices, or any of them, shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as the said respective of shall judge to be most proper for the pw* poses aforesaid.

XXIX. And, for the mote effectual securing the duties by this act granted, and to the end that the paper made in Great Britain before the commencement of this act may net he improperly seized, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective commissioners of excise shall, on or before the twenty first day of May, one thousartd seven hundred and eighty one, provide proper marks or (lanips for marking BLOCK of paper in the hands of any maker or makers of paper, or in the hands of any other person of person for their use, and shall at ah times, within two months from the commencement of this act, at the request and desire of any such maker or makers of paper, order and direct the proper officer for the dta ties on paper to (lamp or tnark each and every ream and bundle of paper which shall have befen made in Great Britain at my titne before the commencement of this act, and then remaining in the custody or possession of such maker or makers, or of any other person or persons for (heir use, with such mark, stamp, impression, or device, as to such of shall appear most proper for that purpose; such Mark, impression, stamp or device, differing from the mark, (bmp, impression, dr device, hereby directed to be provided for damping and marking paper made after the said twenty fitft day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; proof being first made, tipon oath, that all such paper was really and few pit made in Great Britain before the commencement of this act, and that the duties lave been duly charged thereon; and all paper (b marked and stamped, in pursuance of such orders and dirtftions, shall and maybe removed, sold, and disposed of, in like matinef as if the same had been made since the commencement of this act, and ah the directions thereof fully complied with, anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby sort her enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of the said two months, ail paper in reams or bundles, 'that shall be found removing from one place to another within this kingdom, without foot respective marks, stamps, impression, or device, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise who Stall so discover or find the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such stamp, mark, Impression, or device, which shall be provided and made use of in pursuance of this act; of shall utter, vend, or feh, any paper with such counterfeit, stamp, mark, impression, or device

' thereon,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44.'

hereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall, upon f "»ncef|jhi* any ream or bundle of paper which has not been duly entered k ", n8 with the proper officer, and for which the duties have been du m£jced witha ly charged, six or place any cover or wrapper, having thereon counterfeit the impression of any stich stamp, mark, impression, or device j ttai "pic or shall, wrap or cover any ream or bundle of such paper in any cover or wrapper that had been used before; then' every such, so offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds, dnd shall also be com..: ..:, -

to the next county gaol, there to remain for twelve months'"

without bail or ffiainpnze.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or board) C for persons who shall have actually paid his majesty's duties by this which te da ad payable upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fcuteboard, northeast have been made in Great Britain; and to and for any other person and pawed)on persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intirted unto, any such pa gim^toeurity per or goods lad mentioned, so made in Great Britain, from the that it (bail person or persons who actualty paid the duties for the same, to* rc*n "* export such paper, pasteboard, millboard, or scaleboard, to any*' puts beyond the seas by way of nverchandiiti giving'urfficient security before the shipping thereof, that the particular quantity so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which security the collector at the port of exportation shall take in his majesty's name, and to his

tife.

XXXIII. Provided always, That if, after the shipping of'any such paper, or other commodities last mentioned, and (lib perse be

or tendering such security as aforesaidi in Order to obtain islanded in rawback herein after mentioned, the same, or aqypart Great Britain, thereof, shall berelanded in any part of Great Britain, 4>acthen h.lhidl be far and in every such case, over aha above the penalty of thehond, ft, ted which shall be recovered and levied to his majesty's uft, all the hid paper and commodities Which shall bp foyrel?acted, or.

the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXXIV. And it is hereby ertacted, That the person who Drawback to shall so export any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, or scale beafiowedon board, as aforesaid, shall or may make proof upon path or by tfoanation respectively, as aforesaid, that the duties thereof have mfteboanc*btttf paid, (which oath or affirmation the collector who received sc. on the«thie uid duties is hereby empowered and required to administer) j portwvnwk snd thereupon the collector or commissioner of the said port SI of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, paid, expressing the true qualities and kind of the commodities so exposed i and the exportation thereof being certified jay the Marcher upon the said debenture, the collector of cyclic appointed to receive the duties upon paper^so the county or place where the lame was exported, upon producing the said debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay, to the person so exporting the foae, of hie agent, the whole of the duties which had been paid

C

3y

38 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. g.24. f 1781-

for the said paper so exported as aforesaid;, if such collector Yhal) not have mpney, iq husbands to pay such debenture, then the respective commissioners for the duties on paper are hereby required to pay, or cause to be. paid, the said debenture, out of /, V any moneys arising from thedupes imposed by tips a ft on paper made m Great Britain.

XXXV. And, the more effectuallyto prevent, the relanding Exporter to such paper, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thevw/of That, from and after the t^pfy first day of May one thousand ficerof the seven hundred and eighty ooe*.all and every person that shall customs when export any paper for which a drawback is to be allowed by this and where he aft fh^h, before he or they ship any such papery give notice in the*s^' writing to the proper officer or officers of the customs, to be exported appointed by the respective of of the customs for. that purpose, when and wherjfbe will put up the said goods in'order to be exported; anefthe laid commissioners of the customs direction* for^hereby im'powered and directed to cause such officers to take bdo^afficera. case t0tee that the stamp, mark, impression, or device, put on. K. eac^ ream or bundle of paper, according to the directions of this act je taken off from every ream pr bundle so intended to be" exp^rted^ aria the said officet shall take an account of the quanthrcf anjd mds of the gopd$ so intendpd^tpbe exported, fend.mslceq^urp thereof to the officer that shall be appointed by the said chiwfiffionerv to receive the same without fee or reward for so doing.,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the apthprity afore

ing (baij, pr every such offence reflectively, Forfeit and lose the sum ot fifty bpundi.

.*XXVII 'And be it further enacted by the authority afore

All the powers said, Tljat all nd every, the powers, directions, rules penalties, granted by forfeiture?, ftiiufe$*iriatters. and things, which In and by an act, for^evvlnx made in the twelfth year of the reign of ifcing Charles the sc cojlo6bpg, 4w. cond, (entitled An al fir'taking away the eoiir^ of wards and the duties of tiveriis, and tenures n crfpite and by knights service and purveyance excise on beer, end for settling a revenue upon bfofyldjejiy in lieu thereof), or by be*ra&ifahn y other law^riaw in force relating to his majestyv revenue of

otherpenahies orprovisions arelpade and prefchbed by this act), (half be pfaftjfed, 'Used? ahd'butvm execution, in and for the managing, Yaifing, levying, cpfle$ing, mitigating, recovering apd paying the said duties upon papes, and othtir the commodities last fflenfidhed, hereby'gracted, is fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, 'rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, tnatters, ind things, werp particularly repeated so this prefem aft; XXXVIII And

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. fj9

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority a sore

feid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the Penalties and

said duties by this act imposed upon paper, and upon pasteboard::

and scaleboard, shall bofuerf for, levied, recoveted, or Covered and

mitigated, by such ways, means and methods, as any penalty or applied.

forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws

of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in

any of his majest/s Courts of record at Westminjitk or in the

court of session, court of judiciary or court of exchequer, of

Scotland respectivcty, as aforesaid and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (the said penalty on thef officer

for not giving or leaving a copy of his charge as aforesaid, only

excepted) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or theitt that (halt dtfeover, inform, or

fuefor the same.

Provided always, and it is hereby eifoftefd, That commifroners

such persons as in pursuancoof this act shall be commissioners under this act for the said duties on the fever?! sorts of paper, andothetthe England, commodities last mentioned, to be toad in England Wales', 2nd ^e°^wera the town of Berwict'upon Tweed, shall h&tetheftracjurifiiiftiort, as the com power, and authority, and may adjudge; ? determine, mitigate, missioner of and order, in all cases and matters relating to the same duties exciseupon arising within the limits aforesaid, as the commissioner9 of ex °*"cr

eifeupon beer and other liquora may or can lawfully exercise, quadjudge, determine, 'mitigate, or order, in the like ©afosor mat

ters in relation to the fold duties of excise, by any laver Statute now in force.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of learning, so much A drawback money as shall from time to time be paid for the: duties granted to be allowed by this act for any quantities of paper which shall be ufod in the printing any books in the Latin, Greet, oriental, or northern cambridgefor languages, within the two Universitiea of Oxford and Cambridge, all books they or either of them, by permission of the vicechancellors of the shall print In same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Latin, Greek, manner following; (that is to say), The chief manager of the C prese in each of the said universuies, shall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before the vice-chancellor, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper soused, anefhow much the duties thereof, payable*by this act, doth amount to; which said oath in writing being certified by the vice-chancellor, and produced to the lord treasurer, or of of the treat fury for the time being, the said lord treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, shall forthwith from time to time issue his or their orders or warrants to the respective of who.by this act are to manage the duties upon paper,to cause payments be madcof such money as thedu tics payable by this act for the paper soused in the printing of J

the said books in the said universuies as aforesaid shall amount % to, the same payment to be made, without fee or charge whatsoever.

*49 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 14.

[178t.

fotver, and without delay, to such person or persons at the said respective vicechancellors shall authorise and appoint to receive the (ante, out of any of the duties upon paper anting by this act j anything in this aid contained to the contrary notwith' (landing.

xll. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Drawback to aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of learning (o much as be allowed the shall from time to tinscbe paid for the duties granted, by this act Scotlandfor or any <lu*nt't'* of paper which shall be uied in the printing all frwfrt they any books in the Latin, Goriental, or northern languages, ihsil print in within the universities of Stetland, or any of them, by perroission Latin, Greek, of the principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn* bank and repaid in manner following $ (that, is to say). The

chief manager of the profs in the said universities shall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before the principal, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper soused, and how much the duty thereof payable by this act doth amount to t which oath in writing being certified by the said principal and produced, the lord treasurer of Great Britain, or the lords of of the treasury for the time being, shall forthwith, from time to time, issue his or their orders or warrants, to the respective of who by this act are to manage the duties upon paper, to cause payment to be made of so much moneys as the duties upon the paper soused in the printing of the said hooka in the find universities of Stetland shall amount to j the lame payments to be made, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and without delay, fofach person or persons as the said respective principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the duties upon paper arising by this act in Stetland; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mteboard

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That "hidiha?midi pe^oa^ made in Great Britain of paper which shall have paid die duty, not the duties charged and chargeable by this act, shall not be to be charged charged with any further or other duties, by virtue of this act, again. upon the pasting or annexing together the (heets of such paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of palteboard or passed paper.

Persons sued

XLIII. And it i hereby etiaded. That if any person or per.

fs* molested, or prosecuted, for anything done

may plead the ty yhtue or in pursuance of this act, such person and persons general issue, shall and may plead the general issue, and shall give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall dil continue his action, or be nonfoited, or judgement shall be given against him upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant and recover or defendants (halt have treble coda to him.er them awarded treble costs. against such plaintiff'.

TABLES

TABLES mentioned and referred to in this Act.

FIRST TABLE. yaliw/<rrt*fn, Not exceeding Duty

and the sir

DENOMINATION. - - upwards. pimenfions of Ream.

WUTIKO. C 4. Inches Inches /- L

Imperial — — — 1. 11 0 it by 30490

Super Royal - — — 1 18 f7 i 6 9

Royal — — — 190 f 24, 5' 0

Medium - 1 2 .6 2*1 4 0

Demy — — 0 16 .0 20 2 9

Thick Post — —; — — >3 0 Sf t 2 3

Thin Post - 10 0. 'if L 1 9

Small Post - 7 63? 16! I 3

Pools Cap — — 0? 03? >6* 1 6

Pott — — 0 6 0 its5* 1 0

SECOND TABLE. 1 -:

Writing or copper plats

Printing,

Doable Atlas — — — 5 0' 0 55 i 30 0

Deaf — — — 0 ta e 20 1 9

Copy, or Bastard — — — 7 6 16 i 1 0

fooucap — — — 0 6 0 II i 0 10

Littris Fools Cap — — 0 6 0 13 i i 0 10

Pott: - — 6 4. 0. 12| 151 0 8

Grad Eagle, or Double Elephant 4 P 0 26i 40 11 0

Lolombicr — — 2 (O 0 t 34t 7 0

Atlas — — — 3 0 0 z6i 34 10 0

Atlas — — — 2 0 0 26^ 34 6 6

Small Atlas — — — 1 10 0 i; 3« 5 0

Imperial — — 1 10 0 22 3o4 4 9

Soper. Royal — — — 1 5 0 II7» 3 6

Long Royal — — 1 0 0 27i it 3 0

Royal — — — 0 18 0 II4 2 6

Demy — — — 0 ij 0 17 22 1 9

Short Demy, or Crowns — j 090 514 < or toil 1 3

L _ _ I ls 20 S

Large Fan — Small Fan — — 0 0 H 11 0 0 i aa 2qi 13i 2 1 0 6

Elephant — — — 0 S 0328 2 3

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills

ear Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and foin

Proportion for any greater or V

leu Number of Buis or Notes

in each Sheet, — 2 0

THIRD TABLE. DENOMINATION.'1 j -^Value ter Bundle, and upwards. f Not exceeding Dimensions of Duty F Bundle.

Printing. C J. d. Inches Inches /. i

Double Demy — — — T ib 0 26 tyr s 6

Royal — — 1 1 4 — 0 CI 3 6

I Royal inferior — — — O n 0 Jao 26 34? 1 0

Medium - 1'0 — 0 >8.3 t 9

Demy Single — — O7 - -0 f7: — 22 1 or, C t 6

Demy inferior — — O VO 07* -82 1

Double Crown — — — O 17 -0 20- 30 2.

Double Crown inferior — — O 12 0 20 30 1 si

Single Crown — — — O3 0 'S 20 2 a

Single Crown inferior — — O 8 0 >5 20 t J

Demy tiltue — — — 0 8 O: i 22 1 }

Crown Tissue — — — 5 O s 20 0 19

Double Pott — — — 09O7 1 6

FOURTH TABLE. -- - DI

Ordinary and Coloured. Cartridge - 21 26 Re I ft IN

Square — — '- i Si 2 & 6 I

Cartridge — — Elephant common - 3,4 2*" 1 1

Sugar Blue - LI 33 2 C

Sugar Blue, smaller Size — — ' — - 18j7 1 1

Sugar Blue, Demy Size — — — 7* n 1

Sugar Blue, Crown Size — > — >5 20 1

Purple Royal - i4* 1 9

Blue Elephant — — 33 28 1

Blue Royal — — 2

Blue Demy and Bloflom — — p — 17 22 i

Blue Crown Single —: ST, 20 0

FIFTH TABLE. DENOMINATION. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Duty Ream.

Whited Browns, and Browks.

Inches Inches 4.

Royal Hand Thick — - — 24 by 19^ 0 10 sirbundle.

Royal Hand - 24 igi 1 0

Lumber Hand — — — ' — — 23 l8 1 0

Double Two Pound - 24 l6 .0 9

Single Two Pound - l6 II 0 4

Middle Hand Double — — 33 21 1 6

Middle Hand - 22 16 0 9

Small Hand Double - 32 20 1 0

Small Hand - i6 f 12 IO 7 0 6

Couples Pound and Half Pound — — 3 and t C9713 0 per R 4 earn.

Imperial Cap — — —; ' — 29 22 1 0

Ha von Cap - 24 20 0 9

ag Cap - 23t >9 0 8

Kentish Cap - 21 18 0 6

Four Pounds - 20 16 0 6

Small Cap - 20 15 33 ao 0*4

Double Four Pounds — — — 1 0

- Single Two Pounds - 16 -. it f 12 10 7 sjrbundle.

0 I 6

Couples Pound and Half Pound — — 3 and t 0 14.

Paiteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Glazed I97*3 per Hund. Weight.

Paper for Clothiers and hot prefters — — + 1 1 6

z44 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25, 26.

[17s1.

CAP. XXV.

An act to indemnify such persont as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments j and Co indemnify justices of the peace, or others, Who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time lor those purposes $ to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law or Jiaving been damped, have been tailor roiflaid j and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attormes and folicltort.

[Preamble.]

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to A 1 Geo. 1. Act 13 Car. z. Ad 15 Car. a, Ad 30 Car. a, Ad 8 Geo. 1. Ad9 Geo. a Ad x8 Geo. 1. and act.6_geo. 3, before the passing of this act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 15, 178s, qualify themselves, fhiu be ipdemnified against forfeitures. Not to indemnify any person lor any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing appointment and admissions before Dec. s5, 17*1, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, See. may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and rtiall be indemnified Irons all pdiaities and damages incurred by reason of omissions. v_hlot to expend toreftore "persons to atw office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall camfe affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1781* aoe indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be la demnified, may plead the general mue.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain placet

within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, to be imported into Great Britain, or Ireland m British or foreign vejjek from any place whatsoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and cotton wool imported into this kingdom in foreign hips orvtfels, during lie present hostilities.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliment made in the twelfth year Recital of the of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An a navigation act for the encouraging andlncreasing of shipping and navigation, is Car. a. all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, or any part thereof are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ijlanis of Guernsey and Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed»shipping, or other shipping belonging to some of the aforesaid places, whereof the master, and three fourths of the mariners at leas, are English, and are not to be shippedand brought fromaot other place or places, country or countries, but only from those of tap said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports when the said goods and commodities can only, or are, or usually have been firs shipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty and forfeiture of the ship and goods, excepting in some particular cases provided by the said act: and whereas, by the find in part recited act, it is also enacted, That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or of... a any

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 26. 245

fifty f the countries, dominion;, or territories, to the great duke or

emperor of Mbfcovy or Russia belonging; as dlfo that no fitts of / '

jmf s, timber, or boards \ no'foreign sap, piteh, iar, rofm, hemp, or

fiax, raijins/fgsy prunes, ol 'rbe oils; no sort of corn or gttiin*fugav't

pot ashes, wines, vinegar, or/pints caned Aqiia Vitae, or Brandy

Wine, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wdlesi of tmn

Berwick upon Tweed, inanf hip dr ships, Vejfil or vtfehibul ih '1

facb as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thertbf, dr

same <rf them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof # < >'

the ntaster, and three fourths of the mariners at' least, dr Edgltfh;

and that no currants, or commodities of the growth, product, or met,

of any of the countries, islands, domtnbns, or territories.

the Ottoman or Turkirti empire belonging, shall be imported into

any of the fore mentioned places in any slip or vesselbtit Which dr of

jlnpjfti bjtilt, and navigated as cfoye/aid, and in no Otherr esieepiokt)

facb foreign ships and vesselsas are of the built of that country Ot place

of which the said goods are the growth, product tort, or manufacture

respectively, or of such port where the aid goods'can only be, or most

usually are first slipped for transportation, and Whereof the dndferi

and three fourths of the mariners at leas, are of the aid country tir '

place, under the penalty and forfeiture of slip and goods e and whereas

fever/a of the articles in the jdid aft, and heiyw^before particularly. r

enumerated, being the growth Or production Of fibte of the plates or

ibutftfies Within the Levant or Mediterraneanfins, cannot be now imported directly from thence jvbritish vejfils without great hazard of

capture by the enemies, and much expence'of infirame to the merchants trading tokthis kingdom \ and 'it has been found necessary, during he r::

bo/iilities with France, Spain, and ihe fates general of the United Provinces, ^temporary laws which are now in forte, to sit spetid, in some degree, theflrift regulations prescribed by the said recited act; and it'isfurther expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increase of the public revenue, to permit, for a limited time, ten dtr certain 'refriftiotis, various articles of the growth, productions or maniffacture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities v>bich are enumerated in the before recited act, which are of the growths ptodust, or manufacture, of places or countries within the Streighrs or Levant Jeas, to be imported into this kingdomv or thg kingdom of Ireland, in foreign vessels, although such goods are not slipped and brought dir eftly from the place or country of their growth, production, or manufacture, or from the ports or places from whence such goods are, or usually have been, sirs slapped for transportation: it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and bfe it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cothmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June, After June t, one thousand seven hundred and eighty open, it shall and may be 17*1 lawful for any person or persons admitted into, and made free^of, the company of merchants of England trading into the Levant comp?mrmay seas, commonly called or known by the name of The Turkey injportinto Company, to import into Great Britain or Inland any goods or Great Britain

§ 2 com gc tolacd an

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2 [1781.

jesty.

What duties shall be paid for goods so imported.

goods usually commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from imported from 7* or Egypt) or from any place within the dominions of the eithertn Bri grand seignior within the Levant Teas, in any ship or vessel built tioi ships, or or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated accord ships belonging to law; or ip any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or jug to any state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated with his^a? forc*6n seamen, from any port or place whatsoever, upon payment of the same duties, it imported into Great Britain, as the like goods would be subject and liable to if imported in british ships directly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if such goods shall be imported in any foreign built ship or vessel, then, and in such case, the goods so imported shall be subject to the aliens duties, if such goods would have been subject and liable thereto if this act had not been made; anything in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and ft is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no entry shall be fuffeted to pass at the custom house for any such goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the dominions of the grand seignior, as before the first day oijune* one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, might be imported only from such ports or places in the Streigbti or Levant seas as are' within the dominions of the grand seignior, and which, by the autho ing free rity of this act, are permitted to be imported in manner afore; Turkey said, until the person importing or entering the same hall produce to the coliedor, or other proper officer of his majesty's customs, at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand of the coliedor of the duties for the said Turkey company, certifying such person is free of the said company, and that he has paid the duties imposed on such goods by the said company, and has conformed in all respects to the rules and regulations of the said company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, any goods or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any place or country within the Streigbti or Levant seas, which have been heretofore usually imported from any port or place in Europe, within the (heights of Gibraltar, except such goods or commodities as 1*= might heretofore be imported only from such ports or places as ionging to any re within the dominions of the grand seignior, shall and may, it ate in amity during the continuance of this act, be imported and brought, with his Ma by any person or persons whatsoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any port or place whatsoever, not being within the dominions of the grand seignior, in any ship or vessel, bgilt in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to law, or in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state w, amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated with rbalm^c paid foreign mariners; upon payment of the same duties, if imported for fi.cfi*into Xjreal Britain, as the like goods would be subject and liable V d. to

No entry to pass for any goods the growth of Turkey, See. until the importer shall produce a certificate of his bein, of the company, Seel

After June i, 1781, goods usually imported from the Mediterranean, may be imported in biitish ships, or ships be

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 26. 247

to if imported directly from the place of their growth, producti on, or manufacture, excepting drugs of the growth of, or which have heretofore been usualty imported from, Turkey or Egypt, pr any of the dominions of the grand seignior within the Levant seas, which, if imported by any person or persons not free of the Turkey company, shall be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the place of their growth and production, if this act had not been made; and if any such goods (hah be imported in any foreign built ship or vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall be subject to the aliens duties, if such goods would have been fub jecfc and liable thereto by law if this act had not been made; anything in the said recited act, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore All cotton and said. That for and upon all cotton and cotton wool, whifch shall fotton"°°* be imported into this kingdom in any foreign ship or vessel,

ikpfa unfa kie C ____9

down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; apd shall be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner as ^ditsona?16 the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Juty o^by an act made in the nineteenth year of hi present cent, agreea majesty reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty adit ble to cap. 45, tional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage of theoth ment of the respective of of the fujiom and excise in Great Britain. jesty.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore w drawback said. That no part of the said duties herein before granted shall tobeahowed be repaid or drawn back upon the re exportation of the said on the re excotton or cotton wool; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, portation of collected, recovered, and paid, ip such manner and form, and C "on F. by such ways and means, and under the like penalties and for co on feitures, as the duty of customs, commonly called The Old Sub

ftdy % is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject or liable to by any act or acts of parliament nqw in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, and provisions in such acts had beep repeated Duties to be and enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties paid into the herein before granted shall from time to time be paid into the «chequer, receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distincuy and apart from all other branches of the public revenue, and shall be (b kept apart How to be in the said receipt of exchequer as a fund for the encouragement applied of the growth of cotton in his majesty's Leeward islands, and for encouraging the importation thereof into Great Britain, in such way and manner as parliament shall hereafter direct.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Continuance aid, That this act shall continue and remain in full force during of this act.


24$, Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 27.. [ir.:

he prefcrtt hostilities with France, Spain, and the dates general of the United Provinces, or either of them.

CAP. XXVII.

A act to permit, during the present hostilities, the importation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese vessels\ and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral ships and vessels.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several articles cannot, by reason of the present hostilities, be imported in British shipping, navigated according to the laws now in force, without great hazard and expehce to tty importers thereof: and whereas yt will tend to the general accom violation and advantage of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom if some temporary relief be given in the premises; for remedy whereof,; may it please your majesty that it may be enacted; ami be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and.consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the frommay ifj authority of the same, That, from and after the twentyrflrrf day 1781. Porrn of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and durj. ^t^hctrn continuance f this act, it shall and may be lawful for

ponectinto any person or persons to import any goods or commodities, of Great Britain the growth, production, or manufacture of any island, colony, or or Tttland in plantation, belonging to, or under the dominion of, the crown

into Great Britain or Ireland, in any Ship or vessel vc C s belonging to any of the subjects of the crown of Portugal, from

any pprt or place in Portugal, or the western islands, commonly called The Azores or Madeira funds; any law, cuilom, or usage, the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaief,

ini °^8 rom aru* aler twenty first day of May, one thou

ptnethntny send seven hundred and eighty one, and during the continuance neutialvefle.s, of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain or Ireland all sorts of wool and barilla, and jesuits bark, and linen yarn, from any country of place whatsoever, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or slate in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign seamen; law, custom, of usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the goods rm authority aforesaid, That such goods as are, in pursuance of this ported in so act, imported into Great Britain, in any foreign ship or vessel, r^ign vessels ^ass fabjcdl and liable to the aliens and all other duties, in dutie*!°, CDI ^amc manner a they would be liable to by law if such ships

were of the built of the country of which the goods are the growth, production, or manufacture.

Continuance

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore of this act. ftid. That this act shall have continuance during the present

hostilities

I

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 28. 249

hostilities with Frame, Spain, and the United Provinces, or eithefr of them, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when warehoused upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with respect to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the Tile of Man.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled An act for more effectually supplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with eo

such coarse printed calicoes, and other goods of the pfodudt or manufacture of the East Indies, dr other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain j for encouraging the importation of bugles into, this kingdom j for the better supply of the export trade thereof; and for discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thenee to the ljle of Man \) it is amongst other things, enacted and provided. That if such bugles as shall be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and secured its such warehottfe belonging to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as in and by the aid rutted oft is prescribed, shall not be either exported, or the full duties paid for the same, within five years from the importation thereof, but shall then continue and be still remaining in the said warehouses, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the tommission ers of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of them,

to cause the said bugles, so remaining, to be publicly sold in manner and for the purposes therein prescribed: And by an Other aft, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the term granted by the said first recited act was enlarged to ten years: And whereas it has been usual to export such bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the british colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the disturbances and rebellion in several of those colonies, great quantities of such bugles do now remain warehoused at several ports in this kingdom, and cannot be difpefed of without great loss to the proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient to enlarge the time limited by the said recited acts for the exportation of such bugles, or paying the duty for the same: may it therefore plcale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia meat assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for years further such of the said bugles as have been imported into this king extended for dom before the passing of this act, and lodged and secured in 10 years, In any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, as in and by the said ^1^"^first recited at is prescribed, and still remain unsold, the said ported before term of ten years shall be extended and enlarged for the further the patting of term of ten years, from the importation thereof, anything in this

s4 the

250 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 29. [1781.

the said acts, or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an act made in the Jwentieth year of the reign o Geos, C of his present Majesty^ (entitled, An act for granting to his Mata, lepited. jesty several additional duties upon certain goods imported into the isle of Man; and for better regulating the trade, and securing the revenues of the said island); it is, amongst other things, enacted, That, from and after the fijtb day of July, one thousandjc* vcn hundred and eighty, the commissioners of his Majesty's cuflams in Great Britain respectively, or any three of them, shall and rtusy grant licence to any of his Majesty's subjects to export, from any port England into the port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, thirty tbaujoni gallons of rum, the produce of the British plantations; and from any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thouswd gallons of such rum, in one year, in such manner, and under the jam t regulations in all respects, as if the said last mentioned quantity hoi

been originally limited and prescribed in and by an act made in the jo venth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufactures of the Ifk of Man, and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there vith a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and floor, authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island), instead of the quantity therein mentioned: And whereas doubts have anfen upon the construction of the said efts, whether rum imported into the Isle of Man, from Scotland, is chargeable with dm same duties as rum imported from England into the said island: Now, to obviate those doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Rum imported authority aforesaid, That all rum which hath been, or shall be mlanl fromcof imported into the Isle of Man from that part of Great Britain Scotlandtto ca^c^ Scotland, under the regulations and limitations by the said pay the same acts directed and prescribed, shall be subject to, and pay the like duties as rum and equal duties as are now payable to his Majesty, by virtue of unported from the aforesaid acts, for and upon rum imported into the said ft*of Man from that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to continue several laws relating to the opening and establhhing certain free ports in the island of Jamaica $ to the allowing the tree in portation ot sago powder and vermicelli from his Majesty's colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and Hum trom Ireland, and the British plantations in America j to the allowing the exportation of provi&ons, goods, wares, and merchandise, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the proccc* tien of his majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain and other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customsi to tfct preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infcfti on thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in hit Majestyl

glantaiions in America s to the preventing the committing of fruity bankrupts; and to revive and continue several laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the impowrering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise of copper m bars, or copper in (beets s to the allowing a drawback cr the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on board merchaat

ships

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.'

ships on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of firitiih corn and grain in neutral ships.

[Preamble.]

So much of an act 6 Geo. j, C 49, for opening certain porta in the island of Jamaica and Dominica, Sec as relates to the opening certain free ports in Jamaica, further continued until Nov. 1, 1787, C So much of an act 7 Geo. 3. 0. 30, as relates to the tree importation of (ago powder and vermicelli from North America, further continued until Dec. i, 1796. So much of an act o Geo. 3. c. 39, as relates to the free importation of raw bides from Ireland and America, further continued until June 1, 1786. 10 Geo. 3. c. 46, for allowing the exportation of provisians. Sec. from Great Britain to certain ports. Scc. in North America under his majesty's protection and from thence to any part of his majesty's dominions, further continued until June 1, 178s. Several clau/es in an act 5 Geo. 1. c. 11, against clandestine running of uncustomed goods. See. viz (e&iont 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and so, further continued until Sep. so, 178$, See. Act 8 Geo. 1. c. 18, to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infeflion thereby. Scc. further continued until Sep. 29, 17s8: Act 5 Geos, C 24. for encouraging the growth of coffee in a merica, (except such part as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into apd from the britioi colonies in America, further continued June 14, 1788, Scc. Act 5 Geos, C 30 to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, further continued until Sep. 09, 1785, See, So much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 37, as relates to the exportation of wheat, See. to the sugar colonies, island of St. Helena and other settlements in the East Indies, Newfoundland, See, revived, and further continued until May 1,

1782. to Geo. 3. c. 59, to prohibit the exportation of copper in barrs or sheets, and also to rtltrairi the carrying the same coastwise, revived and further continutd until May 1, 1782. So much of 19 Geo. 3. C ss, at relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as (lores. Sec. revived, and further continued until April 1, 1783. and so Geo. 3. c. 31, allowing a bounty cn exportation of britioi corn in ships of foreigners in amity, Scc. and further continued until March 25, 1782.

An act for continuing, and making more effectual, several acts of parliament pa fled for deanfing and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the county of Essex and for repairing and cleaning the (ireets of the town of Colchester; and also for lighting the streets and lanes, and for pi eventing annoyances in the said town.

[Preamble.]

Recital of an act9 and 10 Gal. 3. C 19. Acts 5 Geo. t, C 31. 13 Geos, C 30. 23 Geos, C 19. Further provisions necessary. The recited acts further continued for 40 years. Commissioners names. Qualification of of; lands or tenements of the clear yearly value ot 301. or 6001. personal. Penalty on acting not being qualified, 30l. Corporation of Colchester to continue of, notwithstanding the y shall be disabled to ain their corporate capacity. _ Meetings of of to consist of nine; two whereof to beaflingjusticesfor the eastern division of Essex; on three days notice.^Commissioners to repair the hardways across the channel. New of to be chosen by the majority of the surviving or remaining of in the room of such at shall die, remove, or refuse to at. Commissioners to rtpair the banks and walls on each side the river. Proviso, of not anfrerable for accidental damages to lands. Damages done to the banks and w^lls by proprietors of lands, to be repaired by them. Compensation to be made for damage that may be done to East Mill. Penalty on periods damaging the lock, or the walls, banks, and (luices. Clauses in former a remaining farmers of quays from being of, repealed. Ip the town of Colchester water to be conveyed from the roofs of houses by pipes, Scc. at the expense Of occupiers. In case owners, cof houses neglect to remove incroachments, of to do it, and levy the ex

SIC

a p: XXX

pence

t Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3: 1. f 178*.

pevice on such owner?, be, To prevent driving carriages and cattle on the foot ways. Lamps to he setup. a&ftment to be made for lighting the town; on occupiers of houses, cof the yearly value of 4l. and upwards (except the tour out parishes of Beerchurch, Greenstead, London, and St. Michael mile end) not to exceed 6d. in the pound. Kate to be levied by dill refs, in case of refusal to pay. Rate for houses from whence persons rateable have removed; 'is to be paid by him and the next comer in proportion to the time each occupied. The landlord to be afltfed for houses let out in lodgings which may he paid by any tenant and dcdu&ed out of relit. Penalty on wilfully breaking the lamps, or exrmguishing the lights. First offence s. each lamp broken; second offence double; third offence 41. besides fathfaction fur damages: or to be committed for one month. A moiety of forfeiture to the informer. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, Sic. to make lati?ta&ion for the same. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distressed and sale of goods; and applied for the purposes of the act as directed by five commissioners. Any inhabitant may he a fcitness though rated. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, dn giving 14 days notice In case the corporation of col chester shall bediftbled to act as faltlees, the powers vested in them toaeft in the jofticevfbr the county.0001, old fourh sea annuities (landing in the names of Michael Hills, Thomas Wilshire and Joseph Keeling, three of the of in trutt for the purposes of the said several acts may he sold and transferred by the two former. Proviso, that Mr. Keeling's demands thereon he paid out of the duties. exp*nces of this act to be paid out of the fund m of hands. Actions to be brought t six months afetr they accrue.'General issue. Double costs. Public act,

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the better management and collection of the duties upon male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

Recital of 17 Geo 3, C 39.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventeenth year of the Sreign of his present Majesty, entitled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate, certain duties were imposed upon every mole fervent retained or employed in the capacities in the said act particularly enumerated and mentioned: and whereas one aether act of parliament was made in the eighteenth year of the reign Act 18 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, for the more effectual levying of the duty C upon servants, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and

whereas one other act of parliament was made in the nineteenth year i^Geo.3. c. 59. 0ftbe retgn 0j ]/ls fodpresent Majesty, for amending so much of the said act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned: and whereas the several powers, rules, methods, and regulations, in the said acts prescribed and directed) far afurtaimng % payingr securitig % and colliding

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. jr.' itgj

Ming the said duties, and for pretexting evasion and frauds therein,

hive been form inefficient and ineffectual to secure the payment thereof, and the said duties have been withheld, and the revenue thereby defrauded: for remedy whereof, and for the better fecvrirtg

the die payment' of the said duties, be it enacted by the king'd

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords /pmtual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, 'From May i

from and after the twenty first day of May, one thousand fever!eku.

hundred and eighty one, the several powers, rules, methods, lanons,*!;

and regulations, manner, and time of payment, by thofakirs, of the said

or any of Chefii, given and prefcrlbed for ascertaiftittg, tecuring,

paying, a rid cotiedftngthe said duties, and all penalties and for

tenures in respect thereof, shall cfcafe and determine, and be no

kmger used, except in all cates relating to the recovery of any except for

arrears which may at that tim remain unpaid of the said

dutes, or*so arty penalty or forfeiture which shall hare been in 9

curred uport, or at any time before the said twenty first day of

May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, for the better preventing the like frauds and eva/ions, After May and for the more effectual securing the payment of the said duties', \7*1'

Jbe it further inx&ed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and tobeuoder'after the said twenty first day of May, one thousand seven hun the manage dred and eighty one, such of the said duties as are imposed up meat of the on servants in that part of Great Britain called England, the c?raii^" eri dommion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall England wi be under the receipt and management of the of and Scotland re officers of his majesty's revenue of excite in England for the spectively. time being; and that such of the said duties as are imposed on servants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of the of and officers of excite in Scotland for the time being, who are hereby respectively irtipowered to appoint proper officers for coljecting and receiving the same; and all moneys arising from the said duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at jveflmirtfler, and shall be applied to the uses and purposes by the said first recited act directed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That eve Every matter

ry matter or miftrefe who, on the said twenty first day of May, °rum^r^a one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall retain or em (j^ii

ploy any male servant in the capacity of Maitre d*hotel, house employ any steward, master of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de male servant # butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confetfion, nny.^pac*' er, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coachman, mo atectfban*

Sroom* postilion, ftabje boy, and the relpedhve helpers in the within das ables of such coachman, groom, or postilion, or in the eapa after, deliver city of a gardener, (not being a day labourer,) park keeper, % cj?ri£flft. game keeper, hantfman, or whipper in, respectively chargeable anta at by the said awhether foci fervahts (hu then be retained or next excite df

craployed fice.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31., [1781.

'employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other

business jointly with one or more of the said capacities ot a fer vanr, shall within forty days after the said twenty first day of Mav, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, deliver, or caofe to be delivered, at the office of excise next to the place where any such master or mistress respectively shall then be resident, a correct list, signed by him or her, (or by his or her known steward or agent in which list shall be inserted and specified the true number of male servants by him or her at that time retained or employed, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office, or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or emend shall then ploved; and every such master or mistress shall respectively, at dutici the time of delivering in such list, pay down the duties by the*m laid aft imposed for every male servant so retained and employed.

IV. And whereat it. may happen that the of appointed by the said before recited act, made in the seventeenth year of bit present Majesty's reign, for carrying the said act into execution, may, since the twenty-fifth day of March now lafi poll, have nominated af fejfors for collecting the duties upon servants for the year one thou jand seven hundred and eighty, and such assessors may have given or left the notices or warning to the several masters and mijlrtjfes, as by the said act directed, and some of those masters and mistressess may. have delivered in lists of their several servants, in pursuance of such

brsftflwl" 1 nottcii» w to obv*alc confusion in collecting of the said and lift deli duties on servants by the said act imposed, it is hereby further vered in, since enacted and declared, That all such notices so given or left by March5, any such aflfeflors, and all such lists as may have been delivered Si, to be by any master or mistress in consequence of such notices since the twenty-fifth day of March now last past, shall be null and void; anything in the said before recited act or acts, or in either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Every master, V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That C who, after every master or mistress respectively, who, after the said twenty ftwdfhe'xi'n to^thousand seven hundred and eighty one,

retain any shall begin to retain or employ any such male servant as afore such servant, said, in any of the said capacities, shall, within twenty days af foall. within ter he or she respectively shall begin to retain or employ any ver a at " such male servant or male servants, deliver, or cause to be deliv the next excise ered, at the office of excise next to the place where he or she office, C shall then be resident, a like list, signed as aforesaid; in which list shall be inserted and specified the true number of male servants by him or her at that time retained or employed, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office and capacity in or for which each such servant is retained or employed; and every such master or mistress respectively shall, at the time of delivering in the said lists, pay down the duties by the said and if be in aft imposed for every servant so retained or employed 5 and if crease the at any time within twelve calendar months after such master or ?uch*servanti mi^rc^s shall have or ought to have delivered in such lists as a he shall within fore said, be or (he shall increase the number of his or her male a0 days, deli servants, in any of the capacities before mentioned, then, and

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31*5$

in every such case, every such masteror mistress respectively shall, ve^ U9fresh within twenty day afterhe or (he shall have madg^th inesease, ^deliver, or cause to be delivered at the office of excise next to the place where he or she shall at that time reside, a Tike correct list, fiened as aforesaid, and shall specify therein the true number of male servants so increased, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office and capacity in or for which such servant is retained or employed; and such master or mistress re

shall, at the same time, pay down the duties payable servant so increased beyond the number specified in their former lists.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The lists to be That each and every master and mistress who shall have deliv renewed, and ered, or who is obliged to deliver in such list or lists as aforesaid, the duty paid, is and are hereby required, at or within, twenty days after the aanuai jr expiration of twelve calendar months, respectively lifter the times of delivering, or being obliged to deliver such lists, to deliver a fresh list in manner aforesaid, and pay down the duties accord, /

to the true number of male servants by hirft.or her respectc. ively at that time retained or employed iti arty of the capacities before mentioned, and for which the said duty is by the said first 1

recited al imposed, and in the same manner to renew such list, V and make such payment, from year to year, as 'long as he or t (he shall respectively retain or employ any fudi servant or servants, '

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Howthoferaa that in all cases where any master or mistress shall have diverse fters, caret. houses or places of residence, and shall retain or employ in each toproceedwho such house or place of residence any servant or fervanfs charge have able with the duty by the said act imposed; and in all cases Sena!.*" where any masteror mistress shall retain or employ, any such servant or servants chargeable as aforesaid, at any place not being the house or place of residence of any such matter or mif treft, every such master or mistress respectively shall, and they are hereby required, within the space of one month after the delivery of such lists respectively, and payment of the said duties, as herein before required, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the office of excise next to each and every such place, and to each and every such house or place of residence, a duplicate or dupli, of every such list or lists so delivered by such matters, ot* roiftresses, such duplicates to be signed as aforesaid, and mentioning at the foot of every such duplicate, the place where such original list or lists shall have been delivered, and the duties paid as aforesaid, upon pain that every such master or mistress neglecting to deliver such duplicates, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Matter, Sec. That from and after the said twenty first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, if any master or mistress ijfts1?and°to shall at any time retain or employ any Maitre d Hotel, houseentw them steward, master of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de and make

thambrt, paymentsan

2&6 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1781.

imally^shall; chamber butler, under by tier, cjdrk of the kitchen, gonfechoner, cookt hdyte pqrter, fodtmati^1 fanning footrtfan? coachman, groom, postilion, table boy, ot helper in the (tables of any coachman, grgom, or poftiftoil, or any gardener, (not being a day labourer jj, par1c^keeper, game keeper, htmtfman, or whip

ter in, on whocp respectively me duty of twenty-one Shillings is y the fai<j recited act impofei}, and shall deceit so make out, sign, and deliver, or capfe to't>e delivered, eorrect lists of the true number of maletervanu by him or her respectively retained or employed, in manner and form, and withrn the titheshert in before respectively directed and expressed, and, so make such payments as aforesaid, or having delivered such and made tuch payments, shall not renew such lists and payments yearly,

: in manner and form as aforesaid he or she shall respectively forfeit and lose, for eact) bffepcc, the fqm of twenty pounds.'

IX. And it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If any matter That if, upon due examination, it mall appear that any such shall neglect to master or mistress shall haye, rieglected to deliver in such lists jftjso 38 are hereby directed and required; or having delivered, or nit any taxa" caused to be.delivered, any such lists, shall have omitted to in, ble servant in fert therein any servant or ferya, ntsi chargeable, with the duty by his list, the of the said act imposed, any officer bf excise for the ftlftrict or place ^r^hi here such matter or mistress fc neglecting to delivtr in theilr donlse formal! tefpecuve lists shall then resute, or where the servant or servants such servants so omitted to be inserted in any such list shall then be retained pmitted. or employed, shall and may, and they are required to charge*1 such re(pe6live matter or mistress for and in respect of every servant

by him or her retained or employed, and so neglected or omitted to be inserted in such lists, as aforesaid; such charge shall not be impeached or set aide by reason of any mistake or variance in the christian or surname of any such servant, or m klie description of his or their employment, but such charge shall be effectual to all intents and purposes, provided the person or persons charged be really a servant or servants, in respect of whom the matter or mistress ought to be Charged within the meaning of the said act; and the charge so to be made shall be 'the double duty for every such servant so neglected or so omitted, as aforesaid; which said charge shall be paid by every matter or, mistress. so offehding, over and above any penalty that may be recovered of such matter or mistress for not delivering cotrecl lists in manner and form as by this act is required and directed.

In what cases*X And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au mastertare thority aforesaid, That in every case where the duties required not liable to by the said atto be paid for any male servant, shall be actually For deliver?ne Pa anc erre ad true lists mall have been delivered in, as uretroncou* before directed, before any information laid for the negkct of lists, Icc. delivering in such list, and making such payment, although not strictly within the time for that purpose mentioned, no matter or mistress, having delivered in such lists, and made due pay' dent, shall be prosecuted for not having delivered in their lists,

or

d by

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31.

or made their payments within the times xefpoaiv^ Jijnhed by

this act,

XI. And it is hereby farther enabled and provided by the authority aforesaid, That if any jnafter or miftrefij having delivered in correct lists, and having duly paid the duties for each male servant liable thereunto, according to the true, intent and meaning of this present a, shall die before the end, of the year for which such payment was made; in every futh$afe, it shall and may be lawful for the executor or act^jniftraipr^of fpqh cfer ceased person to retain and employ all or any of, the said servants, for or in respect of whom such duty was paid and Jifts delivered as aforesaid, during the residue of the ye^rj(fof, which such payments shall have been made, in like maqocf, as such defeated person. might have done, if living.,

XII. And, Jbe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rates and duties by the feida&impo

as also all forfeitures and offences made and comqmjted gainst this act, or any clause or article therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by such person and peffaqs, apd in such manner and, form, as hereafter in and by thfe t is recd and appointed; that is to say, all prosecutions for thquer covery of the duties by the said act irpposed, and alfeforridl soil femwesund offences made and committed within the inyqaredi ate Emits of the chief office of excise in London, shall t heatfl, adjudged, and determined, by the commissioners^osj^pise, qr the major part of them, or by the commissioners for appeals, qr the major part of them, in case of appeal, and not otherways; and all profequtions for the recovery of the duties by the said act imposed, and also for all forfeitures and pffeppqf flvkfe and committed within all or any of Jthe counties, flares, and stewartries, cities, towns, or places, within the kingdqtn of Great Britain, shall be heard and determined by any twp, ardm&oi£of the justices of the peace residing near to the place hee such forfeitures shall be made, oroffence committed: ».and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement given tty wo or more justices, he shall and may appeal to the justice jostle peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same, whose judgement therein shall be final; which said of for appeals and regulating this duty, and the said of of excite, and all justices of the peace aforesaid receptively, are hereby authorised and ftrxstly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought, of any forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this a, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance orcontempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of fapt, and upon d C proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to administer), to give judgement or sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants, under their hands,

for

57

Executors,

See. may re

remainder ttwiyeaisfogji feitmumfar; ?. whom the du ty.bw.bmn,

pa, Y tym, decemqa«.«.r.

-: 3.

Prosecutions. under this a, within the LI roit#qfi*h#4x cife office, o be determined by the com midioners of excise, See.

and, in other parts wfubtr' kingdom,) bp the justices.

Thfptfffy j cussed to be summoned.

wit«je!lerto1 be examined on oath, t

On failure of distrds, offender to he Committed.

Proceedings not to be removed bjr certiorari.

Limitation of altions.

Twenty one days notice to be given before prosecution in any court of re cofd.

of and j unices may mitigate penalties.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be employed.

Persons (bed in execution

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C.

[1781.

for the levying of such forfeitures and penalties as are by this act imposed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any be); and for want of sufficient distress, to imprison the party offending for one month, unless satisfaction shall be before made.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no certiorari be brought or allowed to remove any of the proceedings of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace respectively, relating to the same offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for the same; but that the determination of the said commissioners of excise, and of the said justices of the peace respectively, shall, in manner and form aforesaid, be final to all intents and purposes 5 anything liefem contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any offence against this Statute, within the space of six months from the time such offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prosecution shall be commenced in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scotland against any person or persons for, or on account of, any penalty or penalties incurred, or supposed to be incurred, under or by virtue of this act, unless a notice in writing shall have been first delivered to such person or persons, or left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, twenty-one days at least before such prosecution shall be commenced; and that such notice shall express the cause for which, and the time when, such prosecution is intended to be commenced and that an affidavit of such notice shall be filed in such court before the commencement of such prosecution.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of and justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any penalties and forfeitures, in such manner as they shall think fit, the reasonable costs and charges of the officers in the prosecution of the offender being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty to less than one fourth parr thereof, over and above the said costs and charges; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (all northeast.

charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be employed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the discoverer or informer of the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 259

That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, fholested, Ms or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in pursuance of, or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing therein ge ra V contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter irt evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfulted, or discontinue his, her, or and recover their achon or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against ^eble colls, him, her or them, upon demurrer or otherfrise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to encourage the manufactory of verdegrease in Great Britain, and for laying a duty on foreign veriegteafe imported.

WHEREAS there is lately setup in this kingdom fnanu preambl^/ factory of veriegrease, which has been heretofore imported from France, and for which large sums of money have been \conjfant ijr paid to foreigners; therefore, to the intent that all due encouragement may he given to so useful a manufacture, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, After June 14* from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand fie^ven hundred and eighty one, there shall be, throughout his pound to be majesty's kingdom of Great Britain, dominion of Walesyuti& paid on im town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid, p°rtat, n of onto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for degreaf": van<i and upon every pound weight of common verdegrease, import 1 s*per pound CD or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign for crystalized countries, the sum of threepence; and for and upon every verdegrease. pound weight of crystallised verdegrease, so as aforesaid imported, the sum of onfe shilling which laid imports or duties shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or allowance, on importation; and shall be also subject and liable to The frid du an additional import or duty of five pounds per tentum, in the ties tobelia* same manlier, and under the faihe regulations, as the additional nan addi" duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by an asgreea af, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefen bleto j Geo. Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional du 3* C ties upon the produce of the federal duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No ^rtwbacxc That no part of the said duties herein before granted shall be to be allowed repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the said verde on export Vox. XXXIII T grease3

26o Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c-33- L f

Duties to bt gsease; stnd that the said several duties herein before granted

the miner raised levied, recovered, and paid in such manner and

prescribettby 'form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such former laws penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in that reiatmgto the several acts now in force relating to his majesty's customs; and to bt^d^nto ^amc^un<*cr fc management and direction of the thee^equen respe6iv« of of the customs, and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary charges of raising collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart firom all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ( for the uses and purposes in this afi mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A book to be That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the audit provided by or of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which thea^torfor a the moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the re sd dunes fe CCIP*» as aforesaid, mall be entered separate and apart from all parately. other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be there reserved for the disposition of parliament

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Healey upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious ayenues thereto; for widening some part of the high street and the market place; for lighting and watching, for reguladng the footways in, and for removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances front the said town.

[Preamble.]

That the wooden bridge now at Henley belongs to the corporation s who receive money out ot diverse houses, Sec. for supporting the said bridge; part of which income bath been expended in supporting the same. That they raised other money by mortgage of other estates and bonds, C and there now remain 6001. due to the corporation. That it would be an advantage to the town to remove the middle row and old market house, and light the town and estabtifli a watch, See. The coi poration and of iropowered to build a bridge across the Thames near the present bridge. The bridge shall be built so as not to prejudice the navigation of the river Thames. The span of the centre arch to be 40 feet, and height 16 feet, and spring 10 feet above the bed of the river. The bridge to be 17 feet wide, and no houses. Sec. thereon, except toll houses. Commissioners meetings for bridge business. On sail ore of a sufficient number of of, the clerk may aiiourn. Quorum of the of to be twelve at Least. When of die, C new ones to be appointed by the surviving or remaining comtmf floners. No member of the corporation, or other commissioner, to act where interested. Commissioners may appoint a clerk, treasurer, coll eft. or, surveyor, and other officers, and their successors; who are to give ecu rity. Officers to account upon oath, and pay the balance. Upon non payment of balance, of may bring action?, or justices may inquire into the default. Balance may be levied by distress, Sec. Allowances to officers, to be made by of out of the tolls. Accounts of the bridge to be kept separate from any other business. Victuallers not to hold places of profit. Commissioners maypurchase lands, Sec. particularly those in the schedule referred to Incapacitated personi enabled to

treat

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 33.

trear. On refusal to treat, C damage and recompense to be settled br ft jury. Witnesses to be fammoned, and examined upon oath. Verdlit of the jury Sec. to be final. Commissioners may issue their warrant to the fhrrijf to impannel a jury. Commissioners may impose a fine on the sheriff, Sec. making default in the pretoises, not exceeding 10l. nor less than ios. Commissioners, on payment of sums a fluffed, to take possession of land, Sec. Commissioners to take down the present bridge. Power to take in part of the clutch yard. to widen the aventie to the bridge, and to potr chase otlnr ground in lieu thereof. For taking down certain alms hou sits upon providing others. Surveyors may get materials for building and repairing the bridge, from waste grounds grads: or from private grounds, making satisfaction for damages: but not out of the Thames, (except drift sand) without consent of the commissioners of navigation. Bridge vetted in the corporation. Pet Tonnes damaging the new bridge deemed guilty of felony. Owners of barges, C made answerable for their men. A ferry or temporary bridge to be provided when the bridge is not pafla we. Ferry not to continue longer than is necessary. No ferry to be hereafter used within one mile and an half of the bridge. Bridge to be called Henley bridge: and part of the parish of Henley; and not a county bridge Offenders may be proceeded against before two justices of Henley, as if offence were committed in the town. Gates to be erelted, and tolls taken. For every horse. Sec. drawing, jd. for the like not drawing, id. For cattle per score, tod. For calyes, sheep, lambs or swine per icore, d. Tolls vested in the of Toll man may deny passage over bridge to persons refusing to pay and may distrain cattle, cor other goods, and fell the same in four days. Gate to be seton the present bridge, and tolls taken. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Half toll for carnages with corn on market days. Commissioners may vary the tolls. For exempting the owner of Marsh Mills from payment of toll for carrying corn or grain from Henley to the said mills, to be ground, or for meal or flour to Henley, upon condition of paying 4l. per ann. till a turnpike road, made from Wargrave to Henley, and a gate setup between the said mills and bridge, and then said payment to cease, and toll to be taken. Tolls to be free from taxes, Stc. Commissioners may lease the tolls. Exemptions from tolls. Carriages with materials for highway or bridge, or dung for land. Hay, or corn in the straw to be laid up within two miles of the bridge; going to or returning from election s for Oxford Shire or Berk Shire: Post horse or cart with mail: Soldiers on inarch and their

rriages s Vagrants moved by pastes, or cattle going to pasture in the parities of Henley and Remenham. Penalty on illegal claims, 40s. Penalty on evading tolls 40s. Commissioners may borrow money upon the credit of the tolls; and the tolls assigned as a security: to the form of ffigninent set forth. Copies of assignments to be entered. No money to be borrowed after the first meeting without public notice. Assignments may be transferred according to the form of transfer set forth. assign snents to be notified to the treasurer, and entered in a book to be kepttor that purpose. Creditors to be deemed equal in dtg^e without preference for priority. Persons desirous of having their money to give six months notice to the treasurer or clerk. Power of raising money by granting annuities: not exceeding sooool. nor above 10 percent, charged on the tolls. Annuities to be publicly sold. Annuities to be filled up as oftfn as any die, until mortgages paid off. Books to be provided, and the names of annuitants entered. Annuities to be for the lives of the contributors, or such persons as they shall nominate. Annuities to be tax free. Annuities may be assigned. Tolls, and other moneys to be applied, first to pay costs of at, then 600l. and interest to the corporation, and all other debts incurred on account of the old bridge and building, Sic. the new one, and making roads and other matters directed by the act and no other. Certain surplus money to be applied for the use of the new bridge. Interest to be paid twice a year. Proceedings to be entered in books. Duration of the tolls, till all the purposes directed by the act be completed and then the tolls to cease, and the corporation to support the bridge at at preterit. First meeting'of the corporation for the other purposes of this ain the guildhall of Henley. Future meetings, first friday in every month.

«6* Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 34.

[Public act.]

To pay their own expenses. All the powers by this act vested in the corporation, to be exercised by the major part assembled at any public meeting, where there shall be fourteen members present. Pavements, See. vested in the corporation. Corporation may order footpaths to be paved. Corporation to erect lamps, and appoint Watchmen. For punishing persons wilfully breaking lamps, C Two justices for theto*n may grant warrants, See. first offence 10*. second 15s. third xos. and satisfaction for damages. On nonpayment of forfeiture, Sec. offender to be committed. persons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage, power to make contrasts, Sec. Power to make rates. Rates vested in the corporation. On nonpayment of rates, power to distrain. Rates due on houses to be paid by persons removing from, and by those who occupy the premises, in due proportion. Landlords to be airefled for houses let to two or more tenants, to be paid by any occupier, and deducted out of relit. Losses to be made goodbye reafteffment. Persons paying this not liable to pay any other rate. Corporation may borrow money, not exceeding iooooi. and assign the rates as a security. Clause to prevent nuisances in the streets. Water shall be conveyed down from roofs or tops of houses $ directed by the corporation. To be done at the expense of the proprietors. No person to alter the pavement. Power to take down signs, Sec. The old market house and the middle row, may be pulled down; the charges to be paid by the corporation. Bull dogs and mastiffs to be muzzled when at large. Penalty for interrupting workmen first offence 10s. second offence 40s. third or other jl. Writings to be without stamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered, on proof, before two justices of the town; by distress and Tale of goods, and paid to the treasurer. Offender may be committed for 3 months and not less than 14 days. Limitation of actions in six months. General issue. Treble costs. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Satisfaction for special damage. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or remove able by certiorari. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving S days notice. Rights of the corporation preserved.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for further continuing and amending the several acts pajfei for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurer ment of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parifes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

Tt T WHEREAS the laws for preventing frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty 0/Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex, have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Former acts parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That further conti an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late ma nued until jesty King George the Second, intituled An act more cffcqualdy to June 24, 1795* prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of C coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 34. 3163

the duchyy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary !e Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of middle sex 5 which ad was continued by several subsequent acts, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was continued by two acts, passed in the thirty first and thirty second years or the same reign, and was amended by the last of such acts, and, subject to such amendments, further continued, by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth day of June, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and from thencp, to the end of the then next session of parliament; except such parts of the said act of the nineteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, as were altered by the said subsequent act of the thirty second year of the reign of his said Majesty.

II. And whereas by the before mentioned oft, passed in the twenty Preamble f third year of therein of his late Majesty, a penalty of ten pounds recit»ng that was imposed upon the principal coal metres, on neglecting to Jlation labouring coal metres at the several wharves within the limits aeferib posed on coal td in the before mentioned act passed in the nineteenth year of the metre by a4 reign of his said late Majesty, and also a penally of forty/hillings on the 13 9*0, the labouring coal metre or coal metres neglecting to attend and per C*form their duty at the time, and in such manner as by that act is di rifted \ and which said penalties were severally imposed whil/l all the mis old within fu; b limits were impelled to be measured by such coal metres: And whereas, by the before mentioned Statute, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, it was dialied, that none of the provisions made by the said act of the nineteenth year of the reign; of his said te Majesty, or by that act, relating to the payment of any sum or sums of Money for or on Account f the admeasurement, or inspection of the admeasurement, of coals, or to the punishment of any dealer in coals, or caster, on account of send ing, carrying, or loading coals from any wharf or place within the limits therein mentioned, Jhculd take place and be in force, except in such cases only when the buyer of such coals Should have signisted, by notice in writing to one of the principal coal metres, or one of the labouring coal metres, his or her desire to have the attendance of a coal metre to inspect the admeasurement of his or her coals, and where a ml metre Should, pursuant to such notice, attend, and actually inspect the admeasurement of the whole quantity of such coals: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the before mentioned penalties are not fill in force, notwithstanding the clause herein lost before recited; and it htng unreasonable to subject the said principal coal metres, and their labouring coal metres, to the said penalties, when by the said clause the admeasurement of coals is left to the option of the purchaser thereof and cqfiftqutnth the principal ccal metres are not secure of any. f t3 fixed

2 6*

The said penalties not to take place unless proper notice in writing be left at the coal metres office,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3s [1781.

fixed or certain income to defray the expense of stationing such metres as aforesa\d\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That none of the said penalties inflicted by the said recited a, passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his said late majesty, shall hereafter in any manner take place, unless notice in writing shall be left at the coal metres office, six hours at the lead before any parcel of coals is required by the buyer to be admeasured; and which notice shall be signed by the seller of such coals, and shall specify the wharf where the attendance of the coal metre is required, and the hour of such attendance; and unless the said principal coal metess shall neglect or refuse to Ration a labouring coal metre agreeably to such notice, or such labouring coal metre, so to be Rationed, shall neglect or refuse to attend and do his duty accordingly; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereuf notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near old Short Kara, in the county of Suficx.

[Preamble.]

A bridge wanted to be built near the ferry over the river Adur, at or near old Shoreham Suflexj the eti 1 of Surry owner of estate tuere, whereof the said ferry is part, is willing such bridge Should be built. Trustees names. When trustees die. See. new ones to be chosen by the remaining trustees. Qualification of trustees per ann. or beir to tol per ann. or worth 8001, personal. Penalty on acting not being qualified, 401. Trustees may all as justices, unless personally intereded. Dirtying the meetings of the trustees. Adjournments by three trustees. trustees may appoint clerk s, coue&ors, and other officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to account, and pay the balance. Penalty on officers negkcting to account for 14 days may be committed to goal. Officers to give feca rity. Trustees, or any five empowered to build the bridge, Sec. Power to take in a piece of waste land for the feite of the tollhouse, garden, CC or a parcel of indofed land, on making coippensation. If the parties disagree about the compen&tion, the same to be ascertained by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of the jury, CC to be final. The money adjudged by the jury, to be paid to the owner of the land. The bridge and other things vested in the trustees. Penalty on periods care lefsfy damaging the bridge, C 5l. and not less than 5 s. or the trustees may bring an action for damages. Penalty on persons wilfully de&roying the bridge, C felony, or as in case of petit larceny. te bridge to be extra parochial, and not to be deemed a county bridge. Trustees empowered to take the following tolls; Every coach, See. with four wheels a s. and every horse drawing the same, 6 d. Every chaise, See. with two wheels Id. and every horse drawing the same, fid. Every wagon, CC 1 s. and every horse or beast drawing the same, 3d. Every cart, cp. yd. and every horse drawing the same, 3d. Every horse, Sec. not drawing, 3d. Every score of oxen cows, or neat cattle, is. 8d. Every score ot calyes, Iwgi* sheep, 5rc. tod. And every foot passenger, one halfpenny. Carnagesnad cattle may pass and return in the same day for one toll. Foot pofleagess to pay every time of passing. Tolls vested in the trustees. colleqor may prevent the passage until payment of the tolls. Penalty on evading the tolls, Sec. 10 s. by distress. Trustees may let the tolls. The money already fubfpribed being 50001. shall be applied towards the purposes of the all. Contributors of tool. or upwards, to appoint their nominees, for whose lives they are to receive a dividend of the clear profits by June 14, 17x1. or to be considered as his own nominee. Names of contributors and nominees to be registered. Contributory upon payment of their money, to receive a receipt, and an order for payment or their dividends.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 35.

deads. The lives of the nominees to be divided into three classes according to their ages. Dividends to be apportioned between the clades, and the proportion of each class to be equally divided amongst the contri buton. The dividends to be paid yearly. The contributors to have the benefit of furvi voiship. The shares may be aligned or deviled according to this formi

Do assign the within order, and ajl my right, title, and interest in and to the lame, and the dividends payable thereon, unto executors, administrators, and assigns. Witness my hand and seal, this day of

Arguments and wills to be rpgiftered, and the execution proved. Before payment of the dividends, certificates to be produced of the lives of the nominees. The shares not claimed within three years, to go amongst the other contributors. Subscribers, in default of paying their subscriptions, may be sued. Actions brought in the name of the treasurer, not to be dftfeominued by his deaths or removal. The present lease of the ferry vacated. Ferry vested in the trustees. Com pen Cation to be made to the idtcei, Annual sum of aol. to be paid to lord Surrey for the ferry. For recovery of the annual relit, 'may enter on the bridge, C fill paid with cods. Ferry to be provided in case the bridge shall become impassable. If the bridge become impassable by means of the wilful neglect of lord Surrey, See. he shall only be entitled to the same toll for patting the ferry as heretofore. When nominees are all deceased, the tolls and the powers of the trustees to ceaie, and the bridge, See. to become vested in lord Surrey. Lord Surrey authorised to collect tolls towards keeping the bridge ip repair, and making compensation for the ferry after his annuity ceases. Tolls to be reduced, viz. For every coach, Stc. with four wheels, gd. and every horce drawing the same, sd. Every chaise, See. with two wheels ad. and every horse drawing the same, ad. Every wagon. See. ad. and every horie drawing the lame, id. Every Cart, 3d. and every horse drawing the same, 1 3, Every, horie not drawing, 1 d. Every score of oxen, See. 10 d. Every score of calyes, C sd. And for landing goods, per tonne. 1 d. and lets quantity, one halfpenny. The said tolls vested in lord'Surrey. Penalty on evading payment of the tolls, the same as before mentioned. How jpfticcs are to proceed for conviction of offenders.! Form of too vision.

Sussex 7 DE it remembered, That on the day of

so wit. Jf DIN the year of the reign of his Majesty A.B. is confuted before me,

one of his Majesty vs jqftkes of the peace for the said county of Sussex, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the t«emy first year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third. [Here set forth the title of the act, and speeny the offence, and the tjme and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.]

Given under my band and seal? the day and year aforesaid

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving tr days notice. Proceedings not to be qua (bed nor distress deemed unlawful, for want of form. Proceedings to be entered M books. Writings to be without starops. Limitation of actions to 3 calendar months after the fast committed, to be laid and tried in Sussex, and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the act and spetiql matter in evidence, and have treble posts. This to be a pubcck aft

266 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 36. [1781.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the streets, lanes, and passages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

[Preamble.]

The borough of The Devizes a considerfrble market, and a very great thoroughfare in the highroad between London and Bath. trustees names. When trustees die, or refuse to act, Sec. new ones to he chosen by the remaining trustees; to be inhabitants of the borough. Qualification of trustees, owner of 10l. per ann. or rated at till. per and Penalty on acting not being qualified, 501. V Trustees meetings. Adjournments may be by two trustees. Trustees in the commission of the peace may act as justices, (except personally interested or as making rates) and may administer oaths. Actions may be brought in the name or treasurer or clerk. Trustees may appoint a clerk, surveyors, collectors, and other officers, and allow them salaries. Treasurer to account. Officers to give /ecurity. Officers to account upon oath, and to pay the balance. On refusal to render accounts, or deliver up any books, Sec. to be committed until payment, and delivering up books, Sec. Oh death or bankruptcy of officers, executors. Scc. to make good deficiency, previous to the payment of any other debts, and indemnified for so doing, and may plead such payment in any action. Penalty on executors, C for neglect thereof. Trvf* tees may bring action if debt under 401. or for damages and costs. Streets, Sec. to he paved, amended, and cleansed. Trustees may bring actions for breach of contract. Inhabitants to fwtep before their houses. Chute for preventing nuisances, and annoyances in the streets. None but scavenger to carry away dirt, See. which he is to do in six hours after streets arc swept, which to be done twice in every week, on penalty of aos. But inhabitants mar take the dirt before their houtes for their own use;

bring dung from their back yards in order to be carried away, in 04 hours. For preventing nuisances by hogftves, Sec. Notice by five trustees to be removed in 3 days, on penalty ot 10s. per day after. promfi ons respecting annoyances and dbnructions not to extend to houtes building or rebuilding. The public drains, C to be cleansed, by order and at the expense of the trustees. Materials may be taken from wale grounds, See. Trustees may cause lamps to be setup; and may appoint watchmen. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty, not more than 5s. nor less than act for every offence. Penalty on persons wilfully damaging lamps, ire. 10s. and satisfaction for damages, or to be committed 3 months. Penalty on interrupting workmen, not more than 40s. nor less than 5s. Property of lamps, Sec. vetted in trustees. Trustees to make a rate for purchasing lamps. Sec. not more than t s. per pound, per ann. Tenants to pay, and deduct it out of their relit. Rate for cleansing and keeping in repair, and for lighting and watching, to be expended in the parish where raled. Limitation of rates, for paving, Sec. 6d. per pound in the parish of St. John, and the old disparked park and 9d. per pound in the parish of St. Mary: apd for lighting and watching, 9d. per pound in each parish. The old disparked park, and tenements under 4l. per ann. not being shops, exempted from rates for lighting, and watching, or keeping lmm, C in repair. The surveyors to be collectors. Manner of recovcrinztpe rates, by distress and sale. Goods may be followed for levying the dutreft in any other county, Set. Rates to be recovered on tenants quitting tec. before payment, or houtes, Sec. being empty, the premises made security, and the goods of the next occupier, or by action against the landlord with costs. Hares shall be paid where tenants Acupy only part of the year, in proportion to the time. Trustees may mitigate the rates. Collectors embezzling any of the rates, to be raised by a reafleflment. Double tolls on Sundays at Seend Gate, Fpttern Gate, Nurfteed Gate, and Green Gate, as a Sunday Street Toll, to be vested in the trustees. To be recovered by distress. In case of dispute concerning tolls and charges, the matter to be teuled by a justice. Trustees may erect turnpikes and toll boutesi

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 267

or the present turnpikes, C may be used. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Tolls may be varied. Trustees may let the tolls. Penalty on forcibly passing through the gates without paying, Sec. 4.0 s. besides damages apd other punift}raer)ta thereto liable by law. Trustees may borrow money, and oflign the tolls and rates a? a security. Form of alignment, viz.

TJY virtue of an act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his If m a jetty Kin George the third; for amending, regulating, cleansing, signting, watching, and keeping in repair, the streets, lanes, and pastages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein j we of the trustees, in cdnftderation of the sum of to the

treasurer in hapd pajd, flo grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto A. £ 1 his executors, administrators, and assigns, such proportion of the tolls by the said act granted, 'and of the rates thereby directed to be made, as the said sum of<-' doth or shall bear to the whole sum due and owing on the credit thereof; to be had and held from this, day of until the said sum of with interest

at the rate of per centum per annum, shall be paid

and satisfied.

To be entered by the cferk in a book gratis; "Form of transfer, vis,

I Do transfer this mortgage, with all my right and title to the principal hereby secured, and tp all the interest now due upon the same unto his executors, administrators, and aitigns. Dated this day of

Transfers to be like wife entered. Sums under 501. may be transferred without a witness. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money anting. Determination of the office of surveyor of highways for The Devizes. Writings to be without damps. Tines upon the inhabitants on indictment, are to be paid by the treasurer or clerk by order of court

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. When the corporation is interested, the appeal to be to the quarter session for the county of Wilts. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distrefe, and applied for the purposes of this act, and if no goods, offender to be committed for not more than 3 months, nor less than 14. days. Form of cotaviftioa before one or more justices, viz

BE it remembered. That on the day of A.B. is am

vifted before me for us, C D. E. F.] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the borough of The Devizes for, county of Wats,] specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was com mated, [as the case (halt be.]

Given under my [or our] hand and seal, [or hands and seals] ] day and year first above written

Trustees may compound for penalties Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Diitrefe not illegal for want of form. Power to tender amends. Actiooa not to be brought without i days notice, nor after 6 calendar months. Defendants may plead the general issue, and give the act. and special matter in evidence. Defendants to have treble costs,

Publick act* -

G Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. [1781.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent (he exportation to foreign parts of ptenfils made use of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and (ilk manufactures of this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to pre

recited.* vent ^p0*3*011 to foreign parts of utensils made use of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and silk manufactures of this kingdom, certain provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, are provide fd, inflicted*impofeel, for the purpost of preventing and prohibiting the 'exportation into foreign parts except to any port or place within Great Britain or Ireland) of all such tools or utensils MS are commonly used in, or are proper for the preparing, Working Up orjnijbitfg, of the cotton or linen manufactures of this kingdom \ and also for the preventing and prohibiting all and every person or persons whomsoever from the collecting, obtaining, or having in bisher, or their custody or possession, with intent to export, any tools or implements used as well in the said cotton or linen, as in the woollen or silk manufactures of this kingdom: And whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders against the fold aft are thereby Subject* ed and mode liable, and the provisions, powers, and remedies thereby made and provided, for the recovery and enforcing of fitch penalties and forfeiturety are found inadequate to the prevention of the evils thereby intended to be remedied; and it is therefore become northeast ctjjary to make some further and more effectual provision to deter persons from committing the said offences, Jo destructive to the trade of this kingdom: therefore, for the better preserving to his majtf ty subjects the benefits arising from those greed und valuable branches of trade and commerce, and for preventing the said pernicious practises for the future, <ptd for explaining. amending, and rendering more effectual, the said recited act, be it enacted by the King? most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That tntauy^ at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou person in*fond seven hundred and eighty one, any person or persons iq Great Britain Great Britain or Jretynd shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, or Ireland, \onsi, or put of board, or pack, or caqfe or procure to be ioaden,

put on board 011 »*?rd' OT p?ked*»to* on

any vessel any of any ship or v$(tel, which shall not be bound directly to some

jnachine, tool, port or place in Great Qritain or Ireland, or shall lade, or cause

orutensil, ofed or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other vessel, or

sttontnen? fl "U brjn8> r to J br°ujfht> to any wharf

silk manu other puce, m order to be so laden or put on board any such factures, or ship or vessel, any machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utertfil,

any model of or implement whatsoever, which now is, or at any time or time such machine, tyrtgfqp. shall or may be used ip or proper for the preparing,

'. porting)

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37.

working, pressing, finishing, or completing, of the woollen, cot, linen, or (ilk manufactures of this kingdom, or any or either of them, or any other goods wherein wool, cotton, linen, or djk, or any or either of them, are or is used, or any part or parts of such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, by what name or names soever the same shall, be called or known; or any model or plan, or models or plans, of J any such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, and complaint being; made, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and or such justice or justices of the peace to issue his or*"7 famce their warrant or warrants, hot only to.seize all such machines, arrant engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, and part seizing tuch or parts thereof, and all such model or plan, models, or plans, machme*, C and part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and all and bringing other goods packed therewith, if any such there be, but also to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or '

them, or fotne other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, division, liberty, Shire, stewartry, or place i and if, when such person or persons shall he brought before such justice, or justices, he, she, or they, shall not give d if a satis such an account of the use or purpose to which such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, and part given to the or parts thereof, and all such model or plan, models or plans, justice, he may and part or parts thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as detain such shall be satisfactory to the justice or justices before whom he, bind the'

file, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such case, party to ap. it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices, not pear at the only to cause all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, next affixes utensils, or implements, models, or plans, or part or parts there which shall have been seized as aforesaid, together with the packages, and all other gooda packed therewith, to be detained, bit alco to bind the person or persons so charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or quarter fefficms of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, stewartry, or place, where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable sureties for his, her, or their appearance; and iu case such person or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or fy" hf parry" justices to cortvmit the person or persons so refusing to the com may be common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept until the next mitted. affizei, or next quarter Jefiions, of the county, city, riding, division, (him, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be con peoajt_ C viriled of ny of the offences aforesaid, upon any indictment or conviction! information against him, her, or them, at inch assizes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all such jn^climes} engines, tools, press, paper, utensils, or implements,

models

!? Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. [1781.

models or plans, or parts thereof respectively, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith, if any such j there be, burr also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and shall also suffer imprisonment in J the common gaol, prison, or house of correction, of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, Shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid

customhouse

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers im That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, it poweredtp anci may favvful to and for any officer of his majesty's

machfnest&c. customs n Great Britain, and to and for any officer of the re going tobe*venue in Ireland and they are hereby required to seize, and secure in some or one of his majesty's warehouses, all such machines, engines, tools, prese, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all and every such model or plan, models 1 ' or plans, or part or parts thereof, as such officer shall find or discover, to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, which shall not be bound directly to some port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith (if any such there be), and they are hereby indemnified in so doing; and all machines, engines, tools, prese, papers, utensils, and implements, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after condemnation thereof in dqe course of law, be pub^sold to the best bidder, by order of the of of the custotns ingreqt Britain, or of of the revenue in Ireland respectively; and one moiety of the produce arising by the sale thereof, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer who shall seize and ppofecute the same as aforesaid.

Island be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, froip and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, if the f^uins^ak captan or roafter of any ship, vessel, or boat, in Great Britaining on board or Ireland, shall knowingly or designedly permit or suffer any any such ma machine, engine, tool, prese, paper, utensil, or implement, chine, cor part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, or part or parts

thereof, by this act prohibited to be exported a aforesaid, to be put on board his said ship, vessel, or boat, every such captain or master shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds j and if the said ship, vessel, or boat, shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, then the captain, or mailer thereof, shall not only forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, but shall also forfeit his employment, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, hi heirs or successors,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. s71

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj Penalty on That if any customer, comptroller, surveyor, searcher, waiter, com house or other officer of the customs in Great Britain, or any officer ^n^ke any of the revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly entry out suffer to be taken, any entry outward, or shall sign any cocket, ward, C for warrant, or sufferance, for the shipping or exporting, of any of exporting any the said machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or im eld machines" plements, or any part or parts thereof, or any of the said models cor

plans, or any part or parts thereof, by this ast prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such customer, comptroller, surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of the custonhs of Great Britain, or officer of the revenue in Ireland, shall, for e very such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his office, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures herein before Penalties and mentioned (the manner of recovery whereof is not herein before forfeitures particularly directed) shall and may be sued for and recovered, j^and" by aetton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of session in Scotland, or in any of the four courts at Dublin, in the name of his majesty's attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name of some officer or officers of the custom in Great Britain, or some officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland respeduvety; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed y and that one moiety of the said penalties and forfeitures shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moir ety to the use of such officer or officers of the customs or revenue, as shall sue and prosecute for the same respectively, after deducting the charges of prosecution from the whole.,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid if oath shall be 'that, 1 from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, if any made before a person or persons hath or have in his, her, or their custody, pow justice of any cr, or possession, or shall collect, obtain, make, apply for, or f "h prohibi cause or procure to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, C being^n*press, paper, utensil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, tended to be or any such model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts exported, they thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that the same may ma J

be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or the*rion

Ireland, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or in whosepof more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices session they are of the peace, that there is reason to believe such person or per f°u°d may be fons hath or have in his, her, or their custody, power, or possess p^ra^the* (ion, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or next affixes, caused or procured to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, C press, paper, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any such model or plan, of models or plans, or part or parts

ajt Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. [1178.

thereof, as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that the same may be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the peace to issue his or their warrant or warrants to seize all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all such models or plans, or part or parts thereof as aforesaid, and to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, division, Shire, stewartry, or place; and if such person or persons shall not give such an account of the use or purpose to which such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the justice or justices before whom he, she, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justfcfe or justices to cause all such machines, engines, tools, press, paper, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models ot plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as aforesaid, to be detained, and also to bind the person or persons so charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, Shire, stewartry, or place where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable On nested of ^uret'es fr his, her, or their appearance; and in case such per giving securi son or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then tithe party and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such ju may* com dice or justices to commit such person or persons to the county nutted. gaol, prison, or house of correction, there to remain until the next ftffiees or quarter sessions of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course Penalty on of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be con convimoa. vied, upon any indictment or information against him, her, or them, alt such affixes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, of having in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, orcau fed or procured to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with such intent as aforesaid, then and in such case the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, Shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders respectively shall be convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. g$f7#

forfeiture shall be paid. Provided neverthelel^ That no ^ofecutionj9 person shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in this dause mentioned, unless such prosecution shall be eofflmen months, ced within the space of twelve month next after such offence shall be committed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Forfeitures That the respective forfeitures by this act inflicted upon offend (where not o ers against the same, shall, when recovered, (where the same is yided) togo not by this ak otherwise provided), go and be applied to the to theintorm use of the informer, after the expenses of the prosecution are r.

paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced against any per anions.

son for what he shall do in pursuance of this act, such suit or action shall be commenced within six months next xfter the

committed, and the person so sued may file common baii,

ojr enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not General issue,

guilty, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit or suffer

discontinuauce, or if a verdict pass against him or her, or if up treme cods.

on demurrer judgement shall be given hgainst the plaintiff, the

defendant shall recover, treble costs.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Not to extend extend to the preventing wool cards, or (lock cards, not exceed D wool caring in value four Shillings per pair, and spinners cards not exto Aramca. ceeding in value one shilline and sixpence per pair, used in the

laid woollen manufacture, from being exported to any of hi:

majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the more easy and fi>eedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the several parishes of the same town.

[Preamble.]

Beverley a town of great trade. Commissioners names, who aw? constituced a court of j ultice. Meetings every fourth Wednesday. Their meetings not to interrupt the bufinqfs of the justices. Commissioners powers, to near and determine catties, and give judgement, and make orders and decrees, and award execution with colls against body and goods.

Calting vote, if equally divided to be in mayor, or ienior alderman, or suit commissioner if the others be absent. When of die, or refuse to anew ones tb be chosen by the 'mayor and aldermen of Severn lay. The mayor and one alderman, or two aldermen, with six coinmif fsoners. ro be summoned to attend 4. weeks, and foin order every month.

Commissioners may fit though not summoned. In proceeding for recovery of debts under 40s. from inhabitants, or persons trading. Sic at Beverley, clerk to issue process to the sergeant, expressing the Turn demanded j to be served personally, or left at place of abode.in limits of Town. Upon proof thereof, three of to hear and determine. Commissioners to administer oaths. Upon nonappearance of defendant, to proceed ex parte, Commissioners, on nonapptarance of plaintiffs, See. may award costs. Commissioners may award execution) and may commit the party to common goal till he performs order, but not for longer than % months; and may levy upon the goods of the party. In case party absconds, second execution may be issued. If court order debt to be paid by inful aents, upon default, execution to issue for the whole. On execution, clerk*ttf

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. [1781.

to endorse the debt and colts, and costs of execution. To be superseded, in case defendant before Tale of goods, or apprehension, orexpration of time of iraprisonment, pay debt and costs, and i s. to clerk, and 2 s. 6d. for goal sees, (if committed.) parties may compromise without leave of the court. A discretionary power given to the of in respect to imprisonment and execution. V Attornies not privileged. Sergeant suffering escape, or goods to be carried a*ay, to pky the debt and costs. The commifron era oath. viz.

I A.B. do swear, or affirm, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my judgement, hear and determine such matters and things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an act of parliament for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the several parities of the same town, without fayour, afteftion, or prejudice to either party.

So help me GOD.

Eflericke Hancock, appointed first clerk; and Thomas Duncum sergeant. Future clerks and sergeants to be appointed by the of What fees to be taken. -; J 4

For issuing every summons, to the clerk, sixpence:

For service of every summons, and attending the court with return, to the sergeant, threepence:

For entering the cause, to the clerk, sixpence:

For every hearing, to the clerk, threepence:

For every order, to the clerk, threepences, '

For entering every order and making, to the clerk, threepence:

For service of every order against a party not in court, and attending with return, to the sergeant, sixpence:

For a nonsuit on the plaintiffs not appearing, to the clerk, twopence; For an attachment against the defendant for not appearing, to the clerk, sixpence:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, one shilling 1

For acknowledging satisfaction thereof, to the clerk, three pence 3 For an execution, to the clerk, one shilling:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, one shilling:

For a subpoena, to the clerk, sixpence:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, two penqe:

For paying money into court, to the cleric, sixpence;

For every search of the books, to the clerk, three pence

Costs to be awarded, not to exceed 7s. 10 d. (except for copies and service ofprocess, rule, or order, where several defendants.) Penalty on taking greater fees, aos. and not less than 103. Fines to be paid to trustee?, kc, of the poor of Beverley. Commissioners may for misbehaviour, fufoend or remove the clerk or sergeant. Commissioners or officers not to act where interested. Penalty on persons insulting the of or officer, 40s. and not less than 5s. to be levied by distress, or by imprisonment, not more than months. Application of fines, same as the former. Copy of this clause to be fixed up in the court. No action for debts recoverable in this court, to be brought in any other court. To what this act shall nor extend, viz. debt for relit on lease or contrast, where the title may come in question, or causes testamentary, or matrimonial, or belonging to eccfe radical courts, or wager, or contrast forale^c. or forfeiture on penal Statute, or bye-law, or any debt not within six years though under 40 s. Perjured persons to be punished by the laws for perjury. Gaolers to receive persons committed by this act. Penalty on their refusing, or tattering an escape, 51, and not less than 40 s. No attorney to act as advocate, attorney, or commissioner. Witness not obeying subpoena or summons, to be fined, 50s. and not less than 5 s. to be levied by distress with ccfts, and paid to party summoning such witncfe. No commissioner or officer to be

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. 275

sued until after notice given, one calendar month. Qualification of of to be an householder in Beverley, or pofpdled of a real estate ofol. per ann. or of a personal of 3001. affing without such qualification penalty,ol Commissioner to prove h»s qualification. Commissioner or officer may tender amends. Arc in one calendar month af er notice.

Plaintiff not to recover unless such notice be proved. Amends may be tendered pending the suit. No eviden' e to be givrn but what is contained in the notice. Limitation of actions in 6 months, and to be laid in Beverley, or county of York. The defendant may plead the general issue,

[Publick Act.]

have treble costs. V

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for further securing the property of the owners in such Ships or vessel as are liable to forfeiture for importing spirits or other goods, by the misconduct o f the masters, mates, and seamen.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the f9 Geo. 3. C more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of smug 69. recited, gling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned;,) it is, amongst other things, enabled, That where any foreign brandy, or other for ign spirituous liquors, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, from any part of Europe, in any vessel or cask which shall not contain sixty gallons at the leqft, (excepting only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and -bn board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two gallons for each Jeaman,) then not only the said brandy, and other foreign spirituous liquors, but also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported, of whatever burden the same may he, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited and lost: and whereas, by the said re cited aft, it is further enacted, That when any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, or other foreign spirituous liquors, are liable to forfeiture for being found on board any ships or vessels, coming or arriving from foreign parts, at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the parts of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the coasts thereof, or for having been discovered to have been within the limits of any port contrary to any act of parliament now in force, the ship or vessel, if coming or arriving from any part of Europe, on board of which such goods shall be so found, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, provided such ship or - vessel doth not exceed the burden of two hundred tonnes: and whereas, by the aforesaid in part recited act, and several other acts of parliament, hips or vessel of the descriptions therein mentioned, are liable to seizure and forfeiture for clandestinely importing, or having an board, any quantity of foreign spirituous liquors, tea, or coffee whatsoever, over and above the limited quantities of futh goods now allow id by law to be imported, whereby the owners of such fldps or vessel may fufiain great loss and injury in their property, by the misconduct of the m A fieri, mates, and mariners, navigating such hips or vessel: and whereas it would not only tend to the further feturity of the owners of Vol. XXXIII U Ships

276. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii IIIic. 39.

[178'!*,

hips or vejfeis of all descriptions, and of whatever burden the same may bey which by any low now in force are liable to forfeiture, but also be a means to prevent the illicit practice of smuggltngy if some further punishment was infixed upon the masters, matesy and seamen, having the charge and command of such Ships or vessels; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au after June thority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day4, 1781 vif the of 'Junty one thousand seven hundred and eighry one, if the any mailer of any ship or vessel, of which he has the charge an conceala&c. command, shall clandestinely hide or conceal, or fuss^r to be foreign fpi' clandestinely hid or concealed, by his mate or seamen, or any rits, tea, or of them, in any part of such ship or vessel, or in any chest oc c°r ^ibovc there thing belonging thereto, any quantity of foreign spirituous quamhv or liquors, over and above the quantity of two gallons for each, any other un feamari on board, or any quantity of tea above the weight of customed six pounds, or any quantity of coffee above the weight of nine goods, he shall teen pounds; or if the master of such ship or vessel shall clan for eitto^ is deftinely import, or liiffer to be clandestinely imported therein, any such foreign spirituous liquors, or any other uncustomed goods whatsoever, whereby the owner or owners of such ship or vessel become liable to any penalties, or whereby such ship or vessel itself is liable to be forfeited, the master of such ship or vessel shall not only forfeit to the owner or owners of such ship or vessel all his wages that shall be then due to him, but shall also forfeit treble the value of all such foreign spirituous liquors, tea, coffee, or any other uncustomed goods whatsoever, over and above the penalties to which the master of such ship or vessel shall be subject and liable by any of the laws now in force: which said penalties of treble the value of such goods so instidled by this act as aforesaid, shall be recovered of the said master by, and shall go to, the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and to no other person whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the mates or seamen, serving on board any ship or vessel of any burden whatsoever, shall clandestinely hide or conceal on go«?s rabove oar thereof, or shall import any quantity of foreign spirituous the quantity liquors whatsoever, (over and above the ordinary allowance of allowed by two gallons for each seaman on board,) or any quantity of tea,

lawr.»)ih*jr.4> above the weight of six pounds, or any quantity of coffee above

owners wages, and treble the value of the goods so concealed, CC

If the mates or seamen shall conceal

shall forfeit their wages,

the weight of nineteen pounds, then such mates or seamen, or and also tos. any f them, so offending therein, shall forfeit, to the owner or for every gal. owners of such ship or vessel, all the wages that shall be then Ion of foicign due to him or them, and shall also forfeit the sum of ten i^for ever eac^ fr every gallon of such foreign spirituous liquors,

pou n^otun? ai len*pound for every pound of such tea, and also

orcoffeej a like sum of ten Shillings for every pound of such coffee so by them clandestinely concealed or imported, over and above o the

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39.' ijf

the quantities of such goods now limited by law to be imported.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And, if in if such mates or seamen shall commit such offences as aforesaid, ear or any of them, in time of war, and which, according to the fcn* tharcc true intent and meaning of this or any other act, they are re years on drained from committing, it shall and may be lawful to and for board a man the owner of such ship or vessel to send such mates or seamen, war

or any of them, on board some of his majesty's ships of war, there to serve for the space of three years, except such as are old, disabled, or otherwise unfit for such service.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A printed That this act shall be printed, put up, and continued on some top. o? this*conspicuous part of every British ship or vessel trading to or ibm from any port of this kingdom; and that wherever the said conspicuous printed clauses shall be damaged, defaced, or destroyed, the maf parr of every ter of such ship or vessel shall cause the same to be immediately British trading replaced, under the penalty of one shilling a day for every day vc^cl* during such omission thereof; to be recovered of the said master

by, and be paid to,the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and seals of one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mates or sea if such mates or seamen who shall be so disab!ed from serving in m "n who any of his majesty's ships of war in time of war, as aforesaid, or if ^jfe

finch or any other mates or Teaman shall be found offending C may be

against the provisions of this act in time of peace, and shall committed for

neglect or refuse to pay the aforesaid penalties, being duly con three months.

victed thereof, or shall not have sufficient effects to answer the same, it shall and may be lawful (at the instance of the owner or owners of such ship or vessel) for one or more of his majesty's

justices of the peace, by warrant under his or their hands and

seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the county gaol

where such offence shall be committed, or wjiere such offender or offenders shall be apprehended or taken, for the space of

three months, and not less than six weeks.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Justices may said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for thte said justice or justices to mitigate, compound, cr lessen, any of the penalties incurred under this act, so as such mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety or half part of the said penalties respectively.

vji. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Proceeding aforesaid, That no order which shall be made by the said jut tice or justices of the peace by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

r any other proceedings to be had, touching the conviction or removable or convictions of any offender or offenders against this act, shall by Certiorari, be quashed or vacated, or be removed or removable by Certio m

rariy or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any or his Ma"

courts of record at Westminster, or to the general quarter ftflior* of the peace \ but that the order and determination of

U 2 such

limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

Treble Cosh.

Preamble, Recital of an act 19 Geo. a.

Act to Geo. 3*

and 19 Geo. 3-

Anno vicesimo priroo Georgii III. c. 40. [1781.

such justice or justices shall be final and conclusive in all cases, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter of thing in this act contained, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of six months after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of the said act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XL

An act for extending the provisions of three acts, wade in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, to British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or jlained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and ti lie t tings, exported during the time therein limited, and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax,) certain bounties were granted for the term of fifteen years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, upon the exportation <?/" British and Irish linens from Great Britain, to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the said act particularly mentioned and defer ibed: and whereas by another act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said bounties were continued for the further term of seven years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: cud certain other bounties were granted on thp exportation of British checked and flriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, Jheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth; end whereas by another act, made in the nineteenth year oj his present

Majijlfs

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 40. 279

Majiftfs reign, she bounties granted by the said recited acts were further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fe tten hundred and eighty six, and front thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and where/ts by an act passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, in the kingdom of Ire Act aogeo. land, certain bounties were granted on the exportation as well of 3* parliament plain as of printed, painted gained, and dyed linens, buckrams, and gountiei ro be tillettings, of the manufacture of that kingdom: And whereas the during manufacture of linen would be fill further improved, and the expor the continu tation thereof to foreign parts be preserved, and considerably increased, anf* of the if the bounties by the said recited acts granted were extended to British on/irish linens, and to British calicoes and cottons, printed, exportation painted, or Jlained, and dyed, in Great Britain, and to British and of British and Irish buckrams, or tillettings, and the duties on the importation dflrishbuck tbct spedes of blue called Smalts, taken off: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the lc ingf* king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of the laidiaft recited act, there shall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and Irish buckrams and tillettings, and for every yard of British or Irtfb linen, and of British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, of the breadth of twenty-five inches pr more, which, before the printing, painting, or staining thereof, shall be under the value of five pence per yard, the turn of one halfpenny; and of the value of five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny; and of the value of sixpence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen pence per yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny; which, during the continuance of this act, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America,

Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the same manner, and under the like provisions, conditions. limitations, and forfeitures, as in the said recited acts of the parliament of Great Britain, are mentioned and declared, touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After June 1, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven 17s*, (malts hundred and eighty-two, during the continuance of the said re may be im cited acts, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition duty whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken,

upon that species of blue, called Smalts, which shall be imported into this kingdom 5 any former law, Statute, or act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Hie above aforesaid, That the several bounties hereby given upon the ex mentioned portation of printed, painted, or stained linens, calicoes, and

cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, or buckrams, and tillet cots, C to

U 3 tings.

a8o Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 41 — 44.

[17b1.

bepa'd only tings, shall be paid during the continuance of the said la recit during the ed alt of the Irish parliament, and no longer j anything herein cf" he recited conla*nec^10 ie contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

liq, aa

CAP. XLI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

[Preamble.]

Towards the necessary supplies. Commissioners of the treasury may raie 1, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 178s, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax alb of this session, concerning loans, call clauses, See in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the same on the taxes by that alb, the rare of interest and as alter mentioned, extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1781, Albion not to lie for such refusal. Principal and intcrelt, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies, and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 178s, to be charged on the fmking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this alb; an act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mari notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

[Preamble.]

Towards necessary supplies. Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 900, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5. 178a. in manner as by the land tax alt of this session is prescribed. Sec. All clauses in the said act relating to loans or bill?, (except as to charging the same on taxes granted thereby, the rate of interest and as after mentioned) extended to this all. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged bciore April 6, 178a. Allion not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1782. to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this alb; an alb 5 & 6. Gul. & Mari notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for continuing an alb, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his jpresent Majesty, intituled An act for exempting the city of win chester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shiewftmry, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an alb, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of u the elclbions of members to ie; vein Parliament, '" so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the tle&tons of members to serve in parliament for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

Recites 10 Geo. 3. cap. 50 further continued until the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. XLLV.

An act for the more effectually securing to the royal hospital for jea men at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed shares ofprize and bounty money as fall arise from or in respect of any prizes to be»condemned and sold in his Majesty's dominions beyond the fca; and

so compel the more speedy payment thereof

WHEREAS

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44» ai

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, passed in the sixteenth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to j^ecjtaj of prohibit all trade and intercom fe with the colonies of New, 5 Hampshire massachusets 'Bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, Netoc. 5.

York, Afcu; Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or Shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of maftachufets Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned; } it was enabled. That all ships and vessels of, and belonging to the inhabitants of the said colonies, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, and all other ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which Should be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies, or going to trade, or coming from tracting, in any such port or place. Should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and effebls of open enemies, and Should be so adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever: and it was thereby further enacted.

That she flag officers, captains, commanders, and other commissioned officers in his ing]efly's pay, and also the seamen, marines, and soldiers on board, Should have the jve interefi and property of and in all and every such ship, vrjjel, goods, and merchandise, which they shouldfeize and take, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty,) to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty Should by proclamation direct: and it was by the said abl further enabled, That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes, which Should be taken in pursuance of or by virtue of the said abl, public notification or notifications Should be given and published in such manner as is therein particularly mentioned; after which several and rejpcbhve notifications, if any men's shares Should remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed for the sale and distribution of such prizes in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majesty's service, or which Should not be legally demanded within three years, then such Share or shares so remaining in the persons or agents hands, or belonging to such men as Should run from his Majesty's service, Should go and be paid to the use of Greenwich Hospital; it was by the said obi further enabled. That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and others, who Should sell or otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, Should, within the space of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed for the first payment or distributton to the captors of such prize or prizes, made in pursuance of such public notification, make out, and transmit or doti

u4 ver

232

Recital of 17 Geo. 3. c. 7.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. [1781.

ver unto the treasurer of the said royal hospital of Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or persons as he Should for that purpose depute or appoint, a true state and account in writings under the band or bands of such agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the payments of tke several shares to the captors as Should then have been really and bona tide by him or them reffectively paid, and also that all and every person and persons, agents, and others who, by virtue of the said act, Should sell or dispose oj any prize or prizes, which Should at any time or times thereafter be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or vffils of war, such person and persons, agent and agents, so filling and disposing thereof ', Should within the Jpace of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years, limited by the said act, make out on exact account in writing of the produce of all such prize and prizes, as also of the payments of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account, upon oath to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised, in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy and deputies, authorised as aforesaid, were thereby authorised and empowered to admimfier) of all sum and fiums of money as Should be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody power, or possession; and Should at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being or his sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts, so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then Jo left and remaining in his or their bands as aforesaid taking from the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and paid in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for enabling the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commissions to the commanders of private ships and vessels, employed in trade, or retained in his majesty's service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time,) it was enacted, That the several regulations and prew fions expressed and contained in the before recited act, and all clauses

matters and things, therein expressed and contained, Should be applied and made use of for effectually carrying the now reciting aft into execution, so far as the said regulations and provisions, dauses, provisoes, matters and things, contained in the said recited act, relate to or in any wise concern the condemnation, or other determination, of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and also tke appraisements and jales of prizes, and payment of prize money: and it was, by the said act, further enacted, That there fhculd be paid by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, upon bills to be made forth by the of of the navy, to be paid as therein mentioned, unto the officers, fiamen, marines, soldiers, or others, that Should be actually on board any of his Majesty's ships of war or merchant slip or

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. 283

Ships retained in his Majesty's ferviqe, to be commissioned as therein mentioned, its any action where any ship or Ships of war, or privateer or privateers, Should be taken from the rebels, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by virtue or in pursuance of the said act, five pounds for every man who was living on board any ship or Ships so taken. Junk, burnt, or oihertuife de/iroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them, the numbers of such men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted, Should be made payable to such person or persons as Should be authorised and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as directed by the said recited act, for nominating and appointing agents for ap fraisements and fates to be made as aforesaid, the same to be divided, distributtd, and appointed, amonyfi the captors, in such manner, foryn, and proportion, as therein mentioned; the several shares of which copters, if not legally demanded within three years after public notification, and alto of such as Should be run from his Majesty's service,

Should be applied to the use oj Greenwich Hospital: and whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of Recital of 19 his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of Geo.3tc. 67. seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy;,) after reciting that his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, was pleafid to order, that general reprizals be granted against the Ships, goods, and subjects, of the French king, and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and vessels that Should be commissioned by letters of mark, or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Should and might lawfully seize all Ships, vfjfels, and goods, belonging to the French king, or his fupjests, or others inhabiting within any the territories of the French kit gand bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions, it was enacted, That the fhg officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and feidlers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay,

should have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against France, after the same Should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his majesty, in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America, or elfraiberii to be divided in such proportions, and ofter such manner, as his Majesty had by his proclamation, of the sixteenth day September last, already orde ed and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Should think fit to order and dire ft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued for those purposes: and it was by the J'said act further enacted, That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes, which had been or Should be taken from the enemy by any of his majesty's Ships of war, public notification or notifications, in manner therein mentioned, Should be given by the persons or agents

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. [1781.

appointed, in pur frame of the powers contained in tie aid ail, fa the payment of the fever al/hares to the captors; after which feverd and respective notifications, if any men's hares Should remain in the bands of the persons or agents appointed for the sale and difir ibution of such prizes, in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majestfs service, or which Should net be legally demanded within three years, then such bare or bares fi remaining in tlx persons or agents hands, or belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majesty's service, Should go and be paid to the use of Greenwich Hospital; and it whs by the said act further intituled, That there Should be paid, by the treasurer of his Majesbjs navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commi(/oners of the navy, U be paid according to the course thereof, without fee or reward, unts the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who Should have been aftuafly on board any of his Majesty's ship or Ships of war, or privateer or pr 'tvaieers, at the taking, or sinking, or burning, or otherwise destroying, any hip or hips of war belonging to the enemy, ftnte the twenty ninth day of July one thousand seven hundred and event) eighty, five pounds for every man who was living on board any hip or hips, Jo taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise def rayed, at the beginning of the attack or engagement between them, the numbers of such men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted to the commanders, officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, of his Majesty's hips of war, for taking, sinking, burning,

or otherwise destroying, any Jhps of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's enemies, Should be made payable to such person or persons as should be authorised and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as therein is directed for the nominating end appointing agents for appraisements and faes, to be made as afotejaii, the Janie to be distributed and divided amongst the captors, in such manner, form, and proportion, as therein mentioned; the fivtrcl hares of which captors, if not legally demanded within three years after public notification, and aloof such as Should run from his Majesty's service, should be applied to the use of Greenwich Hospital: and it was thereby further enacted, That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and others, who should sell or otherwise dispo/e of any prize or prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, Should within the pace of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed sir the first payment or distribution to the captors of Juth prize cr prizer, meat in pursuance of such public notification, make out, and ironj mit or deliver unto the treofurir of the/aid royal hospital at Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or ersons as he Should sir that purpose depute and appoint, a' true state and account, in writing under the hand or bands of such agent or agents, or person or person Jo employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as afaefiio, together with gh account of the payment of the several hares to tie captors, as Should then have been really and truly by him cr them n spectively paid; and also that all and every person and persons, authorised and appointed by the said act, to receive bills for the bounty thereby granted, Should within the pace of three calendar months next

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. B

after the day appointed for the first payment or distribution of such bills, for the bounty as aforesaid, in like manner make out, and trans nit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being of the said hospital,

r to his sufficient deputy, a true state and account, in writing under his or their hand or hands, of the payment and distribution of such bills \ and further, That all and every person and persons, agents, and others, who by virtue of the said acts Should sell and dispose of any prize or prizes, which had already been, or Should at any time or times thereafter be taken from the said enemy by any ef his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or who Should receive or dispose of any bill or bills for bounty, such person and persons, agents, and others, so selling end iifposing thereof, Should, within the space of the three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of tpree years, limited by the said act, make out an exact account, in writing of the produce of such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as also of the pay mint of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account upon oath, to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised, in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy or deputies, authorised as aforesaid, were thereby authorised and empowered to administer) of all sum and sums of money as Should be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power, or possession, and Should at the same time deliver, or cqufe to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the said! accounts so attestei upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his of their bands as aforesaid, taking jrom the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same: and whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Ma Geo. 3. cap. fifty, (entitled. An a to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for m king further provisions for those purposes)) reciting that his Majesty, by order in council, dated the eighteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, was pleased to order, that general reprizals be granted against the ships, goods, and subjects, of the king of Spain, and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and ships, as also all other ships and vessels that Should be com mijfmed by letters of mark, or general9reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Should and might lawfully seize all ships, vessels, end goods, belonging to the king of Spain, or his subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions; it was enacted, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every slip and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, Should have the Jole interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken fines the eighteenth day of June,

286 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0, 44. [1781.

one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of hofiilities against Spain, after thf*same Should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majestyf in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or it his Majesty's plantations in America, or elsewhere, to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty bad by his )proclamation of the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Should think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued for iboft purposes; and reciting, that tithe act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, herein before recited, feverdl prcvifms and regulations were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the said act intended in the prosecution of hostilities against France, it was enacted, '[hat the several regulations and prcvifms respecting the grant of commissions or letters of mark, the persons acting, and the captures made, under the author ity of such commijfi ens or Utters of mark, and all other clauses, provisoes, matters and things, contained in the said act, Should extend, and be conjirued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions or letters of mark, to the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, for general reprizals against the Ships, goods, and subjects of the king of Spain, and all other matters or things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the hostilities against Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same regulations, provisiens, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had bren particularly repeated and re enacted in the said act: and whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of Recital of 11 seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning his o. 3, cap. majesty's navy,) after reciting that his Majesty, by order in council dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that general reprizals be granted against the ships, goods, 'and subjects, of the fates general of the United Provinces; and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and Ships, as alfi edl other Ships and vessels that Should be commissioned by letters of mark or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's commissl entrs for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Should and might laivfully seize all Ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the states general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the Jlates general of the United provinces, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty dominions; it was enacted, 7 hat the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen'

'and joidlers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, Should have the foie inttrefl and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of hostilities again the states general of the United Provinces, after ft re same Should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Mash

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. j

)efly, in any of his Majestfs courts of admiralty in Great Britain; or in his Majtjlf s plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty had, by his proclamation of the twenty seventh day of December, one'iboufand seven hundred and eighty, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Should think fit to order and d/refli by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be 'jfued for those purposes; reciting, that by the acts of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his present: Majfty, herein before recited, several provisions and regulations were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the said acts hit ended in the prosecution of hostilities against France and Spain, it was enacted,

That the several regulations and provisions, refipefling the grant of tmmissions or letters of mark, the persons a sling, and the captures made under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, and all other clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, Should extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions and letters of mark, to the persons a sling, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark for general reprizals again the fr ips, goods, and subjects, of the fates general of the United Provinces, and all aether matters or things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the continuance of hostilities again the states general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and ajfeflually, to all intents and purposes, as ij the same regulations, provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the said act: and whereas the several provisions contained in the said acts, arc in many cases insufficient to compel the payment of such forfeited and unclaimed fljares of prize and bounty money, as remain in the hands of the agents in America, and other his Maiefifs dominions beyond the sea, at the expiration of the term limited by the said acts to the treasurer of the said hospital: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and af From Nov. ter the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and 1781, agents, eight one, all and every person and persons, agent and agents, wh°(ha; i and others, who shall sell or otherwise dispose of any prize, so prize, or re^' be taken as aforesaid from any of his majesty's enemies, or uive'any who shall receive any bills for the bounty granted by the said bounty bills acts, shall, within the space of three calendar months next after within the day to be appointed for the first payment or distribution to j^bvendof the captors of such prize, and bounty bill or bills, made in every 3 pursuance of the notification by the said recited acts direct months du CD and also at the end of every three calendar months, during ring jyeare, the term of three years, limited by the said recited acts, 'make out and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such person or per count of the fons, as the treasurer of the said hospital shall, from time to produce of time, for that purpose depute or appoint, in the colony, island, or place; in which such prize shall be condemned or sold.*f^oilow

state and account in writing, under the hand or b'-as ot iuc" "ig.

agent

*98

Form of the account.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. [1781.

agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, containing the name of such prize, and the gross and net produce thereof, the number of persons entitled to share therein, distinguishing their several dalles, with the name and names of the ship and ships, and also of the captain or captains, and commanders, by which the same was taken, together also with the payments of the several shares as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively said; which account and accounts shall be made and delivered in the following form:

AN Account of the gross and net produce of the a

prize, taken by his majesty's ship the captain

commander, and of the bounty bills in respect thereof, (in case any bounty is payable,) as also of the numb of persons entitled to share in such prize and bounty, (in caff any bounty is payablej distinguishing their dalles, with the payments of the several shares between (the daf

advertised for payment) and

Gross produce of prize, and amount of, bounty bill, (in case any bounty is payable J

Net produce.

d.

Number of persons of each class entitled to share

- Commissioned officers Warrant officers

Petry officers Able, C

nc

Ntnpher of persons of each ciafs paid; flic (inn pafflia each, and the total.^';

- Captain -

- Commissio^. officers

- Warrant officers, at

- Petty officers, at

- Able, cat -

'X

each, Ts

each, is -

each &.

is'r

Total -

A.B. Agent, (or one of the agents.)

JJ

290 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. [1781.

and in case any person or persons, entitled to share in the produce of such prize, shall not be cntirled to share in the bounty money payable in respect thereof, then a distinct account of the amount of the bounty bifls, the net produce, and distribution thereof, shall be asso delivered to the deputy of such treasurer, by the agent or agents of such prize, at the same time and times, and agreeable to the form herein before prescribed for accounts of prize and bounty money, and the payments thereof. A t CII And be it further enacted, That in case any person or peril egletting to fons, agent or agents, or others, who shall so sell or dispose of deliver such any prize or prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, and shall refuse account, shall or neglect to deliver any such account, in manner and form as forfeit tool tie same js herein before directed, to such person or persons as shall be so deputed by the treasurer of the said hospital, and at such times as are herein before limited and appointed for that purpose, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

Treasurer of

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law the hospital, or full to and for the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy, his deputy may or person appointed by him in that behalf, and he and they is inspectagents ancj are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, at any prize lists, C time or times, within one calendar month after the expiration of the term of three years limited by the said ate, to have recourse to and inspect all prize lids and pay lids of any such a gent or agents, or person or persons as aforesaid, respedking any prize or prizes, the forfeited and unclaimed shares of which are by the said recited ah directed to be applied to the said hospital, and to take copies of the whose of such accounts, or such part or parts thereof as he or they shall think necessary, such copies to be begun before the expiration of the said calendar month. Agents, CIV And be it further enacted, That in case any such agent or a6ents> or person or persons as aforesaid, shall, within forfeit sooi.° time herein before limited for inspecting such lids, refuse to produce, or shall not produce, to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy, or person appointed as aforesaid, upon requed, such lids, and suffer him or them to inspect and peruse the same, and to take such copies thereof, or of such parts thereof, as he or they shall think necessary; such agent or agents, person or petons, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, 'That such person and persons, in three with" agent and agents, shall, within the space of three calendar months after months next after the term of three years limited by the said the term of as, make out an exact account in writing of the produce of

three years such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as also of the

i^dted a2t*the Payments of the several shares to the respective captors, toge are to make there with a just and true account, upon oath, to be taken be oatan me fore the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any count of the other person or ersons by him for that purpose deputed and au pri«scand thorised, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and bounty bills, his sufficient deputy and deputies, are hereby authorised and C empowered

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44; 291

empowered to administer) of all sum and sums of money as

shall be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power, or possession, on account of such prize and prizes and bounty bill or bills; and shall at the same time deliver, or deliver cause to be delivered, unto such person or persons as the said the same, with treasurer shall depute and appoint for that purpose, in the the balance in colony or island in which such prize or prizes shall be so con hand, to the demned or sold, the said accounts so attested upon oath as afore p^rj[on £1 said, and pay over or tender to the said deputy or deputies, all treasurer* remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said de puty or deputies his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such agent or a ort gents, or persons, shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said last agents neg mentioned account or accounts, to the deputy or deputies of kcting to deli the treasurer of the said hospital, within the time before limit yer such ac ed for the same, in manner and form as is herein before mentis count, # oned; or if such agent or agents, or persons, shall negles or reor to pay such fuse to pay over, or tender to the said deputy or deputies respect b*l*nce. ively, all and every such sum and sums of money as shall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, custody, or possession,

after the term of three years so limited by the said acts, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the amount of the sum or sums of money (if any) which were in such agent or agents hands, power, custody, or possession, at the expiration of the terrn of three years limited by the said acts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Agents oblige That, for the better discovery of all such forfeited and unclaimed to answered shares of prize and bounty money as shall remain in the h, bills, hands of any agent or agents, or person or persons aforesaid, af them inter the term of three years, so limited by the said acts, such fny court Of agent or agents, or other person or persons aforesaid, shall be equity, obliged and compellable to answer, upon oath, such bill or bills, information or informations, as shall be hied against him or them in any court of equity, for discovering the moneys remain*in his or their hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such agent or Penalty on agents, or person or persons as aforesaid, shall make use of, agent making commit, permit, do, or suffer, any fraud, collusion, or deceit,

in making up, stating, or balancing any of the accounts hereinbefore directed, he and they so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, (over and above the penalties and punishments inflicted by this act) the sum of one hundred pounds

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be Penalties and applied to the use of the said royal hospital; and shall and may forfeitures ble sued for and recovered, with costs of suit, in the name how to be r*m of the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Grewwhb, in the county of Kent by action Vol. XXXIII X of

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44. [1781.

of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record in the colony or place where such agent or agents shall reside and be, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of being

forfeited by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, bear insert the title of the afi,] wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said re part of the cited acts as imposes a penalty of one hundred pounds on agents

rec tafd* alk p^0118 not transmitting or delivering the accounts therein repea e. mentioned to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy or agent, or within the time therein limited, or neglecting to pay over such sum and sums of money as therein mentioned, shall (except as to agents for prizes condemned in Great Britain) be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. And whereas sundry Ships and vessels belonging to his Majes this act to fy's enemies have been, and may, before the first day of November, Crfzesdalready one ^oufand seven hundred and eighty one, be taken and made prize taken or* of by his Majesty's Ships of war, and no distribution of the produce which may be of such prizes, or of the bounty money in respect thereof \ may have taken before been made before the said first day of November, be it further of°the*ro* cna<^c<^ authority aforesaid, That in case any ship or

duce whereof vessel belonging to any of his majesty's enemies hath already no distribu been, or shall, before the first day of November, one thousand tien shall have seven hundred and eighty one, be taken and made prize of by noro?the* any Majesty's P.S. war, anc no distribution of the probounty mo ^ucc f ^uc*1 pr*ze> or f the bounty money in respect thereof, ifey, on or be shall have been made on the said first day of November, that then fore the said and in every such case the several clauses, provisions, regulations, Nov'*and penalties, contained in this act, shall, and are hereby declared to extend to every such prize, and to the bounty money in respect thereof, and also to all agents and others appointed or to be appointed for the condemnation and sale of such prize, in i such and the same manner, and as fuljy and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such prize were taken after the said first day of November; anything herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con thu aft not a; nccj shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any capture cawuki con which shall be condemned or sold in any port or place within demned or Great Britain, nor to any bounty money arising therefrom or in sold in Great respect thereof, nor to any agent or agents, or person or persons, Britain, C to^appointed for the condemnation or sale of such capture; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 45. 293

CAP. XLV.

An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for appointing and enabling of to examines take, and state the public account of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hand of accountants, which may be applied to the f public fcrvjqe; and what defects there aie in the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for'public mopey; and in what more expeditious and effectual* and Iels expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public

WHEREAS by an act, made in thelassessian of pat liament, (entitled. An act for appointing and enabling of to examine, take, and state the public accounts 10 gco*t of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands C*

of accountants, which may be applied to the public services and what defers there are ip: the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public moneys and lin what more expeditious and effectual, and less expen five manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried oh for the benefit >of the public), certain perfims 'therein homed were eonjhtuted of for examining, iukhtgd and tbtat \ counts of all duties, taxes, and moms, granted, raftd, And appropriated for the public service of this kingdom, witch bad been iffuod to any persons br perfifis whatsoever, whnfe, final octomitf/have tootbi! therto fain faffed before the auditor of the imprefidattending to the forms of the exchequer, or who/e accounts, although\passed, 'Mtketou

for fexvfces which have been performed finte the first faydfi ljanua.

ry, one thousand seven hundred and fevttety six \ and also'of'm hob, M'f

duties, taxes, and moneys, which (hold thereafter be granted, raised, t,

and appropriated for the public service of this kingdom^kt anytime jift; rr; before the determination of the said act, and of all arrears thereof; bk^f and also for examining and sating in what manner, and at whot ' 5 "

times, the receipts, issues, and expenditures of the said public moneys were then accounted for, and for considering of and reporting by. what means and methods the public accounts might in futsift be puffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances or moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less. expenfme manner: And whereas the said of have made a confident bit progress in the execution of the powers vefied in them by the said. and have, in the course and order of the examinations uni proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof fiated and reported to his Majesty, and to parliament, funiry matters of great impor/dnek akd concern to the public service, and it is highly expedient that the ck- quiries into, and examinations of the otper accounts, matters, and things, referred to' them by the said act, hold be continued and finished, and the result of them fiatei, "for the further information end faiitfaction of his mcijefiy'and his people, be it therefore enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and the advice

294

commiflxon ers appointed to examine and date the public accounts of the kingdom.

The recited act to continue in force after July 5, 2787*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 45. [1781.

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That lieutenant general sir Guy Carleton, Thomas Anguish esquire, Arthur Piggott esquire, Richard Neave esquire, Samuel Beachcroft esquire, and George Drummond esquire, or anylhrec or more of them, shall be, and are hereby constituted coramif iioners for examining taking, and dating the accounts in the said recited act mentioned; and also for examining and dating in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, issues, and expenditures of the said public moneys are now accounted for, and for considering of and reporting by what means and methods the public accounts may in future be patted, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances of moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive manner; and that the said act, and every clause, matter, and thing' contained therein, and all the powers and authorities given to the (and of therein named, or any three or more of them, shall be and continue in full force and virtue, to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and, eighty one and shall and may be executed by the of hereby constituted, or any three or more or them,

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority m empowered aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of to examine ac them, are hereby authorised and empowered to examine the fe ^aordina^"veral accounts of extraordinary services incurred, and not pro fences not vided for by parliament, which have been laid before the house provided for of commons since the first day of January, one thousand seven by parliament, hundred and seventy six, and shall have the same powers and houftcoffc ^- authorities in that respect as are given to the said of mons, since*11* appointed by the said recited act, for taking and dating the accounts therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person appointed a commissioner by this act, shall accept of or hold any civil office of profit during pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the continuance of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said of in this act, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, or before the master of the rolls for the time being, (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and re the chancellor quired to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; of the exche (that is to say), quer, See. V J

Commission

Jan. t91776.

No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleasure under his Majesty.

Any three of the of to be sworn before

The oath. T A.B. do swear, That, according to the hest of my jkiu and how

A ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the severed powers and trusts veiled in me by an act, (entitled. An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, .44 An act for appointing and enabling of to examine, take, and date the public accounts of the kingdom j and to report what balances are in the bands

"of

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. $95

ft of accountants, which may be applied to the publick service;

and what defers there are in the present mode of re u ceiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less,

'expensive manner, the said f^rvices can ip future be regulat u ed and carried on for the benefit of the public; ") according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said of in this act named The said three shall likewise take the fameoathfbefctfe the said three commissioner, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the the oath to the same after they (half themselves have taken the said oath as rest, aforesaid. t

V. And be it further enacted, That the lords of ^furymay of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are payi>0ool. to hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all the order of such turns xrfmoney, not exceeding, two thousand pounds, tortbe commit such person or persons as the said of, or any three or.fiodcrf' more of them, hall, by writing under their hands desire or direct,

out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his.

majesty's exchequer; which urns, so iflyed and paid shall be^hcreo? n

employed fxk the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers,

and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about

the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and

in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the aid of,

or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals, in that behalf; the same to be accounted

for by the person or ersons to whom Jhe same shall be issued of

paid, according to the course of his mqefty's exchequer, with r

out any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the

issuing and payment of the (hme on the passing t>f the said accounts,

othfr than such sum ther$y of, or any

three or more of them, shall appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such public atf» Executor of countant is dead, the executors'of administrators bf such deceas accountants ed accountant shall, when required thereto by the of,

or any three or more of them, attend the said of, andexecute and obfenre and exeoute the orders and directions of the said their order, of, in like manner as accountants by this act are required to do.; f J.

VIJAND be it further enacted, That this act, so far as recontinuance latesto the powers of taking, examining, and (fating accounts, f this act, and administering of oaths and issuing of precepts, Sail endure for tlip spape of one year from the fifth day of July, one thoi^ send seven hundred and eighty one, and no longer.

XLVI

- p n «.

An act to enable John Bowater esquire, to grant 1eases, ln possession dr jeversion, of n dockyard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his settled estate)) the priodpal officers and eanuniffionera of his majesty's navy, in behalf of his majesty*fcia heirs and(bocefiorf. <77 rri

Xj Preamble

vicesiftio primo geokgir III C 47; [1781.

[Preamble.]

Recital of an indenture, dated Dec. if, 1775* 'r^tal of indentures of lease apd release, dated Jijly 301 and July 31* 177?. Term of 500 years to Robert Bathurst and Arthur Gregory, C upon trutt tq provide for younger children. Commisltoners of the navy haye pro

Sofed to take a long sease of the premises comprised in the recited sh enture of lease 5rc. John Bowaterimpo were d to lease the said premifer. td* them, in behalf of his Majesty, for any term of yean; feferving the best relit that can be got ter the same, without, taking any premium, CC To whom the said relit shall be payable. General saving.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to amend and enlace the powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of hu pfefent majesty's reigif, for performing fevehfl Works, and;

; improvements within the university and city of Oxford, and the suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining parish ot Saint Clement.

ipreamble. Recital of an act it, Geo. 3. A new stone bridge over the rivercherwill; near Magdalen Chllege not completed, and other works doixt gnd a debt incurred. Present term of the taiupfor si years not ioflficient to, complete the dettg^. The terdyef fyrmeraft respecting Lollt^. C continued for a further term of i years. Double, toll on Sundays To be col left ed, ' t. by former aftf. Passengers ?n; returned carnages to pay. 'Expense of cleansing and lighting the bridge: dut if the sobs,: fsnalty for damaging the bridge, ftp. if)not felony 5^ betides damhgn9.rr Penalty on getting over the bridge, buiwfrg Of fdvnf* ing trees.^c, net it xps. and continuing nuifante ia days after notice 5$. per dayr c?ommitttoners empowered to widen the High Street. Act ihpealed, as to paymgexpences of paving out of rhetoll*. All the ftie^tst lanes, die,6 be t)sw^pavcd. Method of rauwfg oionvy for paving, .*©.*, pairing, cieansing, £hd lighting. { two hubs of qeceflary fuins raised maind.er by pound rates Tor rpai deanfing thfe streets; C by Vhe otctjpiers. Limitation of moneys to be raised, thrtttfifths to be paid by ovtners\ sot paving is. per i.per annum; by occupiers for repairing as. per 1. pin: annum, and or cleansing 1 s per 1. per annum. All arrears due to coufractors, C to be paid. Rates to be recovered as by the former act. tjhe univernty to pay their proportion. The univfffify to kfccrtiin the futo they adjudge to be the quota of each college Or; bell uifi?eriity<£de0uft a reasonable allowance" for., thie expmceiiijdelloftangi i^ejcmptions from the jhf public market, and pa&ur©> dr arable Undent}

gardens.above an acre, used for me_otpjro4ucetla; )d p^f/om fxcufed from 'poor's rit ort account 6f pbvfc'iryt1 J'application of'mctarfy arising by the - rates, for the purposes in thwift ^ridbb other. TP C

; or fasr^art paving cates; tome pave ttceecn the dame fbau beal 4ojwed 4 % paidan fequty rate. The freer called jie/3'url tp b w^de^d. Incapacitated persons empowered to (ell and convey, if parties neglect to treat, q. damages to bc^ascertained by a jury, vyben eftdtes art paid for twe passager may be Widsmkf.^ Time lfonttfecf Wpsying phrehafe money: thrce cafendar months.fife? decree noaoedf

callyig Atjo W y «° proceedings: swfepp* qr pu^afe dot paid in

time, t L

money

that a new mairfcthas beerlt: bropaefec[, be sold in 14 hours, if not replevied. Butter, eggs, and fruit, to be sold in the new market only. jem? fns]t (bid by inhabitants in their own (hops, of their own growth, or purchased in the said market.) Foreign4kait excepted., f Pet tom to pay for selling wf tbfcnfeihtbe are onrtbe notah of tue marktt.^ Recital of agtotmentf, tbttfc>tbs; new jmrkct ihau be afiegbd m xbc paritti of AH fiaints, at the rite of i^ql^ perajinom.and st.: n^ifflaelu, at^lpefcansupi* The above agreements confirmed. Penalty on making obstructiona in the avenues from the High Stnetc to.mi.rih f the

*97

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48.

the market 5s. and not left than is. Penalty on breaking lamps', cos. each. Stage wagons and post chafes not to be left in the streets. Penalty on caunng nuisances; for first offence 10s. second 15s. and third sos. The former a extended to projecting blinds, and to other nuisances in the streets, Sic. or in the parish of St. Clement. For emptying pools of stale into the lirects, except between twelve at night, and four in the morning, to forfeit 10s. Clause in former a for sweeping the streets twice a week, repealed: and seven or more of may contra with scavengeis for cleansing the streets, See. twice in every week, wherein to be specified the work to be done, the manner and time of doing it, and the price and a penalty for nonperformance, and public notice to be given previous to such contra; to be paid out of the money raised for cleansing and lighting. Nuisances by filth, Sec. Penalty for fist offence 5s. second 7s. 6d. and third ios. Times of emptying bog houses, C between twelve at night and five in the morning in summer, and four in winter. Carting filth in streets, Sec. penalty 40s. and not under 20s. Foot paths to be swept by the inhabitants. Scavengers duty; to carry away filth, See. brought out of houses, immediately after the streets are swept, and to sweep twice a week the foot paths not adjoining to some college, hall, or hftuse, on penalty of 20s. betides the penalty in contra. Qualification of of possessed of 401, in lands, or 8001. personal estate, on penalty in the former a. Commissioners* oath. viz.

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bona fide am in my own right, or in the right of my wife, in the a#ual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, above reprizes, or possessed of, or entitled to, a personal estate to the amount of eight hundred pounds.'

Fellows of colleges, and students of Christchurch, may a without any other qualification. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as by the former a, and applied one moiety to the informer, and the other to thq purposes of this act. Expenses of this a, to be paid out of the first though ney anting. Former a continued with this.' Public a.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to dir ell the payment into the exchequer of the respective balances remaining in the hands of the several persons therein named for the use and benefit of the public j and for indemnifying the said respective ptrjons, and their representatives, in respeli of such payments, and agatnjl all furture claims relating thereto; and far other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an all of parliament, made in the twentieth p,

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Ana Recitaj 0} tq for appointing and enabling of to examine, take Geo. 3< Wp and state the public accounts of the kingdomj and to report 54. what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defe#s there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, iisuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public; it was enabled

Thai lieutenant general sir Guy Carleton, Thomas Auguish ef

tyre, Arthur Piggott esquire, Richard Neave esquire, Samuel eachcroft esquire, James Tierney esquire and George Drummond esquire, or any three of them Should be, and were thereby constituted

298 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48. [1781.

commissioners for examining, taking, andfating the accounts rif all duties, taxes, and moneys, granted, roifed, and appropriated, for the public service of this kingdom, which bad been issued to any pert son or persons whatsoe^jer, whose final accounts had not then been passed before the auditor of the imprest, according to the forms of the exchequer, or whose accounts, although passed, had been for services which had been performedfince the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ftx; and for considering of, and reporting by what means and methods the public accounts might in future be pqffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances, and moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and lefi expensive manner: and to the intent that the public might sooner avail themselves of same of the advantages intended to be derived from the said act, it was thereby further enacted, That the aid of Should in the first place, take an account of the public moneys in the hands of the several accountants, and for that purpose Should call on them to deliver in a cash account, and Should consider what sum it might be proper to leave in the hands of each accountant respectively, for carrying on the services to which the same was or might be applicable, and what sums might be taken out of their hands to be disposed Third report of by parliament for the public service: and whereas six of the said of the com of, by their third report, bearing date the sixth day of March,

icd^ma* h rt' thousand seven hundred and eighty one, under their hands and«"tl«seals and by them presented to the house of commons in pursuance of Balances in the said act, did certify, that the sum of seventy six thousand fevtn the hands of hundred ninety three pounds, eighteen Billings, and one penny farth the late trea ing, was then remaining in the hands of several of the late treasurers luier* of t, he pj frls juajefifs navy who had resigned their offices, or in the hani{ h*vy» C ifo respective executors, administrators, and assigns, or the perfo rial representatives of suck of them as were dead, (videlicet,) the sum of twelve thousand three hundred and sixty pounds, three Jbiflings, and jour pence three fflrthings, remaining in the hands of the right honourable George Nugent earl Temple, the personal representative pj the right honourable George Grenville deceased, Iqte treasurer of his Majesty s navy, the sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty three pounds, seven billings, and one penny three farthings, remaining in the bends of the right honourable William lord viscount Barrington in the kingdom of Ireland, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy -, the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and six pounds, eleven/billings, and five pence three farthings, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Richard lord viscount Howe in the kingdom cf Ireland, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy -, and the sum of twenty seven thousand five hundred sixty three pounds, sixteen billings, and one penny, Remaining in the hands of sir Gilbert Elliot baronet the Fourth re personal representative of the right honourable sir Gilbert Elliot ba

port, dated ronet deceased, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy: and whereas,

April 9, 17ji. fa the fourth report, bearing date the ninth day of April, one theu balances in Jan seven hundred and eighty one, under the hands and jeals of six of of the hands the said of, and by them presented to the house of commons the late pay in pursuance of the said act, the said of did further cer xnafters gee tify, that the sum of three hundred seventy seven iboufand seven bun*eighty weight pounds, five shillings, and even pen, was then remaining

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48. 399

maining in the handi of the paymaster s general of his Majesty's forces who had resigned their offices, or tn the hands of the heirs, executors, ftiministrators, and assigns, or the per final representatives of such of them as were dead 5 (videlicet,) the sum of two hundred fifty six thousand four hundred fiftyfix pounds, two billings, and fourpence, remaining in the hands of John Powell esquire, the only acting executor of the late right honourable lord Holland deceased, late pay tnafter general of his Majesty's forces; the sum of forty four thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, four billings, and eight pence remaining in the hands of the right honourable Caroline baroness Greenwich, administratrix to the right honourable Charles town shend deceased, also late paymaster general of his Majestfs forces 5 the sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight pounds, three shillings9 and ten pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Frederick lord North, and George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the late George Cooke esquire deceofid, late joint paymaster general of his ma jefifs for as with the said Frederick lord North; and the sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy one pounds, fourteen billings, and nine pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Thomas Townshend, and the said George John Cooke, and Charts Molloy, the personal representatives of the late George Cooke, esquire deceased, late joint paymaster general of his Majestfs forces. with the said right honourable Thomas Townshend: and whereas it is highly proper and expedient that the said several balances or " sums of money, amounting in the whole to the sum of four hundred fifty four thousand five hundred eighty two pounds, three billings, and eight pence farthing, Should be paid into his Majestfs exchequer, to be iifposed of by parliament for the public service, notwithstanding the final accounts of the per sins to whom the said sums were ifftced have not been passed before the auditor of the imprefi, according to the forms if the exchequer; and that the said several persons, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, Should be fully indemnifiedin respect of such payments into the exchequer be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, on or before the twenty-fourth dav of October, in the The sum of year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, 75*7061. it. the sum of seventy three thousand seven hundred and six pounds, 4<bthe one shilling, and fourpence halfpenny, being the balance re mafning^n"the maining in the hands of such of the said late treasurers of his Ma hands of the Majesty's navy who are nonliving, and in the hands of the perfo late treasurers Inal representatives of such of them as are dead, in the several of the navy, proportions following; that is to say, the sum of twelve thousand jnt^the ex*three hundred and sixty pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence chequer on or three farthings, remaining in the hands of the right honour before 06*. able George Nugent earl Temple, the personal representative of the*» said right honourable George Grenville deceased; the sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty^three pounds, seven Shillings, and one penny thrfc farthings, remaining in the hands of

o

The sum of 377, 7«8l- s

7 d. the balance remaining in the hands of the late paymasters general, See. to be paid into the exchequer on or before 061.4, j7s1.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48. [1781.

the said right honourable William lord viscount Barrington in file kingdom of Ireland; the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and six pounds, eleven Shillings, and five pence three farthings, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Richard lord viscount Howe in the kingdom of Ireland; the sum of twenty-four thousand four hundred eventy five pounds, nineteen Shillings, and fourpence farthing, remaining in the hands of the said sir Gilbert Elliot baronet, the personal representative of the said right honourable sir Gilbert Elliot baronet deceased; making in the whole, the said aggregate sum of seventy three thousand seven hundred and six pounds, one shilling, and fourpence halfpenny, or so much of the said several balances or sums of money as shall then remain in the hands of the said several and respective persons unapplied to the services, charges, and demands, to which the same are respectively liable, shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and be applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this present session of parliamentj and the said riersons in whose hands the said several sums are remaining, arc hyteby respectively directed and required to pay the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of October in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the said aggregate sum of three hundred seventy seven thousand seven hundred eighty eight pounds, five Shillings, and seven pence, being the balance remaining in the hands of such the said late paymasters general of his majesty's forces u^ho are now living, and in the hands of the personal representatives of such of them as are dead, in the several proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of two hundred fifty six thousand four hundred fifty six pounds, two Shillings, and fourpence, remaining in the hands of the said John Powell the only acting executor of the said late right honourable Henry lord Holland deceased j the sum of forty-four thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, four Shillings, and eight pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Caroline ba ropefs Greenwich, the personal representative of the said right honourably Charles Townshend deceased; sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight pounds, three Shillings, and ten pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honour, Frederick lord North, and of the said George John Cooke^and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the said late George Cooke esquire deceased; the sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy one pounds, fourteen Shillings, and nine pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Thomas Townshend^ and of the said George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the said late George Cooke esquire deceased; or so much of the said several balances or sums of money as shall then remain in the hands of the said sese*al and respective persons unapplied to the

services.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

fcwipcpn charges, and demands, so which the same are tefpee tively liable, shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer minter, and be applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons'of Of tat Britfiinjo this present session of parliament; and the said persons in whose hands the said fe veraf luhts 'are i^smjrt§, 1 are hdwby rfctpfe&ivetyditetsfed*n<l required to pay the same according. Ifj and ir is hereby fyr^fr ejtaa<^ and d?^?r^>'^ha^ P Upon pay. on payment of the leyctal apd relpeifti.ve lup's herein before ment of the mentioned or ahypajt tbtreofppfpeiai velyvbjr<he several and sum*bov.e' respe^iy^efron»..a^rr«(tid, into the receipt of hi? majesty's ex seva'idvate chequer the fever; ?! apd respective perigrvs afprcfejdr^qd, their trealbrers of respective heir, administfatorsj spd adigns, and the the navy, and heirs, executors, administrators, and©8p?v of he respective, pajrmaster?. lawjltearmers of h^'^tjesty's navy, and rsymasters general of J his majesty's forces, deceased, and they, each. id overy of rhaii'be ac thenty and their and every of their respective lands, tenements, quitted and good and chamdfertitfll be, and er^he.reby acquitted, difr. ^j3a^d for charged, and exonerated, agtdoft'hw Majesty, bip heirs and fuc ceflhes, and all and every person and personss whatsoever, for, and ip retped of all and every fitch fom and sums of money as. shall be (o paid inco the exchequer s aforesaid, and credit! shall be '->. i grvenand allowed for the same kj the respecttiw account of the said. late treasurers of his majesty's navy, and late paymftttgra general of his majesty's forcfes, and their representatiyes.ihy the .]

auditor or auditors of the imprdtts, of producing ai tfthy or tal

the respective fonts so to be paid into the receipt of'hi* -

majesty's exchequer; any afi or affc.of parliament, of any cuf, '

toon or ufagr? to; the contrary thereof in any fe Itolwith* sending. I, to '.*, 1. i.c...«; t >'

riv. And be it further enacted by rthe authority aforesaid, Commission that the copundboners of his majesty's treaftiry now or for the ers f the time being, octapy three or more of them, or the high treasuref over^rpay or thotiom being, shall, and are hereby authorised and im maifergeneral pnvyecod, upon.representation to them made, to order and direct to apply any theipay matter, geherali of the forces itow or for the time being, pubhcfc mo bailor any money in his hands, applicable jo the uferdf his Ma hand" to the yetof's foices, to paytdl and every, ttlch sum and (writ of money publick fervl. as they shall judge, just and ressonable for satisfying any de ces; tpaods for military or other pilblick fervioes; and also to order and also the and dtrettt the treasurer of the navy now dr sot the time being, treasurer of out of: y mopey in his hands applicable to the service of the of*anvmi'wick aavyjo. satisfy.and.pay any navy bill be bills, wages to seamen, money in hie half-pay bounty to chaplains, and all or any other demands on hands, to pay account of the navy j Which should of might have been paid, by any nav>' bilk, any or either of thfe said late paymattera general of the forces, or CC trcattirers of the navy, or his or their respecttive representatives, "av« been and which wetes charges on him ocjthem, incurred during the pa; d by the titse.of hiaof their, heingpaympfteror paymastersgeijettd of the said late pay fenssjor traiiimcnntrerfdremofxbe'in^cand ail feifc, re maftfer*>or wards, gratuities). or other: expchoea: atteading the carrying on, treasuror* so'and

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 49. [1781.

and the full completion of, their respective accounts, and obtaining their s^uietus.

CAP. XLIX.

An for prnmting certain abuses and profanations on tbs Loris day called Sunday.

Frenabftj WHEREAS certain houses, rooms, or places, within the cities

T W 0/leri don or Westminster, or ik the neighbour hood Short of,

hdpeyf hie frequently been opened for public entertainment or., amusement upon the evening of the Lords day, commonly called Son^day; and at other housei, roofns, or places, within the said cities, or 1 ]in the neighbourhood thereof. Under pretence of inquiring into reiigi

: ous dosffines, and explaining texts of holy scripture, debates have frequently

been held on the evening of the Lords day, concerning diverse texts. of holy scripture, by persons unlearned and incompetent to explain the same, tb the corruption of good morals ', aftd tot he great eneour. u agiment of trreugion and profaneness; be it enacted by the king's most exfcdlenf majesty, by and with the adfiteand consent of fh# lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prtfott From the a paffiamdfit assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, parting of this from and" after the passing of this present act, arty house, room, house^c or ot^ief plac€> which shall be opened or used for public eriter opened for tainment dr amusement, or for publicly debating on any fub public a jedt whatsoever, upon any part of the Lord's day called Sunday, mu same nt or and to whith persons shall be admitted by the payment of mo sunday to a or*by tickets sold for money, shall be deemed a disorderly which persons house or place; and the keeper of such house, room, or place, shall be ad shall forfeit the funrof two hundred pounds for every day tfat mitted by pay such house, room, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid nev^cisail on t*lc L s day, to such personas will ftifcforthe same, and be.deemed a otherwise punishable as the law directs in cafcr of disorderly disorderly houses: and the person managing or conducing such entertain houe; and the mentor amusement on the lord's day, or acting as matter of the ttsfforfis*0* ceremonies there, or as moderator, presidenr, or chairman, ofool. for any such meeting for public debate on the Lord's day, shall

every Sun likewise, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred

dy the same pounds to such personas will sue for the same; and every door

as aforesaid deeper, servant, or other person, who shall collect or receive

Penalty on money or tickets from persons assembling at such house, room, the president, or place, on the Lord's day, or who shall deliver out tickets for C admitting persons to such house, room or place, on the lord's

Door keepers, day, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds to such person N and servants. sue for the same.

The person

II. And whereas, by reason of the many subtle and crafty eontri who alts as vances of persons keeping such houses, rooms, or places as aforesaid, it matter or mif mqy 0jten so difficult to prove who is the real owner or keeper there such house^be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person shall be deem who shall at any time hereafter appear, a St, or behave him or ed the owner herself as matter or mistress, or as the person having the cate, thereof government, or mfuugemem ofapy such house, rooms pr place

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 40.

as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be the keeper thereof and shall be liable to be Cued or prosecuted, and' punched as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in fast the real owner or keeper thereof: And wherever any such house, roam, or place, shall belong to or be kept by diverse persons in partner are jo}nti> thip, as joint owners or joint keepers thereof, each and every owners, each, such joint owner or joint keeper of such house, room, or place, of them (halt shall be deemed the keeper thereof, and shall be liable to beiabl'to (bed or prosecuted, and punished as fuph: and any hmise, p'j*cu n' room, or place, at which persons shall be supplied with tea, refrertt coffee, or any other refreshments of eating or drinking on racotsare sold the lord's day, at any greater prices than the common and usual at.greater prices at which the like refreshments are commonly, sold Prjce* L upon other days at fitch, house, room, or place, or at coffee jiftirr

bouies, or other houses where the same are usually sold, shall, be deemed a house, room, or place, to which persons litre admitted by the payment of money, although money be not. there taken in the name of or for admittance, or at the time when persons enter into or depart from such house, room, or placet and any house, room, or place, which shall be opened or used and such as for any public entertainment or amusement, or for public shall be open debate, on the lord's day, at the expense of any number of fub P "* (bribers or contributors to the carrying on any such entertainment JJ* sud'or amusement, or debate, on the lora's day, and to which per by subscripti sods shall be admitted by tickets, to which the subscribers' or on. See. shall contributors shall be endued, shall be deemed a house, room, or K*H*2? place to which persons are admitted by the payment of mo inflicted b ney, within the meaning of this act. this act.

III. And, for the better preventing persons assembling on the Penalty on'Lord's day for such irreligious purposes as aforesaid, be it fur adsertifing the re enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person adver ?."£ tiling, or causing to be advertised, any public entertainment or ^ent for sun amusement, or any public meeting for debadng on any subject day, and on whatsoever, on the lord's day, to which persons are to be ad printing such mitted by the payment of money, or by tickets sold for money, advertuement. and any person printing or publishing any such advertisemenr,

shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, to any person who will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties how That any person entitled to either of the aforesaid forfeitures, to be reco may sue for the same by action of debt in any of his Ma vered. jetty's courts of record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of [being the sum demanded by the

the said action] being forfeited by an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the third, intituled An act for preventing certain abuse and profanations on the

Lor As dap, called Sunday: and the plaintiff, if be recover in any such action, shall have his full cods.

V Provided, That no action shall be brought for either of Actioni to be

the brought within months.

304 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. o.

[1781.

the said penalties by this act imposed, unless the fam^ be brought widiiri six calendar months next after the offence committed. Persons sued

VII. Provided also, That if any action or suit shall be brought oftt£cadion a8aw* any person for anything done in pursuance and in exe may plead the cxitiofr^f this act, the defendant may plead the general issue; general issue, and if a verdtid pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff discond and recover nuc bisorher action, or be nonsuited, or judgement be given treble costs agwtft the plaintiff, then such defendant shall have treble costs.

VII. Provided also That the ecclesiastic^ljurifdtdion^ithm todf&the ^ealm shall not by this, ad be altered or abridged; bgtthit ecclesiastical the ecclesiastical courts may punish the said offences, as, if this jurisdiction $ had not been made.

nor the tolera*

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained fhab t&pa&of*be construed to extend to take away, raiherv or abridge, suty of X Gul.^Mar. the liberties or immunities to which the.protestant fufcye&sof this kingdom are intituled, by an act made, in the first year of the reign of King wmtjn and Queen Mterp, intituled An aq farexempting their majes&ssprotejlantjiijelis^ dissenting from tbt church of England, from tbs penalties offrrtain<latus.

CAP. i

aft sir further regulatit^ arid' after tainitfg, the importation end exportation of corn and grain, within several ports and pious. therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, bp art ah made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of Tillage, provisidri vdas made for examining and 1 % determining the common market prices aferiglim earn and gramme,

in the manner, and at the times, and to and fit the intent, end, and furposes, thereby directed and provided: and wbfreas, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the southeast a3igfo.*> cond, intituled An act for amending and makirtg more effectual an act made in the first year of the reigti of King James the Second, intituled An additional alt for the improvement of tillage, the fold provision is declared to have been found ineffectual; and sir the better ascertaining the common prices of middling Engl i (h corn and grain, and for other purposes in the said recited act mentioned, it is thereby enabled. That, from and after the first day of June, one thou find Jieven hundred and thirty-two, it shall and may be lawful for all and every the justices of the peace for the several and respective counties within that part of gre^f Britain called England, Wales, and the town Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign corn or grain shall and may be imported, and they are thereby enjoined and required, at every their quarter sessions, to give in charge in open cohrt to the grand jury then and there assembled, to make preferment and inquiry, upon their oaths, of the common market prices of middling English corn and grain, as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in every Jueb county; which preferment and inquiry the said^grand jury are there

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 305

empowered and required to make; 1/ is thereby further provide

tdy That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend) to prejudice or ajfcq tie authority given by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, to the mayor, aldermen, tf/wjustices of the peace of the city of London: and where as, by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present ma jessy, intituled An act for explaining and amending so much of Ad 6 Geo. 3. an act, made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city of London, the power theretofore given to the mayor, aldermen, and the justices of the peace for the said city, for examining and determining the common prices of middling English torn and grain, in the months of October, and April yearly, is further extended, and required also to be performed in the months of January and July yearly: and whereas the several powers, provisi ens, and regulations, in and by the said above recited acts: declared and enacted, in order to ascertain the common market prices of middling,

English corn and grain, are found by experience to be inadequate to the salutary ends thereby intended: and whereas it would be greatly conducive thereto, that the common prices English wheats rye, peas, beans, barley, malt, beer, oatsfshould in future be aj<certain*

ed by other ways and means within the city of London, and that the common prices of the said several sorts of English corn or grain, for the purpose of regulating the duties payable and to be paid upon the importation of foreign corn and grain of the said several sorts respectively, as in and by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, are dlrested,) as well within the said city and the port thereof, as within or at the several towns, ports, and places within the counties of Essex and Kent, wherein foreign torn or grain of the said several sorts respectively may or shall by imported, Should at all times be made to depend upon and be regulated by the prices of the said several sorts 0/english corn and grain respectively, as the same shall or may be ascertained within the said city: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it So much of enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the the recited advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com js^deter mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho mining the rity of the same, That so much of the said recited acts, or any common other act or acts relative thereto, as respects the methods to be prices of pursued in the counties of Kent and Essex, and also in the city of London, in order to inquire into and determine the common wheat, CC in market prices of middling English wheat, rye, peas, beans, bar Kent, Essex, leu, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, shall be, and 'are hereby re an London, pealed. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the common prices of c<?mmo" English corn or grain of the said several sorts respectively, as well {^£0^, 1 Within the said city of London and port thereof, as at or in the feve the ports of J?I towns, places, and ports, within the counties of Kent and Essex London, aforesaid, wherein foreign corn or grain of the said several sorts Kent, respectively shall or may be imported shall and may, for the g^ted bytbe

purpose5

306 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. f x781]

prices to be ptorpose of regulating the duties payable and to be paid on the ascertained in importation thereof, hereafter be made to depend upon, and be the city of regulated by, the prices of the said several sorts of english com London. pr grain respectively, as the same shall be ascertained within the city of London by the provisions herein after contained in this act, and not otherwise; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Preamble $

III. And whereas by an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reciting an act reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain lb much o 14 Geo. 3. of an made in ihe last session of parliament, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, as relates to the method of ascertainine; the prices of corn and grain exported, it is thereby enacted, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, the prices of corn and grain exported from this kingdom shall be regulated and governed by the average prices at which such corn or grain shall be respectively sold in the public market at or nearest to the port or place from whence'such corn of grain shall be intended to be exported, on the iajl market day preceding the hipping of fieeb corn or grain, and the respectivt bounties, granted by the fata aft, made in the thirteenth year of the feign of his present Majesty, bail, in like manner, be paid and allowed according to such average prices: and whereas great Inconveniences have an fen from the restriction in the said act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, to taking the average prices from the last market day preceding the hipping of such corn and grain intended to be exportedi therefore be it, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Part of 13 That so much of the aforesaid act as redrains the talcing the Geo. 3. re average prices from the last market day preceding the shipping pealed. cf such corn and grain intended to be exported, within the counties of Kent and essex, and in the city of London, shall be repealed.

From Dec. 7.

IV. And whereas no provision or rule is thereby, or by any other 1781, the inlaw now in force, established, by means whereof the said average spe&or of reprices, for the purposes thereby intended, may or can be ascertained; tore{^ive°r11 an* at some provision or rule Should be establishei, from the fac tend the time limited by the said act for taking the average prices tonne in the Should be further extended: be it therefore further enacted, That, corn exchange from and after the twenty seventh day of December, one thou count(signed) kn<* seven hundred and eighty one, the person who shall be, of thectfn 'and is by virtue of, and under the powers of this act, appoint sold by them; ed to execute the office or employment of inspector of the returns of corn, in manner herein after mentioned, shall and may demand, take, and receive, of and from each and every corn factor, dealing by commission in the sale of corn or grain, from his seat or (land within a certain fabric or building, commonly known by the appellation of The Corn Exchange, situate and being in mark lane, within the said city, a true weekly account or return (which said account or return shall be thenceforth weekly demanded, taken, and received within the space of three, days from and after the expiration of each and every week) of the several quantities of corn or grain of the respective forts before

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 307

fore mentioned (each several quantity and fort thereof being distin&iy marked and clalted) by him bona fide sold and delivered as aforesaid in and during such week; in which said weekly containing account or return shall be inserted, and clearly and distinctly marked, as well the price for which each several quantity of pq^hafers!* corn or grain, of the several and respective forts before mentioned, shall have been by the said person so dealing as aforesaid bona fide sold and delivered during such week, as also the real name or names of the purchaser or purchasers thereof; and which said weekly return shall be signed or attested by and with the name of each corn factor delivering the same, or by and with the name of the person usually employed by him: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said inspector of corn re jnfoeftor so turns, thereupon, and he is hereby enjoined and required, with compute the in three days thereafter, from the several and separate weekly aggregate returns so by him demanded, taken, and received, to make <luant, ty of up and compute, and properly distinguish the aggregate quantity of each respedbve sort of corn or grain in the said feve f^erage^iice* rai and separate weekly returns contained; and also make up thereof; and compute the prices at or for which such aggregate quantity of each respective sort of corn or grain, as therein dated, hath been bona fide, during such week, sold and delivered; and also snake up, form, and compute therefrom the average pi ices of each respective sort of corn or grain during such week bona fide sold and delivered; the sum or amount of which aggregate quantities, and prices, and also the average prices so formed, made up, and computed, shall be fairly and distinctly written in a book, to be by him prepared and kept for that purpose: and it shall amj to puj, and may be lawful to and for the said infp&3or of corn returns, lirh a trans and he is hereby required to cause to be published, once in cripr of (uct1 every week, a transcript of the sum or amount of such aggregate quantities and prices, and also the average prices thereof, in the zette weekly § London Gazette; which average prices, so published, shall be which fall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the real average deemed to prices of each sort of corn or grain therein respectively menti have been the oned, in and during the week to which the said average prices a*rage. rjn shall refer, as well in the public markets of the towns, places, c^h^rrj'lc^ and ports, within the counties of Kent and essex, as in the city rive week, in of London and port thereof, whence the said corn or grain may Kent. Essex, be exported, and whereby the bounties payable and to be paidnti by law on such respective sorts of corn or grain exported shall henceforth, within the counties of Kent and ejfix, and the city of London and port thereof, be governed and regulated.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law secretary of full to and for the person, who for the time being shall or may the com ex ai in the ofike or employment of secretary or clerk at the corn changetodc* exchange, and he is hereby required, upon or at the requisition of the said infoedtor of corn returns, to deliver to him in writ when retiring the name and names of each and every corn factor, dealings, thr inmr* by cotmnilson in the sale of corn or grain, from his seat or (land and places of in the said market, and also his place of abode, if that Anne shall Vol. XXXIII Y bo

abode of all corn fattors belonging to the said market.

ilty neglect thereof.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50* £178*

fce to him known, and is also demanded; and upon refufaf thereof, or wilful delay or negligence therein, and complaint made upon oath before the lord mayor for the time being, or one of the aldermen of the said city, the said fedretary or clerk jjhan beforthwkb fommoned to appear and answer touching the matter of the said complaint; and in case he shall not obey such summons, or on the hearing of the matter of the said complaint, shall be adjudged guilty thereof, it shall be lawful to and for the said lord mayor for the time beki^, or one of the aldermen of the said city, before whom the said matter of complaint is so heard and determined, to fine the said secretary or clerk so offending, and adjudged guilty thereof, m a sum not exceeding twenty ihrllings, nor tess than ten Shillings, for every such offence; which tine is hereby directed to be paid to and for the use of the said inspector of com returns so complaining as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of com

in&rt a list of returns shall provide and prepare a book, wherein he (bail nv the names and fcrt, or cause to be inferred, a list of the name and names of sss. every corn factor, dealing by commission in the sale

laid corn^corn or Brarn» from his seat or stand in the corn exchange as aforesaid, and also his and their respective place or places of abode (such said list to be from time to time corrected, contracted, or enlarged, as occasion (halt require,) which said book shall be kept in his custody, and shall and may be produced at such time and times, and for such purposes, as are hertinr after directed by this avii.

And be it further enacted, That the said separate and several weekly returns, so by him demanded, taken, and received as aforesaid, shall, from tkne to time, be by him carefully filed and arranged, and deposited in the office or apartment to the said inspector of com returns belonging, hereafter to be provided by this al; which said several and separate weekly returns, or so many thereof ass shall or may be necessary and are required, may and shall be taken therefrom, and produced by the said inspector of corn returns at the time and time, and to and for the purposes and occasions herein after directed, and none other, and shall, after such production, be by him again received and filed; and no person, except as above excepted, and save and except the corn factor who (hth have delivered such weekly return or returns, shall be permitted to resort to and inspect the same.

Row to pro

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That in case any person or per ceed in care fons shall, within the space of one month after the delivery of any wc*kly any such weekly return, suspect the same to be either in the we or Part fraudulent it shall and may be lawful to and

be fraudulent. fr the person or persons so suspefhng any such return to be either in the whole or in part fraudulent, to specify, and to' state in writing to the said inspector of corn returns, whole return and in what week made, and wherein, and whether in the whole or in part, he or they suspect the same to be fraudulent*a*whereupon

jnfjpe&or to

factors in a book.

The weekly returns taken by the in ipedlor, shall be filed, and deposited in his office.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. UK C a.

whereupon the saki in/pe&orof corn returns is hereby enjoined and required, by reference had to such weekly return, the same either in the whole or in part, as may be otceflary, to trapferibe or copy, anchto deliver such transcript or copy, signed with his name, to the person or persons making such specificatfon as aforesaid, from the said person or persons receiving, upon or before the delivery thereof, the sum of one penny for each and every word therein contained, to and for. his own use and benefit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority a&mesaid, Penaltypn That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said person or corn ta&oi* persons receiving such transcript or copy, at any the quarter fefr delivering, ir fiona held for the city of London that shall nqxt ensue the rtf turns.u ceipt or delivery thereof, to exhibit one or more information or informations before the lord mayor, aldenpcn, and justices then

and there assembled (whpare hereby authorised and imppwerr ed to hear and determine the same) agarnft any corn dealer who shall have delivered in to the inspector of com returns any such weekly return, in the whole or in part suspected to be fraudulent; and if the corn dealer, against whom such information (hah have been exhibited, be convicted of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

(which oath or oaths the said lord mayor, aldermen and jitfti ees of the peace, are hereby authorised to administer) or by hi? own confession, then and in such case the party so> convufied shall immediately upon such conviction; pay to the informer or informers any sum orturns of money not exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, for the use of such person or persons who shall have exhibited such information as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said infpo^or of com hifptwfo

returns shall and may make up, compute, and distinguish, and con, Put he is hereby required, from and upon the whole number of the qufnrftyof find Several weekly accounts of the weekly aggregate quantities each sort of of each respective sort of corn of gain by him so made up, com grain, and the pared, and distinguished, and olfo of the prices and average pri pncc#

ces thereof, respectively, that shall have been so made of, com

and distir.guished, from the first weekly accounts or resold previous turns by him from each and every corn factor, dealing.by com to the jeflions mission in the sale of corn or grain as aforesaid, taken and received,

to those inclusively which shall have been by him so*

nude up, computed, and distinguished, to the end of the larft en from iclfionto tyre week that shall immediately precede the sessions to be hold (tflipn. en for the city of London for the month of jipril, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and so thenceforward from timer to time, fetlion to session, as herein after directed, in like manner so make up, form, compute, and properly distinguish, and the same being made up, formed, computed, and distin gutshed, fairly to transcribe or insert into a book by him to be ^0unt*he flwl! provided and prepared for that purpose) tive general aggreg^traider.be to quantity of each respective sort of corn or grain that shall appear a book*to have been bonn side sold nd delivered, in and during the

3 IP

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50k [1781.

whole number of such several weeks, and also the prices and average prices thereof respectively and deliver, on

XI. And be it hereby further enacted, That on the first day

re aeons tial Golden for the said city of London in

session*, (and re mont of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty aftervrardi on two, and thenceforward on tyre first day of every sessions that the first day shall hereafter be held for the said city in the months of Jetty ?ffi qi*t" January* and Aprils yearly, in open court, to the lord

tnope^court may°r> aldermen, and justices of the peace for the said city, then to the lord*ana there assembled, the said inspector of corn returits shall pre mayor and sent and deliver the said book (the same to him being afterwards afcfctmea, redelivered) into which the said states or accounts of the general aggregate quantities of corn or grain, of the respective forts therein mentioned, the prices and average prioes thereof, have been fairly and properly inserted or transcribed; and upon such presentment and delivery verify upon oath (which oath the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, then and there assembled, or any one of them, is hereby authorised to administer) that the same are fairly, corre£tly, and properly made up, formed, and computed, to the best of his power, (kill, and judgement, and according, so far as in him lies, to the true intent and tenor of this act. 1

Such general average prices shall be deemed to have been the prices of middling English com in Kent, Essex, and London;

and shall be published in the London Gazette,

and certified to the chief officer of the customs in the port of London, See.

Duties on importation of ioicign grain

XII. And be it further enacted, That the general average prices of each respective sort of corn or grain, so thereby formed, computed, and distinguished, on the whole number of such several weekly states or returns of average prices, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the common prices of middling English corn or grain, of the respective forts therein mentioned, in and during the time to which the said general average prices shall refer, as well within the several ports, towns, and places, in the counties of Kent and ejftx, as within the city of London and port thereof, wherein foreign corn or grain of the said respective sorts may be imported; and which said general average prices it shall be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace of the said city, and they are hereby required, to cause to be published in the London Gazette once in four sevenl weeks immediately succeeding such sessions respectively, the expense of which publication shall and may be paid out of any the moneys in tive hands of the said in spedor of corn by virtue of this act; and also to certify the same unto his majesty's chief officer and coiledor of the customs for the time being, for the port of the said city of Londm\ who shall thereupon transmit a copy or copies thereof to the several chief officers and collectors of the customs for the time being, redding, in the several ports, towns, or places, in the fold counties of Kent and essex> wherein foreign corn or grain, of the said respective sorts, so certified, may be imported; and which said certificate, copy and copies thereof, shall be hung up flpfome public place in the customhouses thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort for their information 5 and according to which general average prices so published in the Gazette,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 311

and so certified a aforesaid, shall be collected and paid to be regular the duties and customs payable and to be paid on the import d by the said tien of foreign corn or grain, of the fevecai forts therein menu oned, into the several ports, towns, and places, within the*prl * counties of Kent and effeic, and into the city of and port

thereof, wherein the same may or hast be Imported, and by. none other rule, fcgulation, or provision.; anything herein, or in any other law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

And, in order that the said several and Separate weekly returns hereby required to be made; by and from each and every corn factor dealing by commission in the sale of corn or grain as aforesaid, may be made with less suspicion of fraud: it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for ?I. L "said mfpe&or of returns, on the first day of each and every CD inwlc^ of the said sessions as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, to pre to prevent lent to the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace, then fraudulent and there assembled, the books wherein shall have been inserted returns, the list of the name and names of each and every corn factor, and his and their place and places of abode, as by this act required; and also shall present the name of each and every such corn factor, written wi several and distinot pieces of parchment or paper, being all, as near as may be, of equal size and bigness j which pieces of parchment or paper shall be delivered to the clerk or proper officer of the said court, and fhaliby hint be rolled up, ail, as near 26 may be, in the same manner, and put together in a box or glass to be provided for that purpose? who shall, in open courts the same being ft well (hahen*dralar out two of the said parchments or; papers: and the«perfoof whole names shall be found written on rt be said. patchhmmt^; or papers so drawn, shall be summoned perfqqally to appear nj certain day to be tfcen appointed, within; the said session, incase the same session foall continue to be holdcufor a lpngtf li&f than one day; but'tin case the said session (half be conduced " V 1; 'within one day, then on the first; dayarf the next; cncting feffi '1, '. 1

on; dn which day so tappointed the dkidiwo. oomrfal(storefoa|l vorn fe#di»':

Xar, aivd shall severally^erify ruponoath,; or; bdngqfvfel&mfc returutoab^ n, (which oath orriaffirmation thd laid. Ibid.mayor jfprr$h$ oatft. '1 time being, aldermen; and justices of the pdace, ocjmyionfl: crf them, awfcfttus heteby ai rtoodmrmfttr

or reeeiriev) the feyertl atodfopacajewfeekly returns m {fctoiwy of theth a the said jmbrt cshall judgecpropfeiv: by ihjija; mtote and delivered as sffore&id^iioni which Sayfo appointed thft spector of oorri returns shall also atteikl, dtsa^produce jfcefofftfal weekly returns by each beibe. said itw© dorutfajftors fev^jahy; tpfl separitefy made anddelrvdfod, and shall ttamfe&r carefully r posit and 'refilethe fineia the same plfcu»whe»dn they aitchf*,;

ally depdfited and ffierl; and in caselithdifa'rd jtlvo cprurfafftofis? Peqahy on ( or either of them, shall negless toobeyihe&idfomipqns of rtie not obeying, said court, or shall refuse, being present, 'to.vfcrify his or their onlie rk; said respective weekly returns upon oafh, or, beingfquakers, by C affirmation thereof, and the said lord mayor, aldermen and j ui

y3 - us

II

proper person to be inspectors

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. [1781.

tices of the peace. Avail not be satisfied with the reason of such negtaft. or refusa] to verify the said respective weekly returns as aforesaid, or any part diereof* it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, to fine the said person or persons foin the case of riegledl to obey such summons, or upon refusal to verify the said weekly returns, oranj part, by oath or affirmation thereof, in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor less than twenty-five pounds, one moiety of the said fines to be applied to such use and purpose as in the discretion and judgement of the said court shall be thought proper, the other moiety thereof to the use and benefit of the said in spedlor of corn returns.

xlvv And whereas in a certain ejlale, confijling of a certainfib rid or building herein before mentioned, commonly known and defended by the name or appellation of The Corn Exchange, situate in mark lane, within the city of London aforesaids there ore severed proprietor s^forne of whom being corn fasters y dealing by commisstcn in the sale of corn and grain as aforesaid, are intrusted with the manege merit and direction thereof, and of all that does thereto appertain; be Proprietors of it hereby enacted, That h shall and may be lawful to and for the corn ex the fold proprietors, or the mor part of them, so entrusted meet^tocejther the management and dinedbn thereof as aforesaid, and

and appoint a aro hereby: authorised and empowered, within six weeks

aftek th^passing of this ddi, to meet together, and at such meeting to agree upon and by writing under theit hands apd. feais nominate and appoint!, a fit and proper person to do and perform all ihaneffc and things through or by him required tq be done and performed by virtue of any: the; powers, and regulations of this which person: nominated and appointed as aforesaid* (tarty in such appointment be filled Inspector of corn nfans fori tit <tity of London ji and within one month after. ch tp yosrttincptt, afld acceptancerhereof, shall deliver the said appoint and deliver fcnbnij'rfcp mbd&'pnder thd hands and feais of.thfr fesj pr

major ^artrbf them,: teethe Jprd maypr or onc a of the aldermen' of - said city wbqnfhali^wve jamb kpep,

mwwotyver at the>fefljoasrnext foitowihjf ibereto^such: appoiotr jri^nxv^hefiand thferb to bdiregificitrf^ttb prefertcididttri^iita tsoftc^crance'offuchjperfcto so appointed xo thctaid oskfc; end ^tforcwham flw faichihfpedbor of tomftturrtsahh.ta3^an, «rti which on the said lord mxyor, orxny !one of rhr phtamenof ithe (deity: hereby authorised to jadoritlifterj that bewifi,; durtog the time of his continuance in the: said office, durgently, ifartftfhry; and honfeftly Execute thelfauhe^a.certificate pfjwhkti iptfrfl&n having tnkeh&ch oerlv as aforesaid, Aall also be driver acfhhe faituiefliondj indlliien aiutttroieblfo be regifietel: ^«ty be p and for dae £asd proprietors pfqtfcc

major part of dlehiy* thdre so mefc or jafltmbled, andrbfeylne hereby required to agree, fix upon, ..and.witlvin the space of three months thereuftey disposey, fiitnish, alui: <omplete, odtj&f and from tyre moneys afifing or ifiaing from the said.eftat^, 'tad the same thereafter to keep in repair, k proper.xad.convfni^it apartment or office, cither within the said building called The

Cr*

An ap.vt ment tb he fiirnifhecr, in Or near the J CM Exchange, for the use of the xnlpeftor.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 3*3

Cirn Exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the use and accommodation of the said person for the time being; whereip all books, papers, and returns, by this act required, shall be carefully and securely filed or deposited, and in or over which shall be written or printed, in fair and legible chandlers, Office etf Corn Returns.

XV. Provided also, That when and as often as, in case of re Ondeath or moval by death or otherwise, or by resignation, of the said in resignation of spe&or of corn returns, the said office shall become vacant, it her tove'1* shall and may be lawful to and for the said proprietors, or the appointed major part or them, within one month after fudi removal by within a death or otherwise, or by resignation of the said inspector, to month meet, agree upon, nominate, and appoint, a fit and proper person, under their hands and seals (except in the case herein after mentioned) to execute the hid office; who, on delivering the

laid appointment, and taking such oath as aforesaid, shall thereupon be enabled to execute the said office, and entitled to receive the salary thereto annexed, in manner and form herein after mentioned.

XVI. Provided also, That it shall be lawful to and for the Proprietors, said proprietors, or the major part of them, during any extreme

sickness of the said inspector of corn returns, whereby he may be £*3, may ap unable, for the space of one week, to attend and execute the duties point a fub of his said office, either at the request of any corn factor, or Ititutei other substantial person, in writing to them, or any of them,

£gnified, or without such request, by their own knowledge afeer tained, to direct, and under their hands and seals nominate and appoint a fit and proper person to execute the said office during such disability by sickness as aforesaid; shall thereupon deliver the said appointment to the lord mayor, or one of the aider men of the said city, and shall before him make oath (which oath the said lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen, is hereby authorised to administer) that he will faithfully, to the best of his (kill and judgement, execute, during such disability by sickness as aforesaid, all the duties of the said office of inspector of corn returns, and deliver all accounts, returns, books, or papers, to his care given or left, to the said inspector of corn returns, when he (ham > be again able to execute the same, or to such other person who J may be legally appointed to the said office in his stead; and which said appointment, and also a certificate under the band which ap of the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the fid city, be e°v]t.")cnt fore whom the said oath shall have been wade, of having taken ^icdto the such oath, (hah, at the sessions next, ensuing thereto, be present next sessions. ed to the said court, and then and there recorded; whereupon the said person so appointed, and executing the duties of the N

laid office, shall and may demand and receive, forjils care and trouble in the execution thereof, of and from the said inspetftor of com returns, or out of; the salary to the said office hereby appropriated and given as here after directed, such sum and Turns of money as the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace 4xf the said city shall, by their order, under their hands and feajs,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. [ 178 ri

direct and appoint; which order they are hereby empowered to make,

1 northeast va of

XVII. Provided also, That in case the said proprietors, or proprietor, 0 the maj°r part of them, shall neglect, for the space of one week, the lord

3u

On 1

mayor may appoint such kbstitute.

If proprietor neglect to appoint an in tpetf or, the lore ipayor

after the disability of the said inspector of corn returns to execute, through sickness, his said office, has been so signified as aforesaid, or shall have otherwise come to their knowledge, and sufficient proof thereof being given, to the satisfaction of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, so to nominate and appoint a fit and proper personas aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor of the said city to appoint a fit and proper person for the execution thereof, who shall, within three days thereafter, take such oath as aforesaid; and upon the certificate thereof, and the said appointment, being delivered to and entered at the sessions next ensuing thereto, the said person shall be entitled to receive a compensation for his care and trouble in the execution thereof, in like form, degree, and manner, as aforesaid -

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said proprietors, or the major part of them, shall refuse or neglect, within the time by this ai required, to meet, agree upon, and elect, and under their hands and seals and aldvrmen, nominate and appoint, a fit and proper person for the execution at the next of the said office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ftflfions, are to lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and they arc appoint one, hereby empowered and required, that at the sessions that shall next immediately happen after such neglect as aforesaid, or at an adjournment of the same to be held for that purpose within one week there after, to elect and appoint a proper person to execute the office of inspector of corn returns; whose appointment shall be then and there registered; and who shall then, or as soon as thereafter may be, take such oath as is before directed, for the faithful execution of his said office; a certificate of having taken which oath shall also be then registered.

No inspector

XIX. And be it hereby further enacted, That no person who to be removed shall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said office of in trom his of spe&or of corn returns (save and except the person or persons ti^trifions.^app0, nted to execute the same during such disability through sickness as aforesaid) shall be therefrom removable but upon complaint of misbehaviour in his said office to the sessions made, and then and there heard and adjudged; when and in which case it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, unless they shall iee good cause to the contrary, the said person to remove from his said In case of such office; and they shall thereupon signify such removal to the fe removal, how cretary or clerk of the corn exchange for the time being, in case the appointment of the inspe£or of corn returns be in the said proprietors, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, in order to proceed to the election of some other fit and proper person in the room of the said inspector of corn returns so removed, and to yvhitfi election they shall proceed, ain manner and form

a fuccehbr is to be appoint td.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50. 315

before directed, "within one week after the signification of such removal; but in case the said proprietors, or the major part of them, shall neglect so to do, or in case the appointment of the said inspector shall be by the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace of the said city, then the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace shall proceed to such reappointment and re eie6tion on same convenient day within the said sessions, or at an adjournment of the same to be held for that purpose within one week thereafter.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may corn*feanr* be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of neglecting to the peace of the said city, to inquire of and examine the said in dekver week (pcdior of com returns, upon the delivery thereof, in open court luromoned at any of the said sessions, whether any and what corn factor or before the factors, dealing by commission in the sale of corn and grain sessions. from his or their seat or stand as aforesaid, has or have neglected or refused to deliver (the same having been from him or them demanded) such weekly returns of sale and delivery as are by this act directed; and in case of any such neglect or refusal/the Penalty on said person or persons so charged shall forthwith be summoned such negte&# to appear on a certain day within the said sessions, in case ^w^the the same sessions shall continue to be held for a longer time than one day; but in case the said sessions shall be concluded within one day, then on the first day of the next ensuing session, to answer touching the same; and in case it shall then appear, to the satisfaction of the said court, that the person or persons so summoned hath dr have refofed or wilfully neglected to deliver such weekly return or returns, or in case the said person or persons so summoned shall not appear, on proof of the service of the said summons being made, then, and in either case, the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace,

shall fine the said person or persons so offending, for every such neglect or rfefiifal, in a sum not more than ten pounds, nor less than five pounds; one moiety thereof to be applied to such use and purpose a? in the discretion and judgement of the said court shall be thought fit; the other moiety thereof to the use and benefit of the said inspector of corn returns; unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said court, that the person or persons so summoned was or were by same Sufficient cause prevent

CD or hindered from appearing before the said court on the day whereon by such summons be or they were required to appear. A duty of a

XXI. And in: order to compematd the said inspector of halfpenny per corn mums for his trouble and pains in the faithful execution lin icori1 of his said office; and in order to repay to the estate, confiding the of a certain fabric or building commonly known by the name inspector; of The Corn Exchange in Mark lane, as aforesaid, all such moneys thence issuing and arising as shall have been or may be expended, by virtue of the powers in this act contained, in providing, completing, and maintaining, or keeping in repair, a proper and convenient apartment, place, or office; for the use and accommodation of the said inspector of corn returns, either within the said corn exchange, or as contiguous thereunto as may bej and

jffiv Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. o 50; [1781.

for though further benefit and improvement of the said estate; be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said inspedar of corn returns, or the person executing the said office during any such disability by sickness as aforesaid, to demand, collect, and receive from each and cyery qqrn fadof so dealing as aforesaid, from time to time, the pm of one halfpenny ptr last, and no more, on all corn atpi grain of there spective forts before mentioned which shall appear in or by the said several weekly returns to have been by him or them so ban f°ld and delivered; the gross amount of which said fom or flatter and ms so.collected and received shall, by the said inspector of presented to com returns, or person then executing the said office during any ttefcfltens, such disabijity as aforesaid, be twice in every year, that is to say, twice a year.^the sessions held in the months of October and April yearly, for the city of London to the lord mayor aldermen, and justices of the peace then and there assembled', in writing, Dated, and prefenred; and it shall and may be, lawful to and for the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and., they are hereby authorised and required, under their, hands and

H*W the mo seals, to permit and empower the said inspector of corn returns, ncy Sham be out of the said fom and sums so collected and received, to retain ap^ied. and apply, to and for his own use and benefit, any sum not exceeding the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per annum, nor less than one hundred.pounds $ from which said sum shall always be first deduced such sum or sums as shall by the said ford mayor, aldermen, and justicqs of the peace, be directed and ordered (which order ad direction they are hereby empowered o make to be paid to or retained byt any person or persons then executing, or who hath or have executed, the said office during any such disability as aforesaid; and the residue or overplus of the money and moneys so collected and received shall be paid over, without delay, to such. the proprietors of the said estate of the corn exchange, who manage and regulate the same as a forefiiid, to and for the further benefit and improvement of the fold estate, and in order to repay thereunto all such moneys as may have been thene from issued or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in repair, such apartment, place or office; and the said inspe#or of corn returns, or person executing such office as aforesaid, shall, after such payment made, his heirs, ex ecutorfe administrators, and successors, be for ever discharged and exonerated therefrom.

And be it further enacted, That it shall apd maybe he duty to an^said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of

Span their Y he Peace at any the sessions lioldeo in the months of April weekly re July October and January yearly, for the hud city, "to inquire turns, it may into and examine, and the said inspector of com returns or per dtltreft d bon then executing the said office as aforesaid is hereby required*o declare and make known, whether any of the said oora sap tors, so dealing as aforesaid, have negfotied or fefufed to pay or dheharge (the same baying been demanded) aoy sura or sums of money from him or them due and owing, upon and from his or

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 50.. 317

their several weekly returns of cqrp fey feim or them so sold and delivered; and Tn calc it shall to appear and be adjudged, then*by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party f6 6f sending shall be levied such sum^nd sums of money as shall be thereupon due "anfl Owing; amhfrer rendering she^overplus (if any) to the party whose goods shall be so distrained and sold (the charges of such distress and sale behig first deducted}4he said sum or sums so levied shall be paid dyer to, or retained by the said inspector of cosh returns, or person then executing the said office as aforesaid, and shall thereafter, as Toon as may be, be dated and applied in the same manner, and to and for the same purposes, as hereitl before is declared and enabled of and concerning all such sum and sums of money as have by the said inspector, or person executing such office as aforesaid, been before demanded and regularly collected and received.

XXIII. And be it further provided, That no person duly ap inspectortq pointed to the office of inspector of corn returns for the city of give security; London (save and except such fieffon or persons who shall, during any such disability as aforesaid, execute the same) shall be capable of holding the said office, or be entitled to any compen

fttion therefrom imless, at the sessions to be feomerifor th?

said city next afcej fody appointment, see (half reader so the lord

mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, then and thereaf V

fetabled, goodrandarfficiettt security to be by them rthere and:

then approved, and; accepted, in the amount of e tfum not less than two hundred pounds, nor morctjiait three hundred pounds

for the faithful accounting and payriient of au moneys received

bt him by virtue, bf this atf.

XXIV Amd he' it farther ensdbed, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and tnaybe^eyfed bydi £ levied by stress and fate of the offender's goods and chattels fey Warrant distress. from the said lord mayor, aldermeft, and justices of: tta peace,

orwridet thebahd'and seat of the Jord mayor orawertuan before whom; ttnjcofitader4ha^ at the case shall be;

which warrant the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices, or the said lord mayor or ald^rmafti ate at*d is empowered to grant upon information of one or more credible witness or witnesses uport oath', #hlch oath the said Jofd mayor, aldcrtnen* and ju to, bfthe* ftidjbrd mayor oraklernun, are and io hereby im to a4mihmftr, 'rehderfi^the overplus (if any be), after Wfc payment of the said penalties and forfeitures, When de anded^or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained; charges of such distress and fete btmgfirst thereout ^edu&ed.

XXV. And, for the more ?afyand fpt*dy convicthq of offenders Pgainjithh ay be it enacted fey the authority aforesaid, That How justices die lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace for the said to proceed for city, or the lord mayor or alderman, as the case may be, before c2?v*?'on whom any |*rfon or persons, (ttydl be convicted of any offence 0 cn cr, # against (his atf, (rull and may cause the conviction to be drawn

vp

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. £1781. 1

up in the "following form of words, '.or in any other form of words to the like effect.

-.»lat. II <'*

FORM of CONVICTION.

Form of coo City of London IDE it rememtyred* That on the vi&ioa. to wit. IXJ day of in the year of his Majesty'ir reign, A.B. is conviiled before

', by virtue of an

ail mode in the twenty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the'[bird. For further regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within federal ports and places therein mentioned.

[Specifying the offence, as the case shall be].

Given under our hands, and seats, [or hand and fed,] the day and year first abovementioned.

r Proceedings And that no objection shall: be made or advantage taken for nj want of form in any such conviction, by any person or persons

want of form whomsoever and that no proceeding to be bad touching the *conviction of any offender or offenders against this act shall be quashed or vacated for want of form, or be removable by rrr/f orari, or any other process whatsoever, into any one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Saving

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ia

cwpormkm of a cbftt*inecfshall alter, lessen, or defeat, any power, privi

)x)odon. lege, or franchtfe, which theinvlyor and Commonalty and citizens of the city of London have, dai«n, br enjoy, of appointing any market or markets for the.saie of corn and grain within the said city and liberties thereof, or could or might have had, tlaim^ ed, and enjoyed, at any time before the passingjof. this act

CAP. LL

An act to explain an ail, passed in the third year/ "Geqr& tie First, intituled An act for explaining an{acv, puffed in^be Uft femon of parliament, intituled An afa ettigf' papjflf # register thdr names and real efiates, and for enlarging tty time of fitch registering and for securing purthfifesmadety protestante*. V 4, .

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at, passed in the third ytat of the y reign of King George the First, intituled An act fa Act j Geo. i. explaining an act passed in the?iaft session of parliament, recited. 1 intituled An act to oblige papistr to register their names end real eft ales, and for enlarging the time of such registering, and for securtng purchases made by' protestants \ is enacted, That, from end after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of tyx

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. $2.

Lord one thousand seven hundred and fevinteen, no manors, lands, r nementty hereditaments, aay interest therein, dr rntf or profit

thereout/ball pass, j/r*r, change, from any papijl, or person professing

the popish religion, £7 tfwy dad or will, except such deed, with in six months after the date, ira tw//, xwlaia jfer months after the death of the testator, be inr oiled, hone of the King's courts of record at Westcninster, ^within the same county or counties -

wherein the manors, Arm, lie, 4? the custorrotulorutn, .-:

m.d. two justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the same ceunty or counties, r /tw d them at the leaf, whereof the efirk of the peace to be mu: And whereasr in the execution of the find recked aft, several deeds and wills have been inr oiled before the custos ro tubrush, and two justices of the peace, and the deputy.clerk, of the peace, or two of them, whereof the deputy clerk of the peace has been otic, and same doubts have arifeu upon the said act, Southing the imoilmen ts of such deeds and wills, whither Juth deputy, in the absence of his principal, can or may lawfutiy.aft therein; be it therefore enacted by the lords spirhual, and.temporal, and commons, in this present^assembled, and by the autho Deputy clerk rity of the same, That every deputy clerk of the peace shall, f he from henceforth, have the like and as full power and autho fame^wer in rity to administer oaths to parties and witnesses, of the due exe administering cution of deeds and wills, and: to inroll all deeds and wills oaths relating whatsoever, as the clerk of the peace may or can do in his to the executi own proper person, under and by virtue of the said recited, aft, ^.whit*' or otherwise howsoever; and that all deeds and wills already principal, enrolled, and every Oath of the due execution thereof a<jq?ini ftered by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace and the deputy clerk of the peace, or aiw two of them, (such de puty clerk of the peace being one), shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, of the same force, vigour, validity, and effect, to all intents and purposes as if the same deeds and wills had hcen enrolled, and as if such oaths had been adnuftr iftered by or before the clerk of the peace in his own proper person!

LII.

An oftfor continuing the encouragement end reward of persons waking certain discover its for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful difioveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of thrpceimbu^ reign ofbisprtfint Majesty, [entitled, An act for conri Recital of to noing the encouragement and reward of persons making cer Geo. sfc. 6l. tain discoveries.for finding the longitude at sea, ormaking<o there useful discoveries and improvements in navigations: an for making experiments relating the reto), r.the cmmtfjiobext for the itfieoery of the longitude at sea were empowered, whenever they Should be jatisfied of the probability of any propofator proposals that fbsuld be made to them for discovering the said longitude, or moling any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, fi

tfso Ann vicesimo primo Georgii III. act.

[1781.

CS to think it proper to cause experiment to be made thereof to certify the fatne to the cmmissioners of the navy; and also, in case they should adjudge any person or persons to have made any £}' covery for fading the longitude at J'ea, which though not of so greet use as foie intiiled to any of the great rewards spedfiea in an act f made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in >4 Geo. 3. C tituled An act for the repeal of all former as concerning the longitude at (ea, except so much thereof as rebates tathe appointment and authority of the eommutumef;thereby constituted) and also such clauleaas relate to the canftrusing, printing, publmhioe, vending, and Jiccnsing, of nautical almanacs, and other useful tables $ and for the more effectual encouragement and reward of such person and persons shall discover a method for finding the same,or shall tnakeuiefui discoveries in navigation and for the bettor making experiments relating the reto); yet that the said dfcavery was of considerable use to tbt punici, or to have made any aether discovery or disioveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation, to certify stub left re ward, -orfiuht or sums of moneys as they the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude jhouu think reasonaue, to be paid to such person or persons; and the commissmers of the navy west thereby authorised and required to shake out bills upon the treasurer of tbt navy for such sums so certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the some immediately to fuels person or persons 2 And whereas, by reason of feverat payments made by the treasurer of the navy to Jtverti persons, in pursuance of the directions of the said first mentionti aft, the said commissionrs for the discovery of longitude have nearly expended the sum tfftue thousand pounds, granted by the said act for the purfofet oforefhd: Atidwhereas tbt continuing the fond encouragement and rewards for the purpofos mentioned in the said first mentioned act, will contribute to the advantage of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ind be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and; with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par of liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it of the navy, shall and may be lawful to and for the said of for ?"db*in^rti* the.discovery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and commwfioner* authority Whenever they shall be satisfied of the probability of of longitude any pfdpofai or proposals that shall be made to them for the of the proba discovering the said longitude, or making any other useful dif bility ofaov covery and improvement in navigation, so as to think it proper 5ifcovering0r to cause experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the longitude, the of of the navy; and also in case they (had ad c. judge any person or persons to have made any discovery for

finding tlwriongitude at fca, which, " though of not so great use as lo be intitled to any of, (be great rewards specified in the said a of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, yet that the said difcpvery is of considerable use to tine public, or to have made" any uther discovery or ckfcoveries^ improvement or improvement?, useful ur navigation, to certify such less reward, or

hap

178 i L Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 53. 3fzi

fom or sums of money, as they the said of for the discovery of longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such person or persons; the of of the navy are here shall orders by authorised and required to make out a bill or bills upon the reward to be treasurer of the navy for such sum or sums as shall be so certi pa^to th fed to them by the said of for the discovery of Ion fuebpropo gitude; and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby authorised* " ;and required to pay immediately such sum or sums, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said commiflkm ers for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, or to receive such less reward, or sum or sums of money, for make' '

lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at Tea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any moneys which Audi be in his the said treasurervhands unapplied to the use of the navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such sum or Tfcfbn,sums of money as shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy, by be paid by virtue of this act, for the purposes of making such experiments virtue of thi» as aforesaid, and in rewarding wi a leflfcr degree lesser discoveries aft not to ex for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and coed 5, 000*improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds.

III. Provided also, That such sum or sum shall be certified, T. _ and such bilk shall be made out, and payment thereof made, in Jertffoa* feck manner, and under the same regulations and previous, as and payment are in and by the said act of the fourteenth year of, his present made, agreea majesty prescribed, with regard to#the sum of five thousand ble to the re pounds, by the said act made applicable to the encouragement above remand reward of such person or persons as Should make lefier difoo cited aft 14 veries for finding the longitude at sea, or make other useful dif Geo. coveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. LIII.

An act to render valid certain marriages, solemnised in certain 'churches and public chapels in which banns had not usually ber fublished before or at the time of passing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, entitled) An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages.

WHEREAS, ftnee the making of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late mayfly king George pram C the Second, intituled An act for the better preventing of ckmdef go. », tine marriages, diverse churches and public chapels have been erected recked and built within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, which have been duly cone cratid, and diverse marriages have been solemnised therein, but by rtafon that in such churches and chapels banns of matrimony bad not usually been published before or at the time of passing the said act, such marriages have been deemed to be void \ may it therefore pleafo your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

322 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 54.

[178t*

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and corn relit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, solemnizecp* That marriages already solemnised, or to be solemnised before Aug. j, before the first day of auguji* one thousand seven hundred and II in any*eighty one, in any church or public: chapel in that part of church, See, Great Britain called England ivales* and the town of Berwick er^since u^on Wie erc^e^ since the making of the said61, and con the making of fecrated, shall be as good and valid in law as if such marriages the recited a, had been solemnised in parish churches or public chapels hav dedaredvalid. Jug chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had been usually published before or at the time of passing the said recited act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whossduo par^ons» vicars, ministers, and curates, who, before the tenth lemnize such day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall marriages, in have solemnised any of the mahriages which are hereby enacted damnified. to be valid in law, shall be, and they ate hereby indemnified a.

gainst the penalties inflicted by the said recited act upon persons who shall solemnise marriages in any other place than a church or public chapel in which banns had been usually published before or at the time of passing the said recited act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, focsmwriaget That the registers of marriages, solemnised or to be solemnised to be received in the said churches or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be as evidence, valid in law, or copies thereof, shall be received in all courts of

law and equity as evidence of such marriages, in the same manner as registers of roarrigges solemnised in parish churches or public chapels, in which banns were usually published before or at the time of passing the said recited act, or copies thereof are received in evidence.

Registers of marriages solemnised in chapels to be removed to the parish church.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the registers of all marriages, solemnised in any public chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, shall, within twenty days next after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be situated; in case such chapel shall be situated in an extra parochial place, then ro the parish church next adjoining to such extra parochial place, to be kept with the marriage registers of such parish, and in like manner as marriage registers are directed to be kept by the said recited act.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the better regulating elections of citizens to serve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

[Preamble.]

Reciting that by the last determination of the house of commons, the 10 th of November, 1722, the right ot election for the city of Coventry, declared to be in such freemen as have served seven years apprenticeship, to one and the lame trade, in the said city or luburlw, and do not receive alms or weekly chanty, such fret men being duly sworn and enrolled and reciting frauds at the last election, (in open council to be held at St. Mary's mil, on the first and lait Tuesday in every

io ai?np vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.'

ry month. Limitation of the expense of taking up the freeborn. 39.eacfi1 hefidei ^amp^uty. None to be admitted to their freedom, without pro goring pvideftce of i*gular indentures or deeds of apprenticed p for sewn years, and decltfptoa oats»the name, trade, and residence, of his master. during the rhyme he served and his own residence, when claiming to be admitted, and may be attended by agents; the council authorised apd ' h^idrravo administer the oath. Town clerk to enter the above particu -- lirtirt^book. Lists of the names of all the freemen, Sec. admitted to ifepo&dpiuto: church doors, within twenty-four hours after the council. acku Councils net to be be held after notice of an election, till the same is finished. Electors to be sworn. The oath. viz.

'trotj do swear, That your name is A B. and that you have been ad i mitred to the freedom of the city of Coventry under indentures, or deeds of apprentice ship j and that you have served seven years appren t ticediip to one and the fame'trade in the said city, or the suburbs thereof; and that ydii are of the age of twenty-one years, or upwards; and have not been polled before pt this election.

So help you GOD.

Perfoy guilty of perjury, liable to the laws against perjury. Penalty on returning officer for admitting persons to poll without being sworn, 1001, aifd 011 members of the council for refusing to admit persons entitled to ftfcir freedom, tool; 1 Proviso, if doubts arise, the council may Hear evidence to dxtprore ike 'same. Penalty on town clerk for making fraudulent qatri^s* Sec. so 1. This act ltull extend only to freemen having right jty vote at elections for members. Election booth to be erected in the mdeft and moult convenient part Of the open market place called cros 'thtaping, not contiguous to any other building. Penalties to be recovered with xofts by a&ton of debt, C in any court at Westminster. Limitation of anions one year. Publicly aft Deeds or indentures of ap pfenticeship. Sec. shall be registered by the town clerk in six calendar months or void.

CAP. LV.

An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commi/foners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise impojid by the said act

WHEREAS certain inland duties are imposed on all chocolate made in this kingdom, but no such duties are charged on the coconuts from which such chocolate is made, whereby evil minded persons are encouraged to purchase large quantities of thefs nuts who afterwards do privately make chocolate from the famey and vend the said chocolate Jo maiey without any duty being charged thereony to the great injury of the revenue, and to the hurt of the fair trader; which fraud cannot so effectually be prevented as by repealing the 'duties now chargeable upon chocolate, and by imposing upon all cocoa Vol XXXIII*Z: '*' nuts

323

[Preamble.]

V

324 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

[17v1;

'nuts an inland duty proportionate to the duty now to he repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tens. and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and 178ijthe m by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth land duties on day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the chocolate to several inland duties now payable for chocolate made in Great ccaiei Britain shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or paya

except relat ble; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any ing to reco arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said du veringanears, ties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been in curred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, by the determination of the said duties on chocolate, in the respective funds to which those duties were appropriated and applicable, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in lieu thereof there shall be answered and

- paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all

expound*nuts already imported, or which shall hereafter be im shall he paid ported, into this kingdom, (over and above all other duties al for all cocoa ready payable for the same at the customhouse), an inland du nutsimported; ty after the rate of eiglueen pence each pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or letter quantity; idoftiona^du subject nevertheless to the additional impost of five pounds per

In lieu there of, an additional inland

ty of 5 percent, granted

centum, and of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds

by 19 Geo. 3. centum, and of five pounds per centum are granted to his Mac.

25 i

and to 5 percent, granted by 21 G

C 17

eo. 3,

Coconuts, which, on July 5, i78r

jesty by two several acts, the one made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain) 5 the other made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain).

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all coconuts, which on the said fifth day of July, one ?h ill a d thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be lodged or fe in^archouses curet n any warehouse or warehouses, in pursuance of the di pursuanttoan reftions of ars aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his act of 10 Geo. late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for repealing 1, shall certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, coconuts,

the new duty, chocolate, and cocoa pajle imported, and for granting certain inlaki duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of choco late ready made, and cocoa pa fie; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and coconuts imported', and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell earl of Carnwath), shall be and are hereby charged with the said duty of eighteen pence per pound, to b^paid by the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. ^5

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

Thfct all the coconuts which any dealer in, or seller of, coffee, to.

teayc&coa nuts, or chocolate, in Great Britain (other th?n and except such person who shall make chocolate for their family on July 5, life, and not for sale, with respect only to their flock in hand), 178* or any person or persons in trust for his, her, or their use, shall, be possessed of, or interested in, upon the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be, and are hereby charged with the said duty of eighteen pence per pound weight; which said duty for such coconuts flock in hand,

shall be paid by the person or persons respectively possessed of the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons pof, all and every the said dealers in, or sellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa fcffed of cocoa oats, or chocolate, and all and every other person and persons whatsoever, who in trust for them, or for the use, benefir, or an account accent of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, thereof in her, or their custody or possession, in any place whatfpeyer, up wnj, ns w, th>n on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nextofficei* eighty one any parcel or quantity of coconuts, shall on that excise. day, or within ten days next ensuing, give a true and particular account thereof in writing, at the next office of excise within the limits of which he or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such of fence, and also the coconuts of which no such account shall have been given, which shall and may be seized by any officer of excise; and within three calendar months after he, she, or they shall have given, or ought to have given, such account as [bree^montto, aforesaid, shall pay down the duties hereby payable fqr such coconuts, to the proper officer or officers for receiving the same; and all and every such dealers in, or sellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa not, or chocolate, who shall refuseor neglect to make such payment for his, her, or their said flock of coconuts, within the time by this act limited for that purpose, shall forfeit double the sum of the duty which Should have been so paid by him, her, or them as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers for the inland duties upon coffee and tea, to take a true and particular account of coaccount of all such coconuts as any dealer in, or seller of, coa nuts in coffee, tea, coconuts, or chocolate, or any other person or per hand; son* in trust, or for the use, benefit, or account V them, or any or either of them, shall be possessed of, or interested in; and for that purpose shall be permitted in the daytime to enter into £* any dwelling house, outhouses, or other place whatsoever, be cme^dwdlina longing to every and any such dealer in, or seller of, coffee, tea, houses, C coconuts, or chocolate, and each of them, who are hereby required to permit and suffer such officers officers, upon his or their request, to make such entry, on the said fifth day of Juljr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or afterwards at any tim? before the duty on fu#h coconuts flock in hand

Z toll

32fi

Penalty oft eland eftinely emoting or concealing coconuts, Before they hare been

aano vicesimo primo gb6hqik IQ. C 55.

shall be paid, and to take such aoooourtf thereof, by otherwise, as shall bed ascertain the true quantity tif they, or any of them, shall refuse to permit or fuffor officer or officers so to do, or shall refuse to assist the shin weighing the said coconuts (lock in hand, or ftial obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers for the said ' ties in the due execution of the powers hereby given, they, shall respectively forfeit twenty pounds for CV fence: and if any dealer in, or seller of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, or any other person, having in his, her custody or poflsession, any coconuts chargeable by f*the said duties, as (lock in hand, shall clandestineljr re carry away, or causeoi* suffer to be removed or earned same, or any part thereof, before the duties shall ebareed^the c^argcc^ thereon, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, officer.^or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce speftion of the officer for the said duties all such that then, and in every such case, every person so shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and a! coa nuts so clandestinely removed or carried awa lently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and (hal seized by any officer for the said inland duties; and or persons, in whose custody such coconuts shall who shall not before the dileovcry thereof give next office of excise of the quantity of coca nuts foin or their custody, shall also forfeit and lose the sum Shillings for every pound weight of such coconuts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority. The powers. That all and every the powers, authorities, direct: and she peni methods, penalties, forfeitures, dauses, matters, an ties inflicted, which in and by an act made in the tenth year of by an act of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An jo Geo. 1. or piling certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee relatm/to he nuts cb°c°late* and cocoa pa fie imported, and for granting duties on co land duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the i chocolate ready made, and cocoa pajle; and for better aft duties payable upon toffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported granting relief to Robert Dalzell, earl of Carnwath); other act or acts of parliament now in force, rekr* majesty's duties upon coffee, tea, or coconuts, arc settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, cj recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, eofcj securing the duties or penalties thereby granted, snq renting, detesting, and punishing frauds relating the ral than in such eases for which other penalties and p*cm made and prescribed by this act), shall be exercised used and put in execution, in and for themamd ing, levying, collecting, recovering, ascertaining, adjudl igating, enforcing, and securing the said inland duties xtt nuts hereby imposed, and for preventing, detesting, an] 'ing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectuslly, 1

coa nuts, Sec. hall be in force in executing this act.

3*7

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

ttnu and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufcs, matters, and things, were specially repeated, and again cosded in the body of this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys by and in respect of the duties hereby granted [^11 be' and imposed on coconuts (the necessary charges of raising and applied, accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster % and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the same txfes and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties on chocolate hereby repealed were by the said act, made in the tenth year of his said late majesty's reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Former rules

That all and every the rules, regulations, directions, penalties, relating to and forfeitures, by any act or acts of parliament prescribed or Peking, enjoined for the paeking, papering, tying, (tamping, and mark s^atet'

ing, and for vending of chocolate made in Great Britain, shall to remain in continue to be observed and put in practice as to all chocolate force, hereafter to be made; in Great Britain, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if each and every the said rules, regulations, diredioos, penalties, and forfeitures, were here again enabled in

the body of this present a A.

X. And, to the intent that the inland duty by this 7 granted upon cotta nuts may not be too burthensome upon the importers thereof. Coconut, it is hereby further provided and enacted, That, from and after after entry at the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigh the custom ty one, all such cocoa nuts.as shall be imported into this king house, to be dom, upon the entry thereof at the customhouse, and paying

or (ecuring the custom dudes imposed thereon, shall be forth*put into warehouses provided for that purpose, as directed by the said before recited act of the tenth year of the reign of King George the fir(t; and the importer or proprietor thereof shall have power to garble and separate, in such warehouse or warehouses, such coconuts, as hath been usual to make it merchantable; and no part of the coconuts brought into such warehouse or warehouses shall be taken or carried out of such an(j nqt^warehouse or warehouses respectively upon any account what thereout until ever, but upon payment of the inland duties by this act impof the inland du ed on the said coconuts in manner following; that is to say, ties are paid, the importer or proprietor, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by him or them, shall, for such coconuts as shall be lodged in such warehouse or warehouses within the cities of London and westmm/ler, or the weekly bills of mortality, make entry with the receiver or collector of the said inland duties, within the said limits, of the quantity of coconuts he or she intends to take out of such warehouse, and pay down in ready money to such receiver or collcdor the inland duty on coconuts

z 3 by

wiurjfehoiife keeper, on rectivirfg a

to weigh and deliver such coconuts as are required, and to give a permit with (he same.

328 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii IIIl. C 55- C

by this act granted; and in all other plaees of Great Britain such entries shall be made at the office of excise next to the warehouse or warehouses where such coconuts shall be so lodged as aforesaid, and the person taking ouj the same shall pay down tlte said inland duty to the collector appointed to receive the same; and upon producing a warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates, signed by such respective receiver or collector, proper certi (certifying that he has received the said inland duties,) to the cate signed by respective warehouse keeper or warehdufe keepers, such ware housekeeper or warehouse keepers shall thereupon, at the expence of the person applying for the same, weigh the said co fcoa nuts so required to be delivered out, and after taking an account of the quantity so weighed, shall deliver out of such warehouse or warehouses all the coconuts mentioned or exr pressed in such warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates respectively, to have paid the said inland duties; and there spective warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers are thereupon to give to the person so taking out the same a permit or certificate to accompany such coconuts so delivered out, (which permit or.certificare shall be also signed by the officer attending the said warehouse) to prevent the seizing thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, garble to t*131 garble of all such coconuts, when garbled and secur

- ed in such warehouse, ift manner as aforesaid, shall and may,

from time to time, by the order and directiot) of the respective commissioners of excise, be removed out of the said warehouse, by the officers attending the same, and such garble shall he forthwith burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by the order of the said respective of.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who shall have actually paid his majesty's duties, by this net

been pad may payable upon coconuts, and to and for any other person who be exported, shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such coconuts from the person who actually paid the duties for the said coconuts, to export such coconuts, or the chocolate made of such coconuts to any parts beyond the seas by way of merchandise; giving a sufficient security before the shipping thereof, that the

pe burnt.

Coconuts, fonvhich the duties have

C

giving securi fy that the

frme not particular quantity of coconuts, or of the chocolate so intend pe relanded. c(j^exportc<^ an(j every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which security the officer of excise, at the port of exportation, shall take in his majesty's name, and to his Use; Statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That if, after the (hippiqg of any Penalty on re such coconuts, or of such chocolate, and the tendering or landing such giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or any part thereof, shall be relanded, that then, and in every such case, over anda £pve the penalty of the bond, which shall be recovered and levi

V $1

coconuts.

i7$i.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 329

ed to his majesty's use, all the said coconuts, and all the said chocolate, which shall be so landed', or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person who shall so export any such coconuts,

or any such chocolate as aforesaid, shall or may make proof up coconut, on oath, or by affirmation, (in case the person exporting the C to make same be a known quaker), respectively, that the inland duties oath that the upon the said coconuts have been paid, and that the duty up ^itpaidt on the coconuts whereof the said chocolate was made had

been paid, (which oath or affirmation the Collector of exqjje, or other person who receives the said duties, is hereby impow ered and required to administer); and thereupon the officer of excise at the port of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate under his hand, expressing the true quantity and kind of the commodity so exported, and that the same was shipped in Hisjpresence, and that sufficient security has been given*For f which certificate being produced to the collector of excise, or he inlandvu person appointed to receive the inland duty upon coconuts in ty to be paid the county or place where the same was exported, he shall forth to the export with pay to the person so exporting, or his agent, four fifths cross the inland duty which had been paid for the said coconuts so exported, or for the coconuts whereof the said chocolate so exported was made; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the sums mentioned in such certificate out of the moneys arising from the duties by this at imposed upon coconuts.

XV And) the more effectually to prevent frauds which may be committed in the exportation of coconuts and of chocolate, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any per Exporter of son shall be desirous of shipping any quantity of coconuts or chocolate, for which a drawback is to be allowed, such person or tjc* togthe of" persons (before the said goods shall be shipped) shall be obliged ficer two days to give notice in writing to the proper officer of the division or before the place where the coconuts or chocolate are intended to be hip ped, two days next before the same shall be put on shipboard; 0 p00

in which notice shall be expressed the quantity of coconuts and of chocolate respectively so intended to be shipped, and the time when the said goods will be packed up in order to be exported; which said chocolate shall, at the time expressed in such notice, be brought enclosed, and tied up and stamped in manner and form as chocolate made in Great Britain is directed to be enclosed, tied up, and stamped; and the commissioners of excise are hereby empowered and directed to cause such of taknofffk>ni ficer to take care to see that the (lamp be taken off from e aii chocolate very parcel and piece of the said chocolate so intended to be exported, exported, and the said officer shall take an account of thp quantity of coconuts or chocolate so intended to be exported, and shall make a return to the proper officer to be appointed for that purposel

Z VI anct

3^6 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. i

Securities

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Donation of That the securities by this act directed to be given for the due coconuts, exportation of coconuts, and of chocolate made in Great Bribe. to be dif tain as aforesaid, shall be discharged, without fee or reward, up charged, on on certificate returned or produced to the of of ex cl?ti ce unc^cr common seal of the chief magistrate in any place Scate, r&c,' or places beyond the feasor under the hands and seals of two*known British merchants then being at such place or places,

that such coconuts, or that such chocolate, was there jand CD or upon proof, by credible witnesses, that such coconuts, or such chocolate, were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas; examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the Commissioners of excise for the time being.

Damaged cof

XVII. And whereas damaged coffee, and damaged coconuts, have tee, or da frequently been imported into this kingdom, and have been sold for fau maged cocoa vage, or on other accounts, and the same have been afterwards taken into certain'price*, fioc's f persons dealing in coffee, tea, and cocoa nuti, 'by xftbta

j, otto be sold means great frauds have been carried oh, and smuggling encouraged, for home conto the great loss of the revenue, and to the great, injury of the fair futnption; trader \ for preventing of which mischiefs, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth ly of July, one thousand seven hundred and elghty pne, no damaged coffee whatever, which cannot be sold at a public sale for one drilling and sixpence the pound weight avoirdupois, nor any damaged coconuts whatever, which cannot be sold at a public sale for one shilling the pound weight avoirdupois, shall, dn act, account whatever, be sold to be consumed within this hut securedin kingdom; but all such damaged coffee and coconuts respectwarehousei. tively, under their respective value aforesaid, shall, as (oon as landed in this kingdom, be secured, by the proper officer of excise, in same warehouse or warehouses to be provided for that purpose, at the charge of the respective importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of such damaged coffee or coconuts, and to be approved of by the respective of of excisej Npt to be ta dr maj°r Part f them, for the time being; and shall there ken thereout, remain until the same shall be delivered out of such warehouse until sufficient or warehouses unto the proprietor or importer, or other persons, security be as stich proprietors or importers shall appoint in that behalf; exportation up°b sufficient security to be first given to his Majesty, his heirs thereof. and successors, (which security the commissioners of excise for the time being, or such person or persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint for that purpose, are hereby required and Empowered to take) that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which security shall be discharged, without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the commissioners of excise, or such per fpn as aforesaid, under the common seal of the chief magistrate in any place or places beyond the feasor under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being in such place. Or places; that such coffee or coconuts were there landed; or rppon proof, by credible persons, that the same were taken by, '. 1 enemies,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 33v

criinues. or perilled in the seas; the examination krid pfoof '

tfidreof oeing left to the judgement of the cbrnmissioners of Excise for the time being.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Alfyiivante so rfhat, from and after the said fifth day or July, one thousand seven officer Out of hundred and eighty one, where any officer of excise shall have the produce seized, as forfeited for unlawful importation, any cbffee, choco fc^edforu? lite, coconuts, or cocoa paste, (he respective cditimissioners of jawful iuipor efccife shall allow to such officer one third part of the full sum tation. C " that shall arise from the sale of such chocolate, cocfoa paste, or coconuts, after condemnation thereof respectively, free of all charges of condemnation and sale.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further edaefted say the Ho" authority aforesaid, That if the coffee, chocolate, cocoa past, warded i^case and coconuts, so Prized, after condemnation thereof, be sold the coffae, c. public sale for the sum of one shilling per pound Weight, such'seized by him coffee, chocolate, cocoa paste, and coconuts, respectively, shall' shall prove not in anywise be sold, but the same, and every part thereof, unfalca shall be burnt, or otherwise deftioyfed, by the bidder of the respective commissioners of excise j and; in such case, the officer

making the feiidre shall be Warded in such mariner "as the said of shall think proper, such rewafd not exceeding sixpence for each pound Weight of such chocolate, codoa aft, and coconuts, relpd^ively, so burnt 6? ddftrdyed.,

XX. And whereas tea dealers, and other persons, do frequently, After Joty Under colour and fan flion of the permits granted to them for the rev tfeaf V ihoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to dnblher, find fh\*ans to pounds* copy smuggled tea into their flocks, narto the (oafls of this kingdom, weight, ex dna afterwards to convey and remove flub smuggled tea to places with eept,

in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or to other part: of this b? brought kingdom, there to be sold and dfposed of, to the encouraging of gling, the great 'diminution of the public revenue, and to ine injury f

f the fair trailer; for remedy whereof, belt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after tile twenty-fifth day of. r. July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no^tea (exceeding the quantity of six pourids weight) shall at any time (save as herein after i mentioned) be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, not bring within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the dhief office of excise in Lon f "*

don, to any place within the said limits; and if any tea shall be Penalty, sound Tq removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with qr without permit, (save as herein after is mentioned) the ft|me, tpgether with the canifters, bags? and other package'*

whatsoever, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, nd the horses, and other cattle, and carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited? and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXI. And be' ft further eqa&ed by the authority aforesaid. After July ts, That, from and after the said twentyrfifth day of July, one 1781, no tea thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no tea exceeding the above 40 'fjuahtity of forty pounds weight, (not bring in the original chest Poundt ' 4 If

332 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii HJ. C 55. [1711.

weight, (not in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the being in the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi / chest in which and then continuing in the same (late in which it was lo ported*imported,) at any one time, directed to one and the lamp periled to any son or persons, where there are two or more in joint trade or one person, partnership, shall be removed or carried from any city, town, itc. shall be parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits one town to afor*km, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, net another. within the said city, town, parish, or place from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea, exceeding the said quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person or persons, where there are two or more in joint.trade or partnership, (and not being in the original chests as aforesaid, (shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the Penalty. same, together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, and the borfcs and other cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Several pack

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in ages, of 40 this act contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in p°un<j* r*0*1 any ^uck town, parish, or place, as aforesaid, from taking se^amecper ° out wo or more and by virtue thereof, sending two or

Ion, See. on more packages ot forty pounds each to the f^me person in the der different same day, so a the said packages shall not contain more than permits. Sec. forty pounds each, and shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances,

After Jply

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1781 f all tea That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, one thou even hundred and eighty one, all tea seized and arrested shall be sent to ai?y °ccr f the customs, or for the inland duties upon tea, London, and for any cause of forfeiture, in any part of England, dominion cf depofired in ff^ales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, before the toe

warehousetj tea, or any part thereof, be sold, be sent to and deposited in some warehouse or warehouses, to be appointed for that purpoi'e by the respective commissioners of excise and customs in England within the city of London, in order to be there publicity And all tea sold; and that ail tea seized and arrested by the respective offi feijccd in Scotr cers of the customs or excise, for any cause of forfeiture, within land (MH be that part of Great Britain called Siotland, shall, before the same, t^rrltamlfo ?r wp*rt hereof, be sold, be sent to and deposited in toe dtpoiiud. Sec. warehouse or warehouses, to be appointed for that purposebf*the respective of of the customs and excise in Sat land, within the linvts of the city of Edinburgh, to be there publicly sold all which said teas shall be sent to the said warehouses, in the said cities of London and Edinburgh respectively, with proper permits signed by the respective officers of ex the cr supervisors of the place of district from whence the said tea a so bp removed, to accompany such tea from the parts or places' stot

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 333

where the same shall have been secured, after the same shall have been seized and arrested as aforesaid, to such warehouse or warehouses, so to be appointed as aforesaid; in which permits stall be expressed that the tea so sentis tea seized as forfeited, or tea condemned as forfeited, as the case shall happen to be; anything in this, or in any other at of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the How dealert authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said twenty-fifth are to proceed day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, if any ho shall see dealer in tea, who shall have received into his flock any tea return aoy^ moved according to the directions of this act, and accompanied received by with an authentic permit or certificate, shall see cause to return them agree the same, or any part thereof, to the person from whom he re 10 ceived the same, then and in every such case such tea dealer^may, within twenty-four hours after he or she shall have received the same tea into his or her flock, give twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, under whose survey such dealer shall then be, of his intention to return the said tea, or any part thereof, and shall in such' notice express the true cause and oepafion for returning the same, and such officer is hereby required to attend accordingly; and so as soon as the said officer shall have examined the said tea intended to be so returned, and shall have taken an account of the quality and of the quantity there;

such dealer in tea shall forthwith, and in the presence of such officer, repack the same tea, and shall immediately, or within half an hpur after the coming of the said officer, and in the presence of the said officer, write on the outside of the package, in which the returned tea shall then be, in large legible characters, as well his own chriffian and surname, as also the christian and surnames of the person or persons, or the name or firm of the company from whose flock the same tea was received, and likewise the words Returned Tea; and the said officer is hereby Officer to requited and directed to underwrite on the package his own christian and surname, and to mark the said package with some mark or number, and shall then, and not before, grant a permit or certificate to accompany the said tea so to be returned; in which permit or certificate shall be expressed the quantity dnd quality of the tea so returned, the cause and occasion of returning the same, the marft or number put on the package, the christian and surname both of the person from whose flock removed, and of the person to whom the same is to be returned, and alfq the tiipe for which such permit shall be in force; and if any such tea be found returned, or in part returned, or return

ing without such permit or certificate as aforesaid accompanying withoiu a^pro* the same; or if such tea be found returned, or in part returned, per permit, ? or returning to any other person or persons than the person or C persons from whom the said tea had been first received; or if the tea returned, or in part returned, or returning with such permit or certificate as aforesaid, be not the identical tea which had Jjccq rcpciycd as aforesaid, without smy addition to, or alterati*' ' Pfl

334 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1781.

bti of the same; then, and in each and every such Case the 6kt tea, with the package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall artd rtiay be fei&ed by any officer or officer of exrife; and the person or persons returning the same, contrary to the true ihtent and meaning of this proviso, shall forfeit and lose the sum of orte hundred pounds.

Officers to de

XXV. And whereas tea of [matt value, and of inferior quality, is mafldaltft frequently sent from the ft oik 5 of tea dealers to other dealers in tea fjteowrof'with permits or certificates to protest the same, and great frauds are tealmevil minded persons, who change the tea whilst thefdtfie to to tettkor is removing from one place to another, and who subjhtute Jtnuggled tea ed jwytngfbr of far ftiperior quality and value in the place thereof: now, in order the same* totnable the officers sir the inland duties upon tea to deuft futh frauds, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, when any dealer in tea shall have taken out any permit or permits for removing tea from his own flock to the flock of any other Hke dealer, it shall and may be lawfol for any officer Or officers for the said inland duties to demand z fatnple (not exoee<fcng two ounces, or less than one ounce, to be sealed'by the trader, if he shall think fit, in the presence of the officer) out Of each parcel Of the tea so intended to be removed, paying for Rich Tample according to the price that such tea shall then commonly bear and Penalty on re be lpld for; and if any such dealer, so sending a Way tea as fusing officer aforesaid, shall'by himself, or by his servant, refufot64t»ffer'or fachiample, permit such officer or officers to take away any such' (ample of such tea upon his or their offering to pay for the same the price that such tea shall then commonly bear and be sold for 5 or if any such dealer In tea shall by himfdf, of by his servant, deliver a (ampie of tea, not being the Very tea so to be sent away with the said permit or certificate's aforesaid; every futh dealer shall, such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty

rjr. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

six pounds That if any tea, exceeding six pohnds weight, shall be found weight, to be catrying Or nemoving from any orre part of this kingdom to any one town to ot^er p*rt thereof, unless at such times as herein after mention another in the fed $ that is to say, from the twenty^ninth day of September to flight the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, between the hours of seven in the morning and five in the evening and from the said twenty-fifth day or March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in evening, (except the same is removing or carrying by a known common stagecoach, wagon or other stage carriage, which of penalty of ufbally travel out of those hours,) the said tea, and the package forfeiture, C containing the same, whether the same be accompanied with or without a permit, and all cattle and carriages made use of in the removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and ttiay be seized by any officer or officers fr fhp inland duties iipon tea.

Recital.

XXVII. And whereas great frauds have been, and are daily prettified

by persons dealing in exciseable commodities, who take out permits

from

for every pounds. r XXVI

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. j

from the officers of excise sir removing the ft commodities front their nfpsqivt facts and under pretence of sending the same to distant parts do obtain permits to continue in force longer than is neufiary sir the removing the aid goods, and infaad of removing the same directly from their respective facts do mate use of the same permits sir protecting smuggled goods whereby the revenue is greatly Icjfened* and the fair trader in thofecommodities aggrieved; and whereas doubts have arifsn* whether officers of excise who give permits to accompany excistable goods or commodities removing from one place of this king dom to another, by land or by water have authority to limit and express in such permits the time within which the goods and cmmodi* ties in such permits specified or mentioned*/ball be removed from and Otft of the flock of the persons taking out such permits and also the ... _

times within which the same goods and commodities fall be delivered and received into the flocks of the person or persons respectively to whom the same are so permitted to be sent: now to put an end to all doubts bo it declared and ea*dted by the authority aforesaid, Officers, n. That it is the true intent and meaning of the several of so^remorin* parliament, which direct the giving of such permits, that the cxrifeabie9officers of excise who give the same (hold, and they C bound good, are to to express and limit, in every such permit, as well the time for which such permits shall be in force, for removing and fencing atu bela away such goods or commodities from and out of the (locks of force, so, the persons taking out such permits, as also the time within which the same goods or commodities shall be delivered, and actually received into the (locks of the person or persons to whom the same shall be so permitted to be sent; and, if any Penalty on not goods or commodities, liable to excise or inland duties, and which by the several Statutes in such case made, are required to able to ie be removed or sent away with permit, are not actually removed permits, C and sent away from and out of every such (lock within the time limited and expressed in the respective permits for removing and sending away the same, or, in default of so sending away and removing the said goods or commodities, the respective permits shall not be returned to the officer or officers from whom the same were had then, and in every such case, the person or persons, from and out of whose (lock the said goods or com inedkies are thereby authorised to be removed, shall be fobjed to the like forfeitures and penalties as are directed in and by an act, made and pated in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the h'irft, intituled An act sir snore tffecr AA Geo. 1. total preventing frauds and abufis in the public revenues; sir preventing frauds in the Jalt duties and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of almost and cod fish* tn the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen exported from shot part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the infur once companies to plead the general sue in actions brought against them; and sir securing the lamp duties upon policies of insurance: and in case the said goods or commodities, respectively mentioned or specified in such permits shall be removed from and out of the respective (locks of the person or persons taking out such permit, within t{te time ex

In case of unavoidable delay in delivering such goods, the lame not to be fbi feited.

IF any officer shall find any increase in the flock of any dealer In spirituous liquors, coffee, tea, C since tut uji furvty

fochincrease shall be forfeited t

and also tol,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1781.

pressed and limited therein, and the same shall not, within the time limited and expressed in such permit, be actually delivered and received into the flock of the person or persons to whom the same are mentioned in such permit to be sent, then, and in every such case, all such goods and commodities so removed and sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be goods or commodities removed or removing without permit.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That, in case the said exciseable goods or commodities shall, by any unavoidable accident or necessity, be delayed, and thereby be prevented from being delivered into the flock or flocks of the persons to whom such goods shall be sent Within the time limited and expressed in such permit, that then in every such case, the court or jurisdiction, where any information shall be brought for the condemnation of any such feteure, shall, upon proof of such unavoidable accident or necessity, direct the goods or commodities so seized to be restored to the owner orclaimer thereof; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And zobercas persons dealing in or filing of spiritum liquorsbritish or foreign sweets coffee tea, chocolate or coconuts or some or one of them and who ate respectively under the survey of the officer of excise for inland duties, do frequently bring9goods and commodities, changeable with excise dr inland duties, into their re speflive warehouses bops cellars vaults and other places by them made use of for keeping the same without having given notice thereof to the proper officer under whose survey such persons respectively then are and without producing to such o fficer* or having with him the authentic permit or certificate that accompanied the said goods or commodities and, irt order to prevent the officers of excise from seizing the the same do fraudulently mix or mingle the said goods or commodities in and with other goods and commodities then in flock in such warehouse* hop, cellar vault, or other place; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall discover and find any increase in the flock or flocks of any dealer in or seller of any of the said commodities, over and above the quantity of each respeeflive sort or denomination which the officer found in such dealer's or teller's custody at the time of the last preceding survey upon such dealer or seller, such increase, whether mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in oy such dealer or seller without permit or certificate; and so much of the said respective flock or flocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited and lost, and a quantity equal to the increased quantity shall and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of any part of the said flock or flocks then in the possession of the person or persons where the same shall be found; and the person or persons in whose flock such increase shall be discovered and found, shall also jofe and forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0, 55.'337:

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au British spirits thority aforesaid, That if any such increase so discovered is in a certain aforesaid, shall be found in the (lock or docks of any dealer or £*» nr seller of British made spirituous liquoff^ the same shall not be

forfeited, if the owner thereof shall make it appear that such in create was made by mixing water with and amongst same of his said dock of British made spirituous liquors, in the presence of the officer of exoife of the division or place where such increase shall be found anything in this asl before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas by an act passed in the fecotid year of bit Recital of present Majesty's rtigny intituled An act for more effectually*Ge s preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors for home consumption, by laying additional duties upon spirits made in Greet

Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors; it ms, amongst other things, enabled, That to prevent distillers, who made spirits for exportation, from fraudulently removing wash, low,

wines, or spirits, the officers of excise Should from time to time make a charge from the apparent decrease of the wash of any such difliller or difiliers, except such decrease did really and truly arise from accident: end whereas the officers of excise are prevented from making true charges upon decreases in the wash of such distillers, for want of same certain rule for ascertaining the true proportion of spirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wash: now, for the better enabling such officers to make true charges on the apparent de creafcs of wash discovered at the stillhouse or ftillhouses of every difliller or distillers making spirits for exportation, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, every difliller and distillers who, at any time between the first day of Distillers of Ofliber and the first day of June, in each year, shall make ordiftil spirits for ex'spirits for exportation, shall, for every six gallons of wash, with l^ucctotbe in the time aforesaid found in his custody, produce to the sight officer a quan^ of the officer or officers of excise at least one gallon of spirits: of pints and that every difliller and distillers who, at any time between proportion the first day of June and the first day of October, in each year,

shall make or distill spirits for exportation, shall, for every (even custody, gallons of wash, within the time last aforesaid found in his custody % to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at lead one gallon of spirits; such spirits to be in each case of the strength of one to six under hydrometer proof: and that in every case where the produce of the spirits, extracted by any such difliller or distillers within those resp&live times, shall fall shortor they (halt of the proportions before mentioned, every such difliller and be charged for distillers shall be, and he and they is and are hereby chargeable with, and shall pay duty for every gallon of such wash, which* within the respective times aforesaid, shall be missing, over and above the said six gallons and seven gallons respectively, at the same

lowed for waste in rectifying or compounding spirits for exportation

33. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. $5.

rate as the duty is chargeable and payable upon the decrease of waft) discovered at the ftiu fioufes or distillers who di^il low wines snd spirits for home conffimprion $ and the officers of e*cife are hereby reared, ip (ppji ?afe$, to make the pre charges as well for djte low wines as also For thelpi rit, upon every gallop of wadi respectively so missing as afpip* said, in likq mariner as distillers working for home conffimpti ooare noy, charged ppon d^creases of wall; which said duties. on the said low wipes and spirits, so to be charged as afprekid, shall be paid by every such distiller or diallers at the respective*times, and in the same manner, and under the like rules, regulations,

penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties charged on distiller who diltil for home consumption are now made payable; anything in the bid before recited act to she contrary naiwith standing.

Six gallons per

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afone tonne to be al said. That, from and after the said twentieth day of July, one thopftnd seven hundred and eighty one, when any distiller or distillers of spirits for exportation shall take out any quantity of spirits from the wiwehouse or warehouses wherein the same were locked up, iivorder to have rhofe spirits rectified or compounded, before the are exported, as by the said before recited act is permitted, fuah distiller or distillers shall, in consideration of waste, be allowed six gallons in every tonne of such spirits so to be rectified or compounded, and so pfter that rate for a greater or leffir quantity; Which allowance of six gallons ineypry tonne of spirits Jo. rectified or compounded, is in full compensation for all waste, lost, pr damage whatever, (except in cases of unavoidable accidents, which shall be proved xo the Oatisfaction of the commissioners of All dccrcafe excise 5) and if any decrease shall at any time appear in the quaft tvab^vet^g^p*ts ta^en out by any such distiller or distillers to be proportion to or compounded, except such as can or may, be account

fee charged ed for by the allowance aforesaid, every such distiller and distiu with double $rs shall be charged, and the officers of excise are hereby requir duty ed to charge him, her, or them, for all the spirits so found

to be decreased, and not properly accounted for, with dqqhle the duties such spirits would have been charged with if the bate bad been made for home consumption; said charge of double duty, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be made up by the proper officer at the end of every three months, and the duty so charged shall he paid by every such distiller and distillers, within three weeks after the expiration of such three months respectively; which said double duty shall be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner as the duties upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are by an act made, in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An al far taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, end by knights servicey and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon Ins Majesty in lieu thereof,) or by any other law now in force, relating to the revenue of excise on beer, ale, or other liquors, art^drafted to be recovered and levied.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55- 339

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore After July so.

hid, That, from and after the said twentieth day of July, one7*, n 0"* thousand seven hundred and eight one, spiritsmadc for exportation rit mad? for shall not, in act, case whatever, be delivered out of the ware deh

house, or warehouses wherein the same shall have been lodged vered out of and secured, to be used for home consumption; any law, fta the ware tute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. house foe

XXXIV. And whereas, notwithstanding the many laws that have

frm time to time been made for feturing the duties low wines and After Aug. 1. spirits, and for preventing the private diflillati - 1781, every id persons do privately distill large quantities of law wines and, person who

anddofecretly dispose of the same to r({lifters, and to other

to the great injury of toe revenue, and of the fair trader now, for U

the more effectually putting a flop to such fraudulent practises, & deemed a be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after common dii the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty jr cone, every person who shall make or distill any low wines or fpi sits, whether for Tale or not for sale, shall be deemed and taken, 'and is hereby declared to be a common distiller for sale, and is hereby required to enter his, her, and their (till and (tills, and all other vessels and utensils by him, her, or them, made use of for the making or keeping of wah, low wines, or spirits, at the office of excise next to the place where any such persons shall and pay duty then inhabit; and shall be liable to be charged with, and shall pay,* such forall low wines and spirits by them made, the several rates and duties of excise charged by the several acts for laying duties upon low wines and spirits, and shall be subject to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several penalties, fines, and forfeitures, imposed by any act or acts of parliament now in force in anywise relating to distillers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All persons, That, from and after the said first day of, one thousand after Aug. 1, seven hundred and eighty one, every person making or keeping, 7s,

any wah prepared or fit for distilling of low wines and spirits, fo/dsiuing and having in his, her, or their custody, any (kill or (kills, shall of low wines, be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, a com tec. or any mon distiller for sale, and liable to the several duties of excise n tbj "* upon low wines and spirits, and to the several penalties, fines, jjl deemed and forfeitures, imposed by any act or acts of parliament now in common dif force in any wise relating to distillers'. tillers.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore No person, said. That no person, after the said first day of, one thou after Aug. r, (and seven hundred and eighty one, shall make use of any vessel, 17*? P wall batch, or other utensil, nor any room or place for the

making, brewing, or keeping of wall made from melasses, fu making wadi gar, corn, or grain respectively, or from any of the said mate for low wines, rials mixed together, or from any of them mixed with any other e. w "hot material or ingredient whatsoever, for the distillation of low fj^he next wines and spirits, without first giving notice thereof at the next office, office within the limits of which he or they do inhabit, upon pain to forfeit for every vessel, wall batch, or other utensil,

V ql. XXXIII A a room.

340

on penalty of 501.

If Any dlftit ler, br dealer

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1781.

room, or place, so made use of without notice as aforesaid, (tie sum of fifty pounds,

XXXV rl. And whereas the penalties already provided againjifbf ... receiving or buying of British made spiritugus liqudrs frorri ihefpef liquort^h* Jprivately dtftil those liquors % have, by experience, been filing buy brveeeire ineffectualy and nqt.mfficient to restrain or prevent such fraudulent anybrftifti practices9 in regard that the duties defrauded often do amount to more spirits from than the penalty that ean be incurred, whereby evil minded persons hannertle1*01 hove been rather encouraged than deterred from suchprafiices, to the words'distill gf diminution of the revenue upon British made spirituous liquors, er, ke&ftier, and to the great aifeouragement and loss of the fair trader: for rec.

painted, ....." w a

agreeable to 19 Geo. 3. cap. 50,

(except at public fates of condemned spirio)

tneiy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Augufly one thousand (spv$k hundred and ght*one^ if any person vyho shall either make, distill, redfify, or compound, any British made spirituous liquors for sale, or who shall sell or deal in any sort of spirituous liquors, shall receive or buy, or procure or employ any er? sin to receive or buy for him, her, or, them, or forftvs, her, or their use, any British^spirituous liquors (except at the public Tales of such British made spirkuqus liqupfs as have jb#n condemned, and are sold under the direction of the com tnifiioners of excise)) any person or persons other than a marker, distiller, redlifier, or compouhder of spirituous liquor, 'jr Tale, over the outward door of whose stillhouse, storehome, w^re house, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, liy him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping of Britflb made spirituous liquors, shall be painted the words Distiller, Hec pfiefy or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, (as ihe case shall fie) as by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of kispre fettt Majesty, (entitled, An act for more effectually preventing frauds by private distillers9 and for the better securing the duties on hvq wines and spiritsfj is directed and prescribed; everytpch be shall forfeit, person so offending shall forfeit and iofe, for every such offence, 500l. the sunn of five hundred pounds.

fioviso.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That such offender, who shall be prosecuted for the said penalty of five hundred pounds by this act given, shall not be again, prosecuted for the same offence fiy any former al; and that such offender, who shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, shall not be prosecuted again for the same offence by virtue of this present act,or anything herein contained, ir u cat r

XXXIX. And for the more <_ any fucbsi.* further enacted by the authority; ritnous LI fi ri persons who shall have delivered or loid any. quors shall, spiritoous liquors to any such distiller, reifier, or^cqropounder before any in xti British, made spirituous liquors, or to any fuih dealer in lpt been lodged r*tuous liquors, contrary to the true inteqt and meaning of the again him, sold before recited act of the nineteenth year of hiss present tty inform again jessy, shall, before any information hasbeenr lodged agaifift Mmo, h, b^cr*.rc Tier, or them, for such offence, discover and inform ggainfttbe person or persons who received or bought, or who. procured

dull himself be indemnified

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.' 341

dor employe any other to receive or buy for him, her, or them, such British made spirituous liquors as aforesaid, every such person, io d Hoovering and informing, shall thereupon be iifchargedand indemnified from all penalties to which, at the time of such information given, he might be liable, for pr by season of such his own offence.

XL Jbd whereas, byan ab made in the last session of parliament, Recital of0

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties Geo. 3» ?*£ upon malt, and upon low wines and spirits made for home con is', fumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading in, vending, or selling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate,) certain ql itmaces were direbedto be made and paid to brewers

makers of beer and alt far fate, in manner as in and by the aid it

particularly mentioned and preftribed: and whereas the payment of tbtfe allowances, at the times and in the manner therein dlrt&ed, bane been found very inconvenient and burdensome, and the entitled to such allowances are thereby greatly delayed in receiving the same; sir remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority afore jiud, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand part of the iforen hundred and eighty one, the several rules and directions said act rein the said act.prescribed for payment of the said allowances, (hpll pea*ed« cease, and.be no longer observed; anything in the said act npt arithstanding.

XLI. And it is hereby, further enacted by the authority afore When the allaid, That, from and after, the said fifth day of July, one thou lowance on send seven hundred and eighty one, the several respectiveallow Serorale " ances upon each barrel of beer or ale brewed by the common brewed by the brewer or maker of beer or ale for sale in Great, by the common

laid aft given and made, shall, from time to time, be set off or brewer, <h»jl allowed out of the moneys payable by every such common n, a C brewer or maker for the duties charged on the beer or ale by them wspectively brewed; proof being first made by oath, or by affirmation, if the party be a known quaker, that the beer, or ale, for which any such allowance shall be claimed, was brewed Cnee the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, (which oath or affirmation the collector, or other person appointed to receive the said duties, is hereby required and im powered to administer)) such allowances shall be made at the time when, such duties are by him or them respectively paid; which said allowance, io to be made and set off as aforesaid, the respective couuniffiotaers of excise are hereby authorised to mhke, and allow accordingly

LII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by The money authority aforesaid, That whatever sum or sums of money showed to duff he fa allowed pr let off as aforesaid any such brewer, or brewertww* maker of beer or ale for sale, shall.he. replaced to the duties on to bereplactd* beef or ale out of the first moneys that shall arise and be received born and opoa account of the additional, duties on malt, by V A a 2 the

34*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0^55. [1781.

the said act Imposed, In preference to all Other payments whatever.

This act not

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to abridge the nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to powers of the extend, to take away or lessen any of the powers or authorities excise officers. heretofore given to the officers of excise, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the said duties. All the

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

powers, C That all and every the powers and authorities, directions, rules, former acts methods, 'penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, rtuxingtothe m and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign

revenue of of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for taking awcj excise upon the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights beer, and o fonnee^ and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majtly fluh beappli n ^ieu thereof,) or by any other law now in force relating to his ed in execut majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are log this act. provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other pentl ties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

"Penalty on af

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeto!, faulting offi: That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, of cers m execut* pose, tnolefl, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the due ing t us a. execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this act, every person or persons so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum offifiy pounds.

Penalties and XL

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, forfeitures thatallfir.es, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, covered an be seed for, recovered, or mitigated by such ways, means, applied. and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be seed for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of cxcit, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotlkndj respectively; and that one moiety of cveiy such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them ho.

*.. discover, informyor see for the same.

judgements of

XLVII. And be it further declared and enacted by the axe

commiieaners thority aforesaid, That all judgements of the commissionm

'excisej

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55, 343

excise, or justices of the peace within their respective jurisididi of excise, or ons for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or ef justices of fefts* seized as, forfeited under this or any other act or acts of pace in con parliament relating to the duties of excise, or other duties under ^dsable1 °* the management of the commissioners of excise, shall be, and goods, shall be shall be deemed and taken to be, a final nd conclusive, to all as final as any intents and purposes whatsoever, as any judgement for the con such judge demnation of any commodities, goods, or effects given in his nj., n the majesty's court o exchequer. Exchequer.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and judgements of declared, That such judgements of the commissioners of ex commission ciie, ?nd justices, the peace respectively, shall be subject and liable to appeal in all cases in which any appeal is by any ad or cer*mn cases, acts of parliament given or allowed; anything herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or action. times, be sued or prosecuted for any at or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties of excise, or inland duties, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space.of three months next after the ad or thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper county; and such Persons feed person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give jj. this act and the special matter in evidence for his or their de other tft^e fence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant taring to ex or defendants, or the plantiff or plantiffs, in such action or suit, cife duties,

shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judge mentftull b.c. given against him or them on demurrer or o en€ra ue therwife, then such defendant or defendants shall, have treble and recover costs to him or them awarded against such such plantiff or treble costs pbintiffs.

L And whereas by an act, made in this present session of parlia Clatufe for nent, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additio ^dbfymga nalduty upon the produce of the several duties under the roa ^/of the nagement of the respective of of the excise in Great present session. Britain)) was, amongst other things, provided, That nothing in the

aid eft contained Should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or amount of the duties upon fondles made in Great Britain: and whereat by one other act, made in the nineteenth year of his said present Majesty's reign,

(entitled, An act for granting tq his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the Several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain,) it was, amongst other things, provided, That nothing in the said a8 contained Should extend, or be conjbrued to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or amount of the duties payable for tallow candles rand whereas it was the meaning and intention of the said before recited a made in this present session of parliament, that the exemption of the additional duty of five sounds. pet Centum Should extend only to tallow: tandlgs made in

344

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5 [1781.

Great Britain, in like manner as the exemption by the Nineteenth year of his present reign toes promdtddndnkb,

and the word Tallow teat, through rnfiake, omitted to in the /didprovtfo: now, for corroding and amending the frit) mi (fake, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That by the word Candles in the said act, made in this present session of parliament, was meant Tallow candies only; and that from and after the passing of this present a6ty the produce and amount of the duties on all candles made hi Great Britain, (except tallow candied,) flnlf be liabld tdj add shaft be charged with the Bid additional duty of fire pounds per Centum, imposed by the said act of this present session Of pat (lament; anything in the said act to though contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

Act act for granting to his an additional duty upoti

nacksprinted on one side of any one [beet or piete if papet dfti for allowing a certain annual out of the fold duly to each if the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the mmf heretofore paid to the said uriiverfities, by the company of Of the city of London, for the privilege of printing alinmatis.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS almanacs, printed on one side only [beet or pieee of paper, are not to the same ditties as on

imposedon Other printed almanacs, by rtafote whereof grout have been practised, to the injury of the fair tracted, and the of his Majesty's revenue; therefore we, your Majesty's dutiful loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ojemblti, do mofi humbly btfieth your Majesty that it may be add be

it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the So From the paf thority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this fifi his aft, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout tlonalduty te*"ng^om f Great Britaunto and for the use of his ma ofsd.ro be jesty. h's heirs and successors, for every stlmahdcfc or calendar,

Said for every for one particular year, or for any time less than a year, printed icet alma on one side only of any one street or piece' of paper, over and ?n Great"1* a^k)ve the duties now charged thereon, an additional duty tsf Britain. twopence; and for every almanac or calendar so printed, and made to serve for several years, the said additional duty fsr every such year.

New duty to

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be under the That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, ttri management paying the said additional duty lit tein before gt anted, the (ant missionersvor e under the government, care, and management, of the stamns. of for the time being appbintfed to manage the da tics charged on stamped Vellum, parchment, and paper, tabu, or the major part of them, are hereby required Und impodend O' -. to

1^81.j, Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 34$,

tq.$ppjojrthe, necefiarvofficers v»n<ier itpm, fgr that purpose; and to cause such new stamps to be prqvjded, W denote toe fai ditty as ihsu be reqnifite in that behalf; 'apd to do all otlfer things, naeessary. to be done for putting tills aft in execution, witfv relation, g said dutyheyein beforegrajited, in the like, and in W full find ample manner as they, or the major part ojt 'tew* are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aptho commifiwn rityi aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication ofdemps or «! ny prowm&iw?9nfbeet or piece of paper, upon which alma ie 0tlc northeast? nacks aye to be printed, and upon which several duties aye by, thermal several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful, dutfei;

for the said comroilfioriers, inhead of the dihinft damps 91; marks directed to be provided to denote the several duties on hick (Sheet or piece of ferper, upon which almanacs are to be printed, to ca, use one northwest damp qr. mark to be provided, to denote 'the said federal duties,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority, foresaid, and may alter That fjuch damp r mark, as the said coouniflipnecs are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and mayfeeal

tered and renewed in, fuph. manner 9s any othey flumps or ktswks on vellum, parchment, or paper, aye, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, ^dirfi4*4 to he altered and renewed.

V. And it is hereby, further ensued, by the aitfhflrity sfpp % All

sans. That every alfnapaek pr calendar shall be printed ip fuftito be primed, manner, that fctme part of such printing shall be upon the dpuap 1, 1 fut, jtn, a "Z qt mark which shall, in purfuarjee of this act, be impyefled up of the^nnt oa the paper whereon the Came shall be printed; and if any >ng shall be peyfcm qr persans shall, from and after the gassing of this act, on the ttamp. print, or cause to be printed, any alipao^ck or calendar otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall fell, or expose to sale, any Cuph aimapack, before the paper whereupon fuph almanac lbpu he printed shall have been duly marked, and uppn which the dgfpp or mark herein before directed to be impressed, at the rhyme of such sale, shall be plain and visible, that tlven every person fa of Penalty, sending shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds,;

to he levied and applied as U directed by the several featpp laws now in force.

VI. And whereas great frauds are by perfms effiwg Penalty on the damps on alwsnqch, which they pretend have been cist selling alma

such almanacs, for the gre4t.tr convenience of framings piaffing tpe nackswith the same; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority thetemother aforesaid, That if any almanac or calendar shall be sold, or e wise than wa posed to sale, with the (lamp affixed thereto in any other man done at the

- ner than as the same shall have been impressed upon the paper ft»f te at the damp office, that then every such almanac or calendar shall be deemed an undamped almanac, and the person or persons selling, or exposing the same tq sale, fttfll he fabjsft and

A a 4. liable

Perpetuil almanacs not to be charged with more than three years duty.

AH provisions, penalties, See. prescribed or inflicted by former ah relating to stamp duties, shall be in force in execution of this act.

Penalty on persons counterfeiting any stamp, or selling any almanac, Sec. marked with a coan teifeit damp.

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. [1781.

liable to the same penalty a they had if sold, or exposed tofrf^ an undamped almanac.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual almanac, or any other calendar or almanac, with more than the duty that would be payable by this act, in case such almanac tray made for three years only. J

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That alljpowers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeit tures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all othermiff j ters and things, prescribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any farmer act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered shall be in full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person, from and after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark to resemble any damp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty his heirs and successors, of the said duty hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any paper or almanac, with such counterfeit stamp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the stamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And whereas the power oj granting a liberty to print almanacks^ and other books, was heretofore supposed to be an inherent right in the crown: and whereas the crown bath, by different charters, under the great seat, granted to the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, among other things, the privilege ofprtnting almanacs: and whereas the universities did demise to the company of Jlationers of the city of London, their privileges of printing and vending dlmanacu and calendars, and have received an annual Jam of one thousand pounds and upwards, as a confederation for such privilege: and whereas the money so received by them has been laid out and expended in promoting different branches of literature andscience, to the great iner 'cajt of religion and learning, and the general benefit and advantage cf theft realms; and whereas the privilege or right of printing ohni*

noth

1781.] Anno no vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 3+7

nocks has been, by a late decifittn at law, found to have been a com.

righty over which the crown had no control, and consequenity thb.

umve/ftties no power to demift the same to any particular person or body of meti % whereby the payments Jo made to them by the company of fiationers have ceased and been discontinued y be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty out of the fourth day of June, bne thousabd seven hundred and ^ighty duties granted one, there (half be ifilied, paid, and applied, ill every year, out by of the moneys which shall arise by the duty herein before gfcmt a

CD the sums of money following, to the two universities of fc year to the ford and Cambridge; that is to say, the sum of five hundred' university of pounds to the university of Oxford, and the sum of five hundred' and:

pounds to the university of Cambridge; which said several and Cambridge t respective sums of money shall be, and are hereby charged upon tq^the duty herein before granted, and shall be paid thereout year half yearly, at Jy and every year, at the two usual feasts; that is to say, the Midsummer raft of the nativity of Saint John the baptist, and the birth of and chrilt our Lord Chrifi; the first payment to be made, on the feast of ma, the birth of our Lord Chriji after the passing this act, by the receiver-general of his Majesty's lamp duties, free and clear of all fees, dues, duties, taxes, and deductions whatsoever, unto the chancellors, matters, and schobrs, of the said universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and to be received by the hands of the vice-chancellor of each university respectively, or by some person or persons duly authorised by each respective vice-chancellor, under his hand, to receive the same, to and for the foie ufeand benefit of each of the said universities j and the receipt*of the vice-chancellor of each university, or of the person or persons duly authorised, as aforesaid, by him to receive the same, shall be a sufficient receipt to the said receiver-general of the lamp duties, and shall be allowed by the auditor and auditors of the impressed, and all other persons Concerned in passing his accounts, as a full and sufficient discharge for the making such payments out of the aforesaid duty.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duty to be That the said duty herein before granted shall be paid from paid to the time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time neralvoftfe' being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; stamp duties: who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said duty, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and and by him accounting for the same, and also the sum of one thousand paid into the pounds, herein before directed to be paid to the two universities CXC c*ucr» of Oxford and Cambridge, being first thereout deducted)) the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped velluta, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid: and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt'as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the find money, fa paid into

the

34#

and carried to the sinking fund.

Persont fucd in execution of this act, may plead the gen aril! djue,

Anno vtcefimapdm^g^owsii IH« C. 7.pjftt, the said reaeipt of thf ex^hapier^shall he cwifi to gjnl infot*. part of the fund con^maol_y called

XXI. And it is hereby, enacted by the authjftfity, wrr laid. That if any penibnor persons shall at any tine, or sued or proliscufod for anything, by bin or weth. dqjbf t^r ojfe* cuted in puduance of thfs acsv, or of any matter of thip" "at contafuedj'tnch person or perlpns shall surd may general iijoe, and give the Special matter in'eyidtnc* tpefeis qc

and rkover treble coiu.

ur Afiyi gift ruw apwvmar tunuvi in' vy vk

their defence; and if upon the trial a vendist shall pads (pr Ue. defendant or defendants, 9c the plaintiff or plaintiffs. qtyq'.hf

come npnlhited, then such defendant or defendants (half bsg, treble calls to him or them awarded against fiipd plmtuiffoc plaintiffs.

CAP. lvif.

An act granting to his Majelji a certain Um of monex votjotdr sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mei^kteqi'for the far rice of the year one thou rand seven hundred and eighty' for ftrtbes appcopri*lfo»g thelbppkee granted II thufoflmw

mm,

prehmbte.

Towards raiihig the f^ppiy. 1*741, yin. n. d fid out of the inking fond, for this ftpiifca^f the caroepft year.

b issued by the treasury accordingly. Tstafury impowered tcm sum of i»74*>9i*/ xs*id. or any part thereof, by loan or C bills, on the credit of the (inking fond, ATI person? who flrah lei money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of Hoop, with for repayment of the money, wkb intaoeft. Orders to be regiftovot m courfev ( Noundue preference to be given in pavopent* No fee tfi^,

with coils and incapable of his office. Auditor, See. neglecting Umsw^ fcable to aftioft for damages, and coia, to be recovered at No undue preference in the rendering, where order ase b«9ing^stt|pft % ai day) nor it febsequent orders are paid befqvc others not brought iiacpnfo so as money be re/erved for the preceding orders. Power '1* tflismm\ by endorsement to be entered by the auditor without fee and fb twsap qa ties. If it shall be judged more adviseabfo, the trsafaey may nab tfoid sum by exchequer bills uritead of loans) and the fcnifo ha fqch Caiqjp bt made in the manner prescribed by the land tax aft Ql this M

advantages and penalties in the land tax act of this session, rtladhe to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, estmoie this act. The fsid exchequer bills, intered, and charges are to foreni

out of the (inking fond. eankautborhcd to food0 im*|snl»

of 1, 74ai&i % l u id. notwithstanding an act of 5 and gul

The sum of 188, 346 /. 19l. d. surplus of the sinking fund, on Jaa. gtsylt; 757, 087 /. 17 /. 10 a. of the said surplus on April 5, 1781313*70*/. itx ioi.

ay. remaining in the exchequer, on April 5, 1781, of the ti 4x3, 000l., remaining of the dpties on wines, granted in Qco, i jg^rif remaining of the dories on glafis, granted m 19 Goo,.

g, remaining in the exchequer, subject to the dispogripn ofpf*

400, 000l. out of the balances remaining in the hands of eart" presentative of George Grenville deceased, William lord such ard lord Howe, and of sir Gilbert Elliot fopresentatite 1 Elliot deceased, late treasurer of the navy. Sec. John. Powell ing executor of Henry lord Holland deceased, Caroline lady representative of Charles Townshend deceased 5 of Frederick and of George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy reprcfrntatsw* Cookdecpaied \ and of aba bonoonkle Tkomot Xownfocnd^ nritlifof, Georp

i ?#>.}: Anno vlmfimopnrtiiogsmtoiii ibv c. 57.

Cooke decehfed; late paymafiets g/theral of the forces Ac 18, 7*3l. j zia reaming in the hands of sir William Howe; kite commander, in chief ito Amcno*. i, jerfl 14l. in the hands of the executors of Zachary. Phifip Foonereau esqune, &c. tracer for furnishing Gibraltar vfish. provisions from May ra 17*7. t6 Jan. 17* 1779* m48l./. 0^ 1 y., in.

the hand of Thonha* Ramify efooire; executor of John Ricbtadson jef. agent to oot pdnfaner* of chcuh* Hospital from Deo.*&1 to June 24#1774. 77s/. 8j. 6d, 17. in the hands of sir William fitfkan*as r quarterwbhmer general of the sordes fronfc Doc. aj* 1778. to June 30, 1779« and ceruln moneys to he paid ioto the exchequer by the Baste India 00m-pany; m distfaarge of the daxme of the public so the net profit at homo before May 1, tyis* atd also the duties on Gum Senegas and Gum Ara, fiwvaf April 5* to April 5, xytv shall be applied toward making gaud the alpply*. A fnm not exceeding 51*7471.?; > 6*/« out of the firings Of the fume granted for augmenting thi forooe4 aemmn

fog ef ifvy mbriey, lee. for 17791 and 14, 379/* 8v. k <htt of the facings of grants for the pay of infantry shah be afppliedtnwards defraying r the extraordinary expenses of the find forces, &c. from Jan 31, 1780#. to Feb. f, 1781. 'she moneys arising by the land tax, malt (axe, lottery aft, Ihint* v(*500, 000/:,) farther loans (1, 900, 600l.) Bank agreement, fs^ooaoooo/i) rote of credit (1,000, 060l.)88*346 /* 19l. d. remaining. in the cxchtqutr on Jan. 5* 1787, of the furplaffa erf the sinking fund; '797^087/1171# tod. remain ing on April 5, 178!, of the said furplofies# 23*768/; ws. iod. q remaining of the two fetenths excite; 40*000l. tt mfcifting of thi duties on ekiet* granted in 18 Geo. a. cfiyeoa/* remaining of tbt duties Oh glass, granted in 19 Gtto., 16, 879#' '8* 27. re

omtnmtg April 5, 1781* &c. 400, 000 remaining in the bends of the late. tieafurdfa of the ty> Ac and late pdyixafters general of the forces, Ac 18*7x14 13l. ti. iosm hands of thecbrnmafider in Chief in nerthainerica* 1*357* 14* in the hands of the dontra&or for provtfienl forqibrakar. 8*848/* ijl 17. in the bands of the agent to out pensioners of Chelsea Hofei tab m 77s/. st.6d. q. remaining in the bands of the quarter matter gemfolof the forces 5 alfe certain nfenies to be paid Into the exchequer by the last Indih company; fucfi morvica as shall be paid into the exehe. qocr between April 5, iy8i, and April, 5, 178s, of the produce cff the odfiscdo Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 1, 743, 91a/. si. a if by this act'granted on of the surplusses of the sinking fond; together With the amity arising froht the sale of French prices taken before the dedaratfon of tar; and also faeh foms of mdnfey as his Majesty shall dir to be ap piim to the public service, which shall ariie out of the sale of the ceded dfoadein the West Indies shall be applied to the tries following: 5, 736*277/1 ytk. towards nasal services; 3*0036006 towards payihgoff the navy debt; 58718*4l. XII9d. for the chtfgw of the office of ordmanee* for 1781; 4977*8*4 4l. dt for dittos not provided for in 1780 \ m^utoqt y r. 4d. for ditta^ler 1781, exclusive of the former eflivnate9 7, 7*3, 911l. 4; ud. to wfmemfonfailiing the land forcthi see. ef which 11*49, 774l. 8*. so^ the charifcsof 39*666 tfk&ilc men, incihcung officers, and 4, 113 inrafidi, for guards, garrisons, &c. in Great Britain Ac.; 1, 488, 9^7l. for forces and garrisons in Africa, and the East Indies, &c. 42, 917 /. 16 /. for general, and general staff officers in Great Britain; 56, 074l. 19l. 4 d.4. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca; and for pitmfions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1781; 3671*03l. 9l. xoif. for 13, 472 troops of Hefie Caflel, &c. 39, 597l. 1 /. 11 d. ul for two regiment9ofhanau, &c. 17, 498 /. 3l. 2 d.^q. for a regiment of ffcldeck, Ac.; 93, 947l. 151. 8d for 4, 300 Brunswickers, &c. 39, 644l. 14l. j4. for 1, 447 troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 16, 630l. 11l. yd. iq. for mfttnr, &c. of Anhalt Zerst; 49, 373 /. 17 /. 1 d. for provisions for foreign troepsfenring in America; 6, 463l. 8l. d 3q. to make good a deficiency in the films voted for the troops of Hefie Caffe I, for 1780; 27, 683 /. 14l. for de tnfoi* the charge of artillery for foreign troops, for 1781; 671, 457 /. 15l. for d&aying the charge of the militia in South Britain, &c. for 1781; 99, 679l. 13l. 4</. for the defraying the charge of clothing for militia in8/11; 79/759 A for reduced officers of land forces &c. for 1781; 596l. 4r.

*4

Anno vicesih&o primo Georgii I. If,* 57. [1781.

d. to thetwotrooprof horse guards reduced, Sec. 91, 60+1 7 s. 1 d to "the out pengoners of Chelsea hcrpital; 117, 608l. 6/, 8 d. for 80 independent companies of foot, See. 6, 010l. 3l. 9<£ for additional companies, dec. of militia in South Britain, for 1781; 8, 451l. sd. to make good the deficiency of pay of the said additional companies, for 1780. 1, 107l. is, 4d. to make good a deficiency for paying lord John murray's regiment of iootj 31351, 589l. 131. 4^.1^. for extraordinaries of land forces, Sec. from Jan. 41, 1780. to Feb. V 1781. i, 06o, 000l. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of last session; 1, 500, 0*0l. for paying off other exchequer bills of last session 4 1, 900, 000l. for paving off further exchequer bills of last session;2, 222/ to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued in pursuance of the addrftte* of the house of commons; 36, 207l. 41. yd. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset House; 80, 000l. for relief of the Gifferers in last Octobert in Barbados, and 40, 000/, for the relief of those in Jamaica; 5, 099l. sor. yd. foriiipport ing the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 1, 986l. for the civil establirlh roent of Georgia; 3, 950l. for the civil establishment of East Florida 3, 900l. for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3, 150l. for the civil establishment of the istand of St. John; 107l. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America; 13, 000l. for maintaining forts on the coast of Africa; 4, 994/* r. 6d. on account of new roads, C in thp highlands of Scotland; 57, 910l. is, for relief of American civil officers, C 8, 000l. for affixing the Levant company; 20, 671 /. iud. for making compensation for certain lands. See. near Chatham; 13, 45*/. 17l. or making compensation for certain lands near Sheerness, See. 148l. 18l. for making compensation for certain lands, Sec. near Tilbury Fort; 15, 487l. 17l. paid to Duncan Carppbell, for maintaining convicts, Sec. 10, 000 L towards rebuilding Newgate; 25, 000l. toward repairing the king's Bench and Fleet prisons; 5, 200l. to certain sufferers in the late insurrections; 30, 999l. ns. d. to make good the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. a; 191, 664l. 7. d. to make good the deficiency. of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 18 Geo. 3. 193, 6631 oj. id. q. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3. 222, 745l. 4s. 6d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted in0 Geo. 3. and 8, 551l. 8l. 8 d. 3 q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1780. The said aids to be applied only to the uftrs before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. None to receive half.pay, who was under 16 when regiment, Sec. was reduced, for unless he did duty in some regiment, Scc. and had no place of profit under government, nor any chaplain having a benefice, nor having sold his commission, has had no commission since, nor any person by warrant except entitled as a reduced officer, nor to officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except those taken off half pay in Great Britain. By ian act 20 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 82, 905l. % $. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying said officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late wan, or to officers' widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 58.*351

CAP. lviii.

An act for rendering more effectual so much of an act, made in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for appropriating a fund established by an act, made in the seventh year of the reigo of his present Majesty "granting to "his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for "the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and "flax, " as relates to the distributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, out of the said arrears and duties, to the purposes aforesaid, for a time limited.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventh year of the reign Preamble of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting to R... his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for the encou '3* raging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax), it is enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyseven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several additional rates and duties following; (that is to say).

For every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Packing Canvas,

Spruce Elbing, or Queensborough Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one farthing:

And for every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the fluttfif one halfpenny; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act or acts of parliament:

And that, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all foreign lawns, imported into Great Britain, shall be rated and entered as Silesia lawns, and shall pay duty accordingly; and that, from end after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every yard of foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one penny, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act or acts of parliament: And it is by the said act further enacted, That the money arising by the said several rates and duties Should from time to time be respectively paid into the receipt V his majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue; and that a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, arising from the said duties,

shall be kept apart in the said receipt as a fund for the encouragement

35. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 58/ X

of raising and dr effing hemp and fox in this kingdom, in such way and manner as parliament Jbeil thereafter dir eft \ and that the re mainder of the said several duties should he reserved in the foidje nipped for the fotyre ddfpofiuon of parliament: gtnd whereas by another act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Recital of 10 (entitled, ana6t for appropriating a fund established by an a, Geo. C 40. |d?de in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty'

'An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax); it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majfty, his heirs and successors, firm time to time and at all times thereaftery by his or their royalfign manual for that pttrpose, and lounterfigtyd by the commisfiopers of his Majesty s, treofury for the time beings or any. three or more of them, or the high treasurer for she time being, to dire ft, order, limit, and appoint the gijlributiop and payment of the ': "sum of eight rtyujand pounds per annum, from the commencement of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually after'or of eight fifteenth parts rf the sum and fumsef enemy which haver already grown due, and been kept apart, and flxtu thereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the encouragement of raising and dr effing hemp and flax in this kingdom, pursuant to the din ft ions of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty; and the remaining even fifteenths of the fold fund, appropriated for the encouragement of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax in that part Great Britain called Scotland, is put wider the management of, tty trustees and commijfmers for encouraging and promoting fishings, nlami failures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas the eight fifteenth parts of the fond fund'allotted for (he encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England, hath not hitherto been paid or appl\edfor the purpofp for which the same was intended: And whereas there is now remaining in his Majesty's exchequer, the sum of forty-four thousand seven hundred and nineteen pounds, nineteen killings, and five pence, reserved there for encouraging the raising and drcffmghcmp and flax in that part Great Britain called England, as the proportional part directed to be applied by the find act of the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, of the additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, which were granted by an act of ike seventh year of his Majesty's reign: And whereas,

tf the said aft of the tenth year of his presentmajesty's reign, so far as rffoefts the di/lribution and payment of the fold arrears, anaf\he the fold eight fifteenth part; of the said fund appropriated to that part of Greiat Britain tailed: England, was altered, and the application of the fold fund put under the management and direction of the commijfmers for trade andplantations, in the wanner hereafter Air stead, it would more fully answer the intention of thtugifiature in Pfjfing the said a fts: May it therefore please your'majwy that it xnay be eqatfed; vand be it enacted by the kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cortfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons; in this present parliament assembled.

1781.] Anno Vicesimo primo Georgii 10. C 58/ 353

fcfribled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of Part of the re

foe said recited act, of the tenth year of hrs present Majesty's

reign, a respects the direction, ordering, limiting, and appoint cdc repca

ktg, of the distribution and payment of the said Turn of eight thousand pounds per annum, or of eight ftfteenth parrs of the

fufn and films of money which have already grown due, and

l>een kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due, and be kept apart,

for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and

flax in this kingdom by his majesty's royal (ign manual, pursuant to the direrdtions or the said act of the tenth of hisjpresent

Majesty, '(hill be, and is hereby repealed.

71. And be it Wrtfher enacted by fheabthofity That The dutribn-

the distribution and payment xtx the sum of tfight 'thousand tien f 8»9°o1* pounds pr annum, from the commencement of the fold aft ef he encou^ the seventh year of his present Majesty, m.d. 'smntuflly after ragcitientof 'wards, or of eight fifteenth parrs tiff the Turn and sums of m.d. raising and

pursuant to the Sireftions of the'find*act of the tenthyear of ofxhtcom* fhis present Majesty, and ev&y matter and thfng for the appro priatioa thereof. According to the true 'intent'and meaning of;

the ai act of tneteyenth Of his majesty, shall be, and is here^,

put uhderthe management and direction of the cotnmlflidn ers for trade and plantations, with and under such conditions,

'teftfictions, and imitations, as herein after are expressed.

Itl. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that j part of Great Britain called England, there shall be applied, di for raising 'stribuetd, and paid, in bounties yearly, a him not exceeding hemp a^fifteen thousand pounds, to be charged upon, and paid but ot, in Epgl the aid arrears now in the receipt "Of the exchequer, and out of the after produce of the said'duties i at the rate of threepence t^jcrp*fct vper' stone for every stone of hemp weighing fourteen pounds, and fourpence per stone for every (tone of flax weighing four sore. teen pounds, to be raised in that part of Great Britain called England in the year one thousand ftrven hundred and eighty-two, and in every subsequerttyear during the space of five years, and which shall be broken and properly prepared for market, to be paid to the grower, or other person who breaks and properly prepare such hemp and flax for market.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Howdwmi grower, or person claiming, and who shall be entitled to the said ^fljaubeun* bounty, ftiahfign and exhibit his claim to one of thojdftice9 of exhibited. the peace for the county, riding, or place, within which the and attested. henjpor flax' has been raised, mentioning infuchclaim of what crop the same is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or 'flax grew; and which claim (hill be' likewise attested by two of the parish officers of the same parish with the claimant or grower, who shall certify that they believe the truth of the particulars contained in such claim; add 1^hich da*mi, wheii*so attdft -

ed.

Persons receiving any bounty are to give bond to the clerk of the peace C

Money reco wered how tb be applied. 1

Justices, at' their michael mat sessions, axe to adver tlfe the'bounties, C

Names and places of abode of the claimants to be published, CI

*i i

Justices to make up, yearly, a date of the claims' allowed by "them, and ta transmit tke.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 58. [1781.

ed, the said justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit to the justices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter sessions.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall claim and receive any of the bounties hereinbefore grantea, shall, at or before the time when he shall receive the same, enter into a bond or security, (without (lamps), to the clerk of the peace for the time being, or his successors, of the said counties, ridings, or places respectively, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said justices, at their quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, within which the Taid hemp or flax was grown, in the penal sum of treble the value of the bounty claimed and received, and of the hemp or flax for which he shall have claimed and received the same, with condition that such person is duly entitled to the said bounty, according to the true intent and meaning of this act: which bond shall and may be put in suit, under the orders and directions of the said justices at their quarter sessions, by the clerkof the peace for the time being again every such perforvof persons as the case shall require; and all sums of money so recovered'shall be put ipto the hand? of the treasurer of the respective counties, and be applied, in the iira place, towards defraying the charges and expenses of prosecutiqg* the same, and the other charge? attending the execution of this act, and the remainder towards

f Jbb fund Ut of which the said bounties are tq be granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices in each county, at their quarter sessions'at

: Michaelmas next, and at every following Michaelmas quarter fe( fions, during the continuance of this act, shall, and they are hereby required to advertise and publish the several bounties by this a granted, witji the conditions necessary to be complied with before the same can be received.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices, at the said next quarter sessions, shall ptiblifti the names and places of abode of the persons who have claimed the said bounties, and the quantities of hemp or flax for which they claim, to the end that the said justices' may, by the means aforesaid, or by such other means, methods, proofs, and inquiries, as they shall direct and judge most fit, discovef and be able to ascertain, against their general quarter sessions at Midsummer in each year, the quantity of hemp and flax raised in the county, riding, or place, and the truth of the several claimants' claims and pretensions; which claims the said justices, at the said Midsummer quarter sessions, are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, finally to settle and determine.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices shall, at their said Midsummer quarter sessions in each year, make up a date of the claims which have been finally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the commissioners for trade and plantations; and the said comtnif sioners, on the receipt of such returns from the several counties.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 58. 355

shall! apportion the sums applicable to each county, and certify same to the to the Jord high treasurer of Great Britain or lords commission^trad ers of his majesty's treasury for the time being, the amount of plantations, the sums so claimed and allowed, and pray an issue of the whole See. amount of the said bounties; and the of of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, (ban thereupon, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue (without see or reward) their warrants or orders to the receivers of the land tax of the several counties within which the said to p lyon or hemp and flax respectively has been raised, 'to pay, '(without de der of the duction, see, or reward)*on the order of the quarter sessions of quarter fef each respective county, riding, or place, the sums appropriated for such county; and the said justices, at their next ensuing quarter sessions, shall distribute and pay, without fee or reward, each county, the same to the several persons, or their assigns, who shall have been found intftled to the said bounties.

- IX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Directions for the grower, or other person preparing hemp or flax for market, sellers, be. of and who shall sell any quantity of hemp or flax within that part of hempor Great Britain called England, shall deliver to the buyer, along with such hemp or flax, a particular account of the hemp and flax fold, expressing the quantity, place where it grew, and the year of its growth; and the seller in like manner shall take of, the buyer a receipt, in writing, containing a duplicate of the quantity bought, the place where it grew, and the year of its growth.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for Justices to the better information of the lords commissioners for trade and plantations, the said justices in each county shall, and they are sioners for " hereby required from time to time, at their several quarter fef trade, be. a Cons, to make up, and transmit to the said of for rta*e f the trade and plantations, a state of the claims which have been and hesr^ro* then made, and their proceedings and judgements thereupon, ccedingsthere which the said of shall return to the quarter sessions upon, cof

each county, with such observations as may occur to thetp, and such directions as they may think necessary for the better ascertaining the claims, and which directions the said quarter sessions are hereby required to observe and comply with. A

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oahcq°uanfi

said of for trade and plantations shall annually make ties of hemp up an exact Account of the quantities of hemp and flax raised, and flax rais and of the moneys prayed and issued to the quarter sessions of e

the different counties, and shall annually lay the same before before padi/ both houses of parliament. ment.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Commission

shall and may be lawful for the said of for trade and ers may make^plantations to make such further rules and orders for the said furrherniles bounties, and for preventing abuses therein, as they shall think

expedient, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such Allowances to

Vol. XXXIII B b reasonablemadetothe

356

clerks of the peace.

The recited

arts to continue iu force, except where altered.

Continuance of this art.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 7 Anns, C 7.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 59.60. [1781.

reasonable allowances shall be made to the clerks of the peace respectively, for what they shall do and perform in their respect ive offices for and towards the carrying into execution the purposes of this act, as the justices at their respective quarter sessions, shall from time to time order and direct.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited acts of the seventh and tenth years of his majesty's reign, shall continue and be in full force in all respects, except in so far as the same are hereby altered or varied.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this art shall continue and be in force for and during the full term of five years from the first day of August, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Upon the King's mefiage, for extraordinary expenses for military services for the year 1781. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for r, 000, 0001. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bit s, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax art of this session, concerning loans, C The clauses, See. in the said art relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the same on taxes granted thereby or that limit the rate of interest) extended to the loans. Sec. to be made in pursuance of this art. Principal and irtterect, with charges, to be paid oat of the next supplies, and if sufficient f applies he not granted before July 1782, then to lie paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys k issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank rtnpowered to advance, on the said credit of Loan, any sum not exceeding 1,000, 000l. notwithstanding the art of 5 & 6. W. & M.

CAP. LX.

An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the Jutn of two million:, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, and for raising a further supply to her Majesty, fqg the (cfvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and nine, it was declare ed and ennsted, That the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, Should continue and be one body corporate and politic, and Should for ever have, receive and enjoy, the entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of excise therein described, end such abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein expressed \ subject nevertheless to a power and condition of redemption in that oft

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. co. 357

contained in that behalf: And it was thereby provided and entitled

That at any time upon twelve months notice after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two and not before; and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors* of the several sums amounting to one million six haired thousand pounds therein mentioned without any deduction discount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof \ and upon payment to the said governor and company and their successors % of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should tt owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company or their fuc- teflon Should have remaining in their bands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid (such funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in the same aft only excepted); then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine, as by the said act (relation being the reunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign intituled An act to raise twelve hundred rec*lta] of in thousand pounds for public uses, by circulating a further sum aft n Ann, ip exchequer bills; and for enabling fier Majesty to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of such debts and arrears owing to her servants, tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned; the before recitedproviso or condition for determining the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds upon twelve months notice after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and thirty two upon such payments as aforesaid was thereby repealed and made void: And it was thereby provided and enacted That at any time upon twelve months notice,after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty two and not before % and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors* of the said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds without any deduction discount, or abasement whatsoever, and upon payment to the said governor and company and their successors* of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should be owing to them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company or their successors, Should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid (such funds for redemption whereof other prcv'ifion is made in the said former acts, or any of them or in the said recited act always excepted) j then and in such case, and not till then the sold yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine: And it is alfi further provided and enacted, That from and after such redemption of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and from and after

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. co. [f 78f.

redemption Should be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred dhd six thousand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen shillings, and five pence, by the said recited a of the seventh year of her said late Majesty's reign, settled and payable to the said governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned \ and from and after redemption Should likewise be made of the fund established by the said recited act, in relation to the exchequer bills therein mentioned \ then, and not till then, the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England Should cease and determine; but, till then, the said governor and company Should continue a corporation, and Should have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were entitled to, as by the same act (relation being the reunto had), may more fully appear: And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late mayefiy King George the Second, intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; the said governor and company, and their fiuccessors, were directed to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the full sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, on or before fitch time, and in such manner, and under fuel conditions, as in thf said act are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enacted, That the fiveral and respective provisoes contained in the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other provisoes contained in any aether astor acts of parliament, for determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the respective notices and payments in the same respective acts mentioned, Should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, so enlarged as aforesaid, and their fiuccessors for ever, Should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, by the name aforesaid, and Should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, out of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpttual successton and privilege of exclusive banking as therein after was mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchij'es, exemptions, privileges profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were intituled, by the said acts of the Jcventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any aether astor acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in force; all which were, by the said act, ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said provijoes and conditions, of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whotfo ever theretofore bad, made, done, or committed, for redeeming,

determining, or making void, the said corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive bank ing, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them; subject never the iejs to such restrictions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things as in the said acts and charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or prescribed, and also subject to the power and condition of redemption thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred andsixtyfour, and not before, and upon the repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England or their successfors, as well of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, formerly advanced, as of the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds before mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the whole, to the sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, without any deduction, diseount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, Should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid,

(such funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in and by the acts of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine:

And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing an q^ta *agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, forraifing certain sums of money towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer such (lock, or receive such dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the owners thereof; it is recited. That the governor and company of the bank fl/*england were willing and contented to advance, towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the sum of one million, on exchequer bills bearing inter ejl, to be paid quarterly; and the said exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the first aids or supplies which Should be granted by parliament for the service of the year me thousand seven hundred ayd sixty six; and in case sufficient aids or supplies Should not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the same to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the sinking fund; and also to pay into his Majesty's exchequer, towards the said supply the sum

o Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 60. [cyst.

of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, without wiy r/poymnt of the principal or allowance of interest for the same; provided thit the privilege of exclusive banking, and, all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, Jranchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in the said recited, or any former, aft contained, Jhmild be granted and confirmed to the said governor and /dmpany, in such \ manner as in the said recited act is mentioned: Mnd it was by the said recited act enacted, That it Should and might be lawful to and for the commijfwiers of his Majesty's treasury, thin or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at arty time or times before the fifthday of January, m thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to carfeor dire ft any number of exchequer bills to be made out, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions as in and by an act of the then present session of par

4.gcb c.x lament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousatid seven hundred and sixty four, xvere enabled and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act; and the said governor and company, and their successors, were directed to advance and pay, into the receipt of his mfejiys exchequer, for his Majesty's uft, the full sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, on or before such times, and in fitch manner, and under such conditions as in the said act art mentioned 5 and it was declared and enacted, That such part of the said recited provision, contained in the said act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, Should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, Should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, by the name aforesaid, and Should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, cut of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual faccession and privilege of exclusive banking, las therein cster ivas mentioned, and all otfor abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages what 'fever, wherennto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were inti (led by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late Majesty Sffiiecn Atme, and the said act of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in forte; all which were by the said act ratified and confirmedto the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said proviso and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other proviso ft, powers, ufts, matters, and things whatsoever, theretofore

bad,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. So.

Mad, made, Jonty or committed, for redeeming, determinings or mating void the said corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, ond all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exempt fions, privileges, profits, or advantages, or ary of them \ Juried nevertheless to such rejlridions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things, as, in the said acts and, eta Ur s', or any of them then in force, Wire contained or prescribed, and also subject to the power and condition thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That, at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first defy of August, which fhtuld be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company e>f the bank f England, or their fuuejfors, of the said fuup f three millions twp hundred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in part re? sited acts without any deduct ion, discount, or abatement wh atfsever,

to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred tlmi and pounds, or any part thereof j and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which fbculd be owing unto them, upon all such tallies, exchequer ordtrs, exchequer bills, or parliamentary sums, which the said governor and company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, such funds for redemption whereof other provisiott was made in and by theacls of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted; then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine: And whereas the said governor and company of the 3nhn*to ad batik of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the vance^two 3 supply granted to your majesty for the firvice of the year one thou millions for sand seven hundred and eighty one, the sum of two millions, in the service of manner following; that is to say, the sum of one million on or bethe pre'ent fore the fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred year and eighty one; and the sum of one million on or before the fifteenth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two on exchequer bills, bearing intere(l at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said exchequer bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the aids or supplies which shall be granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four; and, in case sufficient aids or supplies shall not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, the same to be charged upon and re,

out of the sinking fund; provided that the privilege of exclusive j^elusive pru* banking, and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, vilege of F franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in any banking. Sec. former act contained, be granted and confirmed to the said governor be confirmed, and company, in such manner as is herein after mentioned: Now, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain An parliaioeat aifembfed, being devout

chequer bills for two millions, before April 5> 1781

362 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 60. [i78ri

to raise, with as much ease and advantage as possible to your subjects, the necessary supplies, and to encourage the said governor and company to advance the said sum of two milhions, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by Commissioners the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to of the treasury and for the of of his majesty's treasury now or for

i^aktocutdex° l*me or any three or m(5re f them, or the high trea roa eou ex surer tjjc tjmc being, at any time or times before the fifth

day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to cause or diredf any number of exchequer bills to be made out for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act fa granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, fa the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

All the provi

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ioe», penalties, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, in the^3nd tax advant3ges> penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in aa of this fef the said last mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills au fion relating thorised to be made by the same act, (except such clauses as do to exchequer charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and such (except char c^au^es as ^, mt or relate to the ascertaining the rate of interest cs on taxes and to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the rate of interest said act, and also except as herein after mentioned), shall be ap and as herein plied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfu aftermention ance Of C as fuj]y and effectually, to all intents and pur ihdi be appli poses, as if the same had been originally authorised by the said edti thetx last mentioned actor as if the said several clauses, or provisoes chequer bills had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this a a.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said exchequer bills shall bear an interest after the rate of three pounds per Centum per Annum.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out

quer notvobe virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been current to any issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at anytime before the na — — expiration of three years from the day of the date of such exchequer bill, received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any dtfehars«r other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise thereof; or onaoy other account than for the xlifeharge and cancelling

of

pursuance of this a. Exchequer bil s to bear interest.

Bills issued at

collector of the customs, C for three years;

1781^ Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6o. 363

of such bihs, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of any exchequer bill so to be made forth 5 nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of such exchequer bill, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the same shall hafre been issued three years from the receipt: of the exchequer, according to the date thereof; anything in the said act made in this present session of parliament intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land toxy tot bt raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousmsd seven hundred and eighty one, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Exchequer. Thar all fueft exchequer bills, together with the interest and bills to be re'incident to or attending the same, flidl be, and are paid out of hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or tote granted born by or out of any of the aids or supplies which shall be for the year granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand 1784.

seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case sufficient aids or jg> supplies for that purpose shall not be granted*before the fifth supplies are day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then not granted all the said exchequer bills, with the interest and charges inci before April dent to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged fcjbiua flutt and chargeable upon such moneys, as at any time or times, at or be charged on after the said fifth day of April, shall be or remain in the receipt the sinking of the exchequer of the furplasses, excesses, overplus moneys, and farther revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf;,) and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying oflf, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, interest and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Moneys fois aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the fuedout of the said farplufles, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues fining fund composing the sinking fund, shall, from time, to time, be re [{)eac€ placed by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted first supplies in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary not vrithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore The bisk to laid. That the said governor and company of the bank of Eng exchange for

land, mwef

364 Anno vfcqflme priflio Geokou JJL co, 8f.

all such bills, W, and; their foccflflors, shall, and arphereby required foc with interest, change for veady money, from time to tiipe, all wen of the Xaid as Hull, with qccbeqper bilis, s shall, within the pace of threg years from be ttndcredu) th thereof, be tendered or produced to them, or their them s cashier or cashiers, for that putpgfe, jiy any perfoa or perfbas;

and hall pay, or cause to he, paid, to such person or persons, ia ready money, thp sum for which every such biu./q tendered or produced, wap issued, together wifo the intereu, oftef thefiufl jrate of force ppupds ptr % tyutym pfr Annum, jwh^fofoafl be then due thereupon and, Avail ckc^pge in manner as^forefod such of the said Ipillsas Avail h^vc: been, from time to time, paid away or circulate! by or on tbje Jiehalf of the fid governor and pom pany9 or foeir fodeeffors^ and shall, before the fai£, sith day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty sot be tendered or produced as aforecawi, as often as such case shall happen; But shall not and the said; gov^rnor^and company, or their; fufxeffors, or be entitled to their agents or servants, shall not be imitlq4.te.jor receive aity f"yis»esm^ premium, rat, qr allowance what foe vpr, for of in fefpeff of the form qwhjanging cm, circulating the said exchequer bihs* any tbrag herein, or sony ofoer, advpf parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by foe^ufoority aforesaid, In case (he hat 19 case, foe aid governor ancj company of the bank of bankrefifle England, or their/uccetfqrs, or their calmer, or:, cafoiers, shall neglect or refofe io exchange apy such exchequer jbjjl or bills may bftffc*. for ready money as aforesaid, contrary to foe frue intent and vtoed* meaning of fois a, upon demand thereof made at their chief office wifow foe city of £qndou, for the space of twenty-four'1 foours, foqn.foe person or persons demanding the same, or the

a., t ipcrfop or pprfprvs for and on whose behalf such demand shall be r r made, (hal and may recover such money, to, his, her, or their own ufq, by acuop of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or ia ffonnation, han y of his majeay's courts of record at fveflmn* fler, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, hall be allowed, or any more tlvan one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare tlvat the said governor and company, or their successors, are indebted to the planttff or plaintiffs the money demanded upon live laid bill or bills, according to the form of this Statute, and Plain tiff in 'have not paid tive same, which shall be sufficient; and the titled tom plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action, bill, suit, or information, mages and shall recover against the said governor and company, and their colts. /beceftors, not only the money (b negle<3cd or refused to be

paid but also damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds ptrct* ium per Annum, on such money, together with soil costs of salt; k _and the said governor and company, and their successors, and

'ttheir said flock and funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto,

Theprovi

IX. And be it father enabled by the authority aforesaid, Urns ta^act Tfiat the clauses, powers, and provisions, in the said ac made oftbufcfcon in/his pw^f^ffionv/pvliaracntj (iautuled# An eijfor tmi

V

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. pp.

ing an aid to his by Majesty a land taxy to it raiftd in Great Britain, relating to for tit service of the ytar one thousand seven hundred and eighty one,) contractor relating to such person or persons, body or bodies politic or?rcircula corporate, as (hold contract, by virtue of that act, with the chequedbflb*. high treaai^r, or any three or more of the commissioners of the (except as to treasury for the time being, for tfye circqlating and exchanging rate of inter for neaejy «aoney the exchequer bills by the said act authorised c*>and otto be muedf except the clause for altering the rate of interest, and such other parts as are varied by this act,) shall extend to shall extend to and operate, withtefpeft to the said governor and company of the bank in the bank ofengld»d9 and their successors, in relation to the ex at, onj°£hc chequer bills to be made out, excliapged, and circulated, by rirtu?nf^ia virtue of this act, in as full and apiple manner, to all intents and pqkposes, as if a cootraft in writing had been madjefor that ... r

purpose0 the manner prescribed by the said act, andas if the fais) claiifes, powers, and provisions, were herein ijpeciauy re enacted and applied to the purposes of this act.

And, for tbt encouragement of the said governor and company Such Part of of the bank of England, etnd their fucaffors, to exchange and circulate the recited the said exchequer bills, in the manner and during the time herein he aft Gco U fere mentioned; and to the end the said governor and company, and the^eomia their successors, may, have a competent recompense and consideration ing the sufferjo doing; it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority fporatiop if. aforesaid, That such part of the said recited provision contained bank, #?, in the said act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his pre repealtdv sent Majesty, as relates to the determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per Annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and The bank to company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, remain a body shall remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, ^n^ovn'oit* by the name aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive and enjoy, exclude the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds out privilege of of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual banking, See. succession and privilegeofexclusive banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor nd company of the bank of England are, or, before the making of this act, were intituled, by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and the said acts of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty Kiqe George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, now in force; all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said proviso and conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid; and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whatsoever, teretofore had, made, done; or committed.

At iny time, after Aug. i. II upon 12 months notice, and repayment of the said 3, 100, 0001.

and all arrears of the said 100, 0001. jger Annum,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii TILL C 6o.

[1781.

for redeeming, determining, or making void the said corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges profits, and advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things as in the said acts and charters, or any of them now in force are contained or prescribed 5 and also subject to the power and condition of re demotion hereafter in this at contained in this behalf.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the said sum of three millions two handred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in part recited adis, without any deduction dii count, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per Annum, and all the principal and interest money which shall be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, such funds for redemption whereof other provision is made in and by one act of parliament, made in the eighth year of the reign of his majesty King Gary the First, (entitled, An act to enable the South Sea company ti dispose of the efforts in their hands by way of lottery or subscriptm^ir to sell part oj their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in $/ der to pay the debts of the said company; and for relief of such wi; were intended to have the benefit of a late art, touching payment tf ten per Centum therein mentioned;,) and in and by one other art of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for granting en aid to his Majesty by ale of annuities to the bank of England at fnr pounds per Centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the I sinking fund, and for enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis aid Saint christopher's debentures for annuities at three per Centum, and for the applying the arrears of his late Majesty's civil list revenues;,) and by one other act of parliament, made in the second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, (entitled, An aqfir raising the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, \ by sale of annuities to the bank England, after the rate of four pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by parliament, ani{er applying the produce of the sinking fund;,) and by one other a of parliament, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 60.367,

Majesty, (entitled, An act for establishing an agreement with the

governor and company of the hanlt of England, for cancelling certain

exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned, and for obliging

them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax

and malt duties, granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty ftxf) always and only excepted; the^-

then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of funcj j^au

one hundred thousand pounds shall cease and determine. cease.

XII. And to prevent any doubts that may arise concerning the pri No other vilege or power given, by former obis of parliament, to the said go bank shall be vemer and company, if exclusive banking, and also in regard to the ere^ed by treeing any other batik or banks by parliament, or refraining other surin^the persons from banking during the continuance of the said privilege, continuance granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as be of the said fere recited; it is hereby further enacted and declare by the au privilege j thority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of this

that no other bank shall be erected, established, or allowed by parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for any body po nor shall any litick or corporate whatsoever, erected or to be ereaed, or for £un?ber of any other persons, united or to be united in covenants or part partnedhip nership, exceeding the number of six persons, 'in that part of exceeding six Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any be allowed, sum or sums of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any less time than six months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance of such said privilege to the said governor and company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclusive banking, as before recited, subject to redemption on the terms and conditions before mentioned; that is to say, on one year's notice, Conditions of after the first day of August> one thousand eight hundred and redemption, twelve, and repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thousand pounds, per Annum, and all the principal and interest money that shall be owing them on all such'tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, (such funds as are before mentioned only and always excepted,) which the said governor and company, or their (uccefifors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be*infilled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid'not otherwise; thing in this act, or any former act or acts of parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the au What shall bt thority aforesaid, That any vote or resolution of the house of deemed a fuf commons, signified by the speaker of the said house in writing, nouce# and delivered at the public office of the said governor and company, or their successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a

sufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this act anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick act* That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public

aft; and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, or other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the 'kmc.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 10 Geo. j, cap. j.

3^8r Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C.

[178

i

CAP. LXL

A act to explain and mrun&fo much of an act, made in the twentieth'year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to vest certain me linages lands, tenements, and hereditaments* in trustees, for the better securing his majesty's docks ships, tod (lores, at Plymouth and Sheemess, and for better defending the pa (Tag e of the river 'Thames at Grauejend and Tilbury Forty as relates to the femrity of his Majtjbfs docks, Ships, and forts, at Plymouth.

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of party merit, (entitled, An act to vest certain me ullages* Jam)?; tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better seeing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth ^tul Sheerness, and for better defending the paitage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort J certain messuages, lanky tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned to be situate its the counties Devon and Cornwall, werey with other mej/uoges, Iqnk, unements, and hereditaments, situate in the counties of Kent and Essex, vejlod in the right honourable sir Fletcher Norton bight, and other persons therein mentionedr, and their heirs \ in trust never thelefsfor fitch persons and persons, bodies politic or corporate ecilt fiafiiau or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making tbt [said act, were the several owners andproprietors thereof according to their respective estates and interests therein, at the same time, in ufi. session, reversiony remainder, or ctherwtfe, until such estates and is ter efts Should be respectively adjudged and determined, or poftjjtn thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majesty's ordinance, or engineer, or other officers adding under their authority, which they were thereby empowered to do, whenever it Should be found nectjfarj for his Majesty's service, and the several sum or sit ms of money, end interest for the same, after the rate offive pounds per Centum per Annum for one year, for the grofi sum that Should be affiffedfor the true and real value thereof, in manner andfoim therein mentioned, Should be paid: and it was by the said act also enacted, That immediately after payment Should be made of the sum and sums of money to be aftertamed in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the right and interest of all persons pofifejfiei of, or inter cjled in, such mejfiuagts, lands, tenements, or htreditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof respectively, the said trustees Jlmld be deemed and adjudged to jlandfeijed of the premises so paid for, to and for the uje of his Majesty, and his heirs and successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all right, title, claim, and demand whatsoever, thet could or might be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil: And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said act, and the powers and authorities to him given, iffici ois commijfton, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the twenty first day oj August left, authorising and impowering certarn persons therein named, or any five

Recital of his Majesty's letters patent, dated Aug.

I. s7so.

17ji.] Ahrio vfccsimo primo Georgii III. c. Gi.

or mere of them, to do, perform, and execute y all power s, dir eft ions, matter s, and things, in the [said act contained, which by the said act such cmmissioners were authorised and required to do, perform and execute*and the said oft, and commission issued in pursuance thereof have been carried into full execution, and been fully performed with respect to such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditamentsf as ate situate in the counties of Kent and Essex: whereas, m executing the fflid oft, so far as the same relates to the security of his Majesty's docks, ships, aid /lores, at Plymouth, some difficulties have artfen with respect to the description in the f said act given of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, intended to be puribofed for better securing the docks, ships and sores at Plymouth afor of aid: and whereas fitch of the said lands as are necessary for the purposes of the security of his Ma jiffs docks, Jhtps, and foresr at Plymouth, have be, en Jurvoyei, measured, and marked out, with a boundary line or lines, and are and contain as herein after mentioned; that is to say, all those pieces or Description parcels of land, with their appurtenancies, situate and being at Mount of certain Pleasant, in the manor and parish^stokcdamerejl in the county of lands near Devon, herein after particularly mentioned, (that is to say,) a//plymouth. that piece or parcel of land, being part of the Mount estate, containing, by admeasurement, five acres, three roods, thirty-five perches, and three quarters, being part of a field called Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounded on the north by Furze Park and Underhill Field, eafi by mijlrtfs mervvn'o meadow and Mount Meadow, south by the said Mount Meadow, being all in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, and by the lane hading from Stoke to Key bam Wood Fields, and on the west by the west part of the said Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike!; also all that other piece or parcel of land bting the west part of Mount Meadow, containing, by admeqfurement three roods and twenty-eight perches bounding On the north side by Mount Fiekl, on the eoft by other part of Mount Field, on the south by an orchard, garden, and farmhouse, called Mount Farmhouse, and on the west by Mount Field aforesaid i all which said several pieces or parcels of land, with the abuttals and boundaries, are in the tenure or occupation of the said lieute natit colonel Dixon; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Furze Park, containing one rood and thirty-six perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounding north and west by part of Furze Paik, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike, east on the eoft port of Mount Field aforesaid, and south on the West part of Mount Field aforesaid, also in the tenure Or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon; also all that mejfu* age or tenement, farmhouse, outhouses, yard, garden, and buildings, belonging to Mount estate, containing, by admeasurement, one toed and twenty perches, bounding north and east on Mount Meadow, and part of orchard ground in the occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, on the south on the road leading from Stoke to key him Point Field, and on the west an Mount Field of orefdid, in the

occupation

37o

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C.

[178c.

occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon 5 also all that part of an orchard andjlable, being part of Black Pool eflatey in the occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, containing by admeasurement ten perches, bounding on the north by the garden and Mount Field aforesaid, on the east on part of Mount Field aforesaid, and on the other part of the said orchardtn the occupation of master John spur rill, and on the south by the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields; also all that small part of Home Park, containing one rood and one perch, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Spurrill, bounding on the north by the said last mentioned lane, and on the south by Home Park aforesaid; and also all that field or parcel of land called Lower Midway Field, fituote in the parish cf Stoke Damerell aforesaid, containing, by admeasurement, one acre, three roods, and four perches, in the tenure or occupation of John Thornton, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure or occupation of mistress Susanna Croad, east on Upper Midway Field, south on a small enclosure taken from the lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke, in the occupation of the said John Thornton, and west on the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields aforesaid; also all that other field or parcel of land called Upper Midway Field, containing, by efiimatiotty two acresy one rood, and fifteen perchesy in the tenure or occupation of the said John Thornton, bounding north on the said field, called Keyham Wood Fields, in the occupation of the said mistress Croad, east on Lew Down, in the occupation of John Hill, south on the said lane, and west in part on Lower Midway Field, and other part on the said small enclosure; also all that small piece of land taken from the said adjoining lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields, to Stoke, containing, by admeasurement, fifteen perchesy in the occupation of the said John Thornton, bounding north on Lower Midway Field, and east on Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation Of the said John Thornton, and south on the said lane also all that piece or parcel of land called Lew Down, containing together by admeasurement, two acresy three roodsy and twenty-nine perchesy in the tenure or occupation cf John Hill, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure of occupation of the said miftrtjs Susanna Croad, east on a meadow called Wood Meadow, in the tenure or occupation Richard Bowhay, ^th on the said lane, and west by Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Thornton; also all that piece or parcel of landy being part of the head lands ^keyham Wood Fields containing, by admeasurement y three roods and twelve perchesy in the tenure or occupation of the said Susanna Croad, bounding north on the said Keyham Wood Fields, and on the east in part on the west angle of Lower Midway Field aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of tie said John Thornton, and on other part on the said lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke aforesaid, on the south on Wood End Field, in the tenure or occupation of John Hill, and west on Keyham Point Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon; and also allthofe pieces or parcels of land fetu ate near the manor pounds minding the manor pound in the parish

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6u

of Stoke Damerell aforesaid, herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to fayj all that piece or parcel of ground being part of Pound Field, or Great Broom Hall, containing, by admeasurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the occupation of Orlando Lockyer, bounding on the north in part on Quarry Park, in the occupation of Philip Richards, and on other part on ball's Garden, in the occupation oj Benjamin Hooper, and on other part on a lane hading from Stoke Village to Stoke Church, on the east on the small remaining part of the Jaidfield, and the west tnd of Little Broom Ball Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the south in part on the north fife of the said Little Broom Ball Field, on other part on the field called Sanctuary, in the tenure or occupation ^/'william Ash, on other part on Horse Park, in the occupation Thomas Merryfield, and west on the said manor pound which Jlands in the said fields and the Tavi flock turnpike road; also all that piece or parcel of land being part of Little Broom Ball Field, containing, by admeasurement, two roods and thirty-three perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, bounding north and west on Great Broom Ball Field aforesaid, on the east on the remaining part of Little Broom Ball Field aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the south by the glebe land called The Sanctuary, in the tenure or occupation of the said William Ash; also all that piece or parcel off land, being glebe land, called The Sanctuary, containing by admeasurement, one acre, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said William Ash, bounding north on Great and Little Broom Ball Fields aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, east and south on the remaining part of The Sanctuary, and west on Horse Park Field in the tenure or occupation of the said Thomas Merryfield; also all that piece or par cel of land, being part of rox(t Park Field, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and four perches in the tenure or occupation of the said Thoma* Merryfield, bounding north an the said turnpike roof, and by the Pound Field, in the occupation of the said Orlando lockycf, east onx the Sanctuary Field aforesaid, south on the re mainingpart of the said Horse Park, and west on round Close, in the tenureor ycdfation ofjof. Fort; pjfo all that small piece or parcel of bandy being part of Pound Close aforesaid, containing, by admpafure/nenty eight perches, bounding north and west on the turnpike road leading from Dock to Tavistock, east on Horse Park Field aforesaid, and fquth on the remaining part of the said Pound Close; and also all those pieces or parcels of land herein afitr men tienedyfituate and being on Stonehouse Hill, in the parish and manor of East Stonehouse, in the said county Devon; that is to say,) all that piece or parcel of land lying on the north side of Stonehouse Hill, being part of Middle Hill Field, containing, by admeasurement y three roods and eight percbesy in the tenure or occupation of shown Warn, bounding on the north on garden ground called Pool Field, east on East Hill Field, and west by the remaining part of the said Middle Hill Field, being aft in the tenure.or occupation of the said Thomas Warn, and the south angle thereof to Stonehouse Hill, in Vol. XXXIII CC the

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6r.

[1781.

the tenure or occupation of mistress Susanna Croad; also all that field called East Hill, lying on the north side of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by admeasurement, three acresf one rood, oni twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Thomas Warn, bounding west on Middle Hill Field, north on Pool Field and Kiln Lane Field, in the tenure or occupation of the faii Thomas Warn, east on the east end of Stonehouse Hill, andfouth on the north side of the said Stonehouse Hill, in the occupation of the said miftrefi Croad; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by admeasurement, five acres and six perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Susanna Croad, bounding north on the south side of East Hill Field, in the occupation of the said Thomas Warn, and the road leading from Mill Bay lime kilns to Stonehouse, east on the east end of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, south on Mill Bay at the bottom of the Rocky Cliss, which is included in the admeasurement, and west on the eastfide of East Hill, and the west end of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid; and also that piece or pariel of land, with its adjoining ti ff or sea bank, being part of Mount Batten Field, in the parish of Plymstock, in the said county of Devon, containing, by admeasurement, sixteen acres, one rood, eighteen perches, and two thirds of a perch, in the tenure or occupation f Christopher Rouse, bounding north on the harbour of Catwater, east on the remaining part of the said field, south on Plymouth Sound, and west on the Channel, at the entrance into Sutton Pool and Catwater; and also all those pieces or parcels of land, being part of the glebe land of the vicarage of Maker, situate on the Heights of Maker, in the parish of Maker, in the said county of Devon; (that is to say,) all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture land called parson's Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one acre and twenty-two perches, in the tenure or occupation of the right honourable George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding north and east on Broad Park, south on other church lands, and west on Parson's Meadow aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; also all that other piece or parcel of meadow land, being part of Parson's Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one acre end three roods, tn the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding on the north on Morgan's Meadow, east on Broad Park and parson's Meadow, south on other church lands, and west on the remaining part of the said parson's Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture ground, containing, by admeasurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valcttort, bounding on the north on the turnpike read leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and on the Church Green, east on the send Church Gtctnand Broad Purk, south on Broad Park tf»</parfon's Meadow, and west on the remaining part of the said morgan's Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of land called Broad Park, containing, by admeasurement, three acres, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; bounding on the northwest on

morgan's

37 3

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c/61.

Morgan's Meadow aforesaid, northeast on other part of the said Broad Park, south andjouth weji on rarfon's Meadow aforesaid

\ all that piece of land called Cross Park, containing, by admea i jurement, six acres, two roods, and nine perches, in the tenure or s occupation of John Boger esquire, bounding north in part on Wood j Park, in the occupation of the said John Boger, on other part on \ George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort and kerley's wood's, bounding the counties if Cornwall and Devon, in the tenure or occupation of William El worthy, east on anderton's Meadow, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount r Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, south on the turnpike road leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and weston Oxen Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Lafkey; also all that piece or parcel of land called Wood Park, containing, by estimatisn, three acres, three roods, and seven perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Boger, bounding north east by Kerley Wood aforesaid, south On Cross Park and Oxen Park, and west on Higher Oxen Park and The Clarick, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Lafkey; and also all those pieces or parcels of landfituate near T or Point, in the parish of Anthony, in the county Cornwall, herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Pleasure House Field, containing, by admeafwrement, three acres, two roods, and twenty-nine perches, in the tenure or occupation of rear admiral Thomas Graves, bounding north on the turnpike road leading from Tor Point into Cornwall, south on Quarry Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Dunrich, and on Rope Walk Field, in the occupation Francis Hill, south wefi on Poppy Meadow, and northwest on the said Pleasure House Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said admiral; also all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture ground, being part of the said Poppy Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and fifteen perches, bounding on the northeast by the said Pleasure House Fiel, southeast on Quarry Park aforesaid, northwest on the remaining part of the said Poppy Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Rope House Field, containing by admeasurement, two acres, one rood, and twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Francis Hill, bounding north on Pleasure House Field aforesaid, south eqft by the remaining part of the said Rope Walk Field, and west by Quarry Park aforesaid; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of New Park, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and thirteen perches in the tenure or occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding on the northeast andfou}b cast on Quarry Park aforesaid, and northwest by New Park aforesaid; also all that piece or parcel of land being part of a park called Quarry Park, containing, by admeasure mentyseventeen acres, one rood, and twelve perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding north on Pleasure House Field aforesaid, northeast on Rope House Field aforesaid, south east by the southeast part of the said Quarry Park and the Beach Field, south yveft by the road leading from Tor Point to Carbealj northwest by the southwest part of the said Quarry Park,

All the messuages, lands, C in the re

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 61. [1781.

by the south eaf and north eaf tingle of Hew Pafk aforesaid, and by the southeast part of Poppy Meadow aforesaid, and all ways, waters right Si watercoterfes, easements, privileges, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said messuage or tenement, barn, fable, pound, and premists, belonging or in any wise appertaining: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said recited act mentioned to be situate in the cited ad men counties of Devon and Cornwall, and vested in the said sir tioned, and Fletcher Norton, and the other persons therein named, and their heirs, for the purposes in the said act mentioned, and not here ton^&c*and* n before particularly set forth and described, shall be, and the noun this act same are hereby diverted out of the said sir Fletcher Norton, and particularly the said other persons, and their heirs; and the same, and every fh ^nrbtct eft Part anc parcei hereof, shall be, and are hereby revelled in the ccjaout of the several and respective persons in whom the same were veiled it the time of the passing of the said act, their several and respective heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, in such and the same manner as if the said act had not been made; the said act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments herein before particularly mentioned and described, and every part and parcel

continue vest thereof, with their and every of their rights, members, and aped in the said purtenances, being part of the lands described, or meant to be described, by the said recited act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued vested in the said sir Fletcher Norton, and the said several other persons, and their heirs, to and for the ends, intents, and purposes in the said recited act mentioned and expressed; any error, deficiency, or inaccuracy of description in the said recited act, or this act, not with (landing.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be at any time hereafter agreed between any person or persons authorised by, and on the behalf of, his Majesty, and the right honourable George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, that a lease or grant shall be made and executed by

said sir Fletcher Norton, chut

all those Particularly described in this act shall

sir Fletcher Norton, C

If lord Edge cumbe shall grant such a lease of his lands, C in the manor of

George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, unto the said sir Fletcher Norton, and the several other trustees in the said former act named, or to such other person or persons as shall be nominated and agreed on in that behalf, their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, for the purposes aforesaid, of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein before particularly described, situate within the manor of Stortehouse otherwise East Stonehouse aforesaid, whereof he is owner or pioprie for, for so long a term, and under as low a relit and fine, and as few and reasonable conditions, restrictions; and exceptions,

' and

he is enabled to do by an act of 10 Geo. j, to sir Fletcher Norton, or any persons author! fed by his Majesty, for the purples aforesaid,

i7frj Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. Si. $75

and with such perpetual right of renewal, and all such other powers, liberties, and advantages, as the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletori is enabled to demise or grant the same, under or by virtue of the powers or authorities of a certain ad, made and pitied in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable the right honourable George lord Edgecumbe, to grant building Icases of lands, tenement and hereditaments, within the manor of Stonehouse otherwise East Stonehouse in the county of Devon, or such other relit, fine, conditions, restrictions, exceptions, rights, powers, liberties, or advantages, as can or may be agreed on, and the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort shall make and execute such leiafe or grant accordingly; then and in such case, and im then the said mediately thenceforth, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, land. in fvich lease or grant comprised, and the see fiirtple and inheri bedweft. tance thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly di fa, afir° 1 C veiled out of the said sir Fletcher Norton and the said other per fktchernor (bns, and their heir, freed and discharged from the ends and tonne, C and purposes of the said former act; and the same, and every part j jc£jfted.m and parcel thereof, shall be, and are hereby revelled in the said j.°rmbc George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, and the several other persons in whom the same were veiled at and immediately before the passing of the said former act, and his add their respective heirs for futh estate or estates, in such and the same plight, condition and manner, as the same were then To vested in them respectively, and (hold or would, at the time of the delivery of the aforesaid lease or grant, have been veiled, in case the said former all had not been made; anything the rein, or in this present act, contained to the contrary not with standing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pow Allthepowers

ers, provisions, regulations, and clauses, in the said recited all and regular contained, as relate to the messuages, lands, tenements, add j? ac hereditaments, therein mentioned to be situatein the counties of 5dating#to th Devon and Cornwall, shall be and continue in full force and effect, lands, and shall extend to, and shall be executed and performed with therein men, regard to all and every the said messuages, lands, tenements, and t, one ihau hereditaments, herein before mentioned and described, as fully -

and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re enacted defenbed in in this present all; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for. this all

the said of named in the said letters patent, or any five or more of them, notwithstanding any former adjournment, to meet as (bon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, for the speedy execution of the said recited all and this id, and shall and may adjourn themselves to such time and place as they shall think proper.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the commission said rotited ad or this act contained shall empower the said ers'to adjourn of to adjourn for any longer time than from day to j.rom today, Sundays excepted, tih the value of the lands so to be pur ajr* chased shall be ascertained; and that, in case a proper number

C C 3 of

unnecessarily delayed.

a view of the premises, CI

37 6 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6f.

[1781.

of of shall not attend at any meeting for the purpose of carrying the said recited act and this art into execution, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the of or commissioner then present, and they and he are and is hereby authorised and required to adjourn such meeting.

Proceedings

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all cases

of commimo where it shall be found necessary that the value of any tneffu aes lank tenements, and hereditaments, and the interest of every person therein respectively, (hold be settled and ascertained by a jury, no obstruction or delay shall be given to the proceedings of th said of or jury, at any meeting where such jury shall attend for such purpose, on account of a previous view not having been taken of the said messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, by the said Jurors to take jury, or a proper number of such jury; but it shall and may be C lawful to and for the of then present, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, either for their own satisfaction, or that of any of the parties interested, to cause the jurors, or so many of them as the of shall think requisite, immediately to repair to the particular message, or particular of land, tenement, or hereditament, the value whereof shall be then under their consideration, in order to view the same; and such jurors shall, and they are hereby accordingly required immediately to take such view before any verdict, as to the true and real value of such message, land, tenemeift, or hereditament, shall be given in by such jury.

VII. And whereas, in consequence of the said recited off and of the ers to allow to appointment of of for carrying the same into execution, the proprie the proprietors and occupiers of the lands, tenements, and heredita cder^of the* revejled, were put to expense in procuring proper fur revetted lands, vep* plans, and valuations, of the said lands, tenements, and heredi call ex. tamentsf to be taken and made, and for the attendance of counftl,

pcnc*he? agents, and witnesses before the said of, to make out the

unto to am*fever*l claims, and ascertain the value of the respective inter efts of the sequenceoftbe different claimants', and also in preparing to quit the said lands, treated art. nements, and hereditaments, in order that the possession thereof might be delivered to the principal officers of his Majesty's ordinance, or r gineersy or other officers ailing under their authority, when they the said proprietors and occupiers [hold he thereunto required, for ab which expense and damages no provision is made by the fata recited ail; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of, already appointed under and by virtue of the said recited act, or to be appointed under and by virtue of this present art, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to inquire into, ascertain, assess, and allow to the proprietors and occupiers of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so revetted as aforesaid, such costs, damage?, and expenses, as they have futtained, or been putun* to by reason or means of the several matters aforesaid.

Commission -

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. ca. 577

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the said of Proviso relat shall not be hereby authorised to allow anything for the attend ^nce for" ance of counsel, unless they shall be of opinion that the parti a^ndanc* of cular case required such attendance, which opinion they shall counsel certify in their decree; and that they shall not be authorised in, any case to allow for more than one counsel, nor more to any counsel than they shall judge to be a sufficient compensation to such counsel for the time he actually attended, although he may have been employed by different clients; in which case the sum so adjudged shall be allowed in equal shares to each of the clients who may have employed him.

CAP. LXII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Thirds (entitled An act for the lessening the duty upon tin and pewter exported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drugs),

7b far as the same 'relates to the importation of drugs from the Russian dominions 5 and also an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further improvement of his majesty's revenue of custpms, and for the encouragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his majesty's dominions), to permit the importation of or chillia weedy and Cobalt, during the present hostilities, from any place whatsoever, in British, irish, or neutral hips; and to per mit sugarsy the growth of Demerary and Effequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like restrictions, as sugars of toe British islands in tbs West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third intitu leiy An act for the lessening the duty upon tin and pewter ex rccjta| & n ported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon aft t and9drugs; after reciting that, whereas by an act, made in the twelfth Gul. j, C 34* year of tie late King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was providedy That all drugs imported directly from though place of their growth in Englifti built shipping, be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, ami no more \ it was amongst otler things tnaftedy That the subsidy to be rectivedy for all drugs imported directly from the plactof their growth in Englifti built shipping, shall be according to the full value on the respective species enumerated in the book of rates and not according to the hid abatement 5 and for all drugs otherwise imported treble such full value: And whereas doubts have ariftn whether drugsy tie growth of Russia, imported from certain ports in Russia, which were not subject to, and under though dominion of the Russian empire at though time of passing the said recited

37.8

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6a.

[1781.

id aft, an be now imported from such ports upon payment of the fwgle duty; for obviating which doubts, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

After J "lj 20» That from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand thepmossk even ^un^rcc^ and eighty one, all drugs of the growth, proof Russia, im duction, or manufacture, of any part of the dominions of Rufi ported from fta, which shall be laden and shipped at any port or place subjoft thence m Brito and within the said Russian dominions, and imported from pina Aall be thence in British built (nipping into this kingdom, shall be deemed to be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the place of their imported from growth, production, or manufacture, and shall be liable to and the place of pay duties accordingly; anything in the said recited act or any their growth, other actor alsof parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the third year Recital of j of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further Geo. 3. C at. improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures; and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That It

shall and may be lawful, to and for the commissioners of his Majestf} customs to cause dll Ships, vessels, and boatand all goods, of what kind soever they may be, (excepting only such vessels, boats, and goodly as are by law liable to be burnt), which shall befeizcdby any officer; of the customs for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, cr for, ar?y other cause of forfeiture, and condemned according tp law to be sold publicly to the best bidder, at suck places as the said of jhgjl think proper; and all and every officer who shall seize fucftgoods, shall, for his and their encouragementrbe allowed by the said of one moiety of the neat produce arising by the fife cf filth seizure, after the deducing the charges of condemnation and file Jrom lhe, whole; and the said commissimen shall cause the other 7 moiety thereof to be paid into the receipt of his Majestf s exchequer f. in lieu of his Majestf s Share thereof, (excepting in thofecafes ittbich' are otherwise provided for by the said act): And whereas it is bj the said act provided and further enabled, That if the produce of any particular seizure, sold in pur finance of the said act, shall net be fit: fdent.to answer the expeucts of condemnation and foie, or if, upon the trial. of any seizure, a verdict shall be given for the claimant, and the shipjr goods shall not he condemned, in either of thefecases, it shall and may be lawful for the comrmjfmers of his Majestf s tuft cm s to order the charges attending the jeisung and prosecuting fiuh ship or goods, to be paid out of any branch of the tevenue of the customs which is by law applicable to the payment of incidents: And whereas it is not reasonable that such part of the publick revenue, which is bylaw applicable to the payment of incidents, Should be burr thetnd with the expencts of prosecuting fiutb. seizures, hut on the contrary that fiuch charges and exp anus, and other law charges, and expends of management, where it may be judged necessary by thewn missioner of his Majestf s customs, Should be defrayed out of the produce

i, ti, r an&q vigfcsimo priroo Georgii III. c. 62. 379

arifiirghy the side offckaures which are condemned be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any ship, uow the vefw, boat, or goods, shall be seized by any omceror officers charges of of his. majesty's customs, which are by law liable on condem fei^re, con nation to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or where the produce ^fh^se arising by the falc of any particular seizure shall not be suffici defrayed of ei)t to answer threepences of seizing, prosecuting, or condemn vessels coning the same 5 or if upon any trial a verdict shall be given for demned to be the claimant, or the ship, vessel, boat, or goods, so seized, shall burnt not be condemned; in either of those cases, it. fi\a}land may be lawful for th of of his majesty's customs, if they think proper, to order the charges arising by thu condemnation and falc, and hythe seizure and prosecution of such ships, vessels, and boats, or goods, whether they shall be condemned or not, and all manner of law bills and other charges of ma

Mgement, to be paid out of his majesty's share of the produce arifinz by the^ftfe of any goods which have been, or may be seized and condemned, in like manlier as may now. be done out of any other bunch of the revenue of the custoaos, which is bylaw applicable to the payment of incidents Anything in the said recited ab, qr any other act or acts of: parliament, or any customor usage, to the cpngrary notwithstanding.

III. And whtreasoxch\\\)ia^wemisve^ awdriecessary in Orchillia weed the tfying manufactureii an&byreafin of tbrpresent hoftuities it can and Cobalt not it notv imported 'into this kingdom: direffly front the place of its e im growth, in ships navigated according to: the laws now in force, withe parent"*cut peat hazard and expense to the: importers thereof: And whereas hoftuitiei, in Cobalt is very imessary in medicine and various manufactures, and British or Irish it is expedients at this time to encourage the importation thereof into vessel»°*" this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority without my?* aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth day of July, one ing any duty, thousand seven hundred and eighty*one, and during the present

hostilities with Franco, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either oftfcem, it shall and<mayfbe lawful for any person or persons to import into any part of Great Britain any Orchillia weed and cmtr from any port or place whatsoqyer, in any Brittfbor Irish (hvp or vessel navigated according to law, or in any foreign ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign Teamen, without paying any: coftom or duty whatsoever for the same, so as a due entry be Bxft made thereof at the customhouse belonging to the port into which such Orchillia weed and Cobalt shall be imported, in the same manner and form as was used and pvaftifed before the making of this act, and so as the same shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed, for that purpose, otherwise such orcbtlba weed and Cobalt shall be liable to the same duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as if this act bad not been made; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the sixth year Recital of of the reign oft hit prefmt Majesty intitnu4$ Ana for repealing Gco> 3» C 5*»

ccr

380 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6a.

[1787.

certain duties, in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain east-india goods exported from Great Britain \ and for granting other duties indead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America; it is, amongst other things enabled, That all sugars, which shall be imported into Great Britain from any part of the British colonies or plantations on the continent of America, shall be deemed and taken to be French sugars: And whereas the colonies of Demerary and eftequibo, on the continent if America, formerly under the dominion of the Jlates general of the United Provinces, have lately furrenaered to his Majesty's arms, and being now in his possession, it is reasonable and expedient, for the encouragement of the sugar planters in those colonies, that sugars of the growth and produce thereof Should be deemed British sugars $ it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourteenth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all sugar, the growth and produce of the said colonies or Demerary and Effequibo, shall be deemed and taken to be British sugars, and shall and may be exported from thence, and imported into this kingdom, upon payment of the same duties, and upon exportation entitled to the lame drawback, as sugars the growth and produce of any British island in the West Indies; and shall in all respects be subject and liable to the same securities, certificates, rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as sugars the growth and produce of the - British islands in the West Indies are subject and liable to by law;

fcny thing in the said recited act, or any other act or acts, to the ft contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Naval officer, authority aforesaid, That until there shall be officers of his Zee. empower majesty's customs appointed for that purpose in the Oud coked to take fe nies of Demerary and effequibo, it shall and may be lawful for sest nava °cer> or any other officer appointed by the com cates, for such tnander in chief of his majesty's forces in America, or the com sugar, until manding officer of the troops at those colonies respectively, to

proper officers take such securities, and to grant such certificates and dear shall be ap.m# ances* as by any law in force may be required for such sugar, pointed. which shall be as valid and effectual, to au intents and purposes,

as those taken and granted in the like cases by his majesty's governors or the officers of his majesty's customs in America.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Sugars may be authority aforesaid, That if any such sugars shall be imported imported from into Great Britain from Demerary or effequibo, or from any bri ^c^without a colony or plantation in America, without the certificate here certificate, in before directed, and it shall be made appear, to the satisfoc* provided no tien of the commissioners of his majesty's customs at London jliwas " or Edinburgh respectively, that such sugars are really and truly svment^f produce of Demerary or Ejfequibo, and that no fraud was in the usual du tended, it shall and may be lawful for the find respective com net

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 381

missioners to permit the said sugars to be entered, upon payment of the like duties as sugars of the growth and produce of the British islands in the West Indies are subject and liable to by law,

CAP. LXIII.

An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which acts of insolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the present condition of the gaols in this kingdom, that some of the prisoners who are now confined therein Should be set at liberty; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and

[Alphabetical lists to made out of prisoners in custody for debt on Jan. 1. 1781.]

after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons who, upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, was or were, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, turn or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise;

[with the time when charged, and at whose suit.]

and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained;

[Lists to be delivered to the quarter sessions.]

and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter session or general session of the peace to be held after the passing of this act, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively.

[Gaolers within London, &c., whose prisons were burnt or broken open between June 2 and 8 1780, and the prisoners set at large, are to make out and deliver like lists of prisoners who were then in their custody; ]

II. And be it further enacted, That every gaoler or keeper of any prison, within the city of London, and counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose prison was burnt, destroyed, or broken open, between the second and the eighth days of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by diverse evil minded and disorderly persons, and from whence the prisoners then confined therein were set at large, is and are hereby required to make out a like true, exact, and perfect list of all and every the prisoner and prisoners who were so set at large, and who was or were in the custody of any gaoler or keeper of such prison, upon any process whatsoever for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise; and, an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with

382 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [1781.

the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners was or were detained;

[distinguishing those who surrendered themselves, &c. befo Sep. 1, 1780.]

distinguishing which of the said prisoner surrendered or offered to surrender themselves, on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the gaoler or keeper of any prison from whence such person or persons was or were set at large as aforesaid; and shall deliver the same with the said list so directed to be made out and delivered as aforesaid.

[Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an oath on delivering in lists.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his majesty's prison of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open court of such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say),

[The oath.]

I AB. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, is fokmnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person or persons, whose name or names is or are inserted in the first part if the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, marked With the letter (B), was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, rtallf and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of

[insert the name of the prison], and ms or were set at large when the said prison was burnt down, destroyed, or broke open between the second and eighth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that such of tit said persons, whose names are infer ted or contained in the second port of the said list, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid surrendered, or tendered themselves to surrender, on or before tbs frji day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the re speftioe times therein mentioned; and that none of such persons fi fur rendered, or tendered, to my knowledge, or with my privity, volon tartly, or with defegn, or in expiation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves, or were committed to the said prison, or get their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison.

All other

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or gaolers, on prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or t^ihifts*toibcrty, all severally, on the delivering in of any such list retake the fbl spectively, take an oath in the open court of the general quart lowing er session, or general session of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say).

Oath, I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the faf*part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were,

to the best of my knowledge and belief upon the first day of January

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63;

one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, really and truly prisoners) in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of

at the suit or suits of the several persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said list now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of

[if any such prisoner or prisoners hath or have, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison], at the suit or suits of the severed person or persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died been discharged or removed to same other prison by process of laew, or to have efcoped out of such prison9 without my privity, knowledge, or consent9 since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and that all and every of them whose name and names is and are contained in the first part of the said list (except as before excepted)9to the best of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in actual custody in the Paid gaol or prison of

ever since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and that the said list is a true, exact, persect, and just tfi of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners, in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of

on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and who since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, have been really and truly commit tedy or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of,

(except as before excepted to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design9 or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debt Or s9surrendered or been committed to the said prison of

or got his, ber or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison9 or, fence their commitment, have to my knowledge, or with my privity reftded out of the said prison of [if any have

so done, then add, except, ihferting their names.]

And every gaoler or keeper of any prison, within the city of London, and counties of Middlesex and surrey9 whose prifops were burpt down, destroyed, or broke open, as aforesaid, except the said marshal and warden, shall also, at the time when he delivers such list, as herein before directed, of the prisoners then set at large, take his corporal oath to the effect following, (that is to say),

Gaolers In London, C whose prisonnes were burnt or broke open (except, Sccy) rna 1, on delivering their lilts, take the following

I A.B.

3*4

Oath.

Oaths to be administered by the justices in court

and entered and subscribed at the bottom of the lists.

Lists to be kept by the clerk of the peace.

Three copies of lists to be fixed up in each prison

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [1781.

I A.B. upon my corporal oath in the presence of Almighty God, k solemnly five dr, profess, and declare, That all and every persons and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted and contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, markei with the letter (B was and were, to the best of my knowledge ani belief really and truly prisoners in actual custody in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison j, who was sr

were set at large when the said prison was burnt down destroyed* cr broke open, between the second and eighth days of June, one thouseni seven hundred and eighty, at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein r effectively mentioned 5 and also that such of the Jaii person sy whose names are infer ted or contained in the second part of the said list now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, did surrender or offer to surrender, before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty at the respective times therein mentioned; and that none of such persons so Jut rendered or offtrti to be surrendered, to my knowledge or with my privity voluntarily, or with design or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves or were committed to the said prison or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison.

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or second general quarter session or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: And the words of the said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden and marftial respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them respectively, jgmd shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in o^en court: And every such list which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by aoy creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first or second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall be held, after the passing of this act, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up in some conspicuous place or places, in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists propped or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the said general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, whose debts respectively shall not amount, in the whole, to a greater sum than five hundred pounds, and whose name or persons insert names shall be inserted in any such list to be delivered in as afore ed in the lists, said, who were set at large, by and upon the burning, destroy who wen fct ing, or breaking open of the prisons aforesaid, and who surrendered,

or did surrender, before the first day of September, one thou who surrend (and, seven hundred and eighty; and all and every person and ered before persons, whose name or names shall be inserted in any such list, scp«1 to be delivered in as aforesaid, who on the first day of January, C in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody, and surrendered, or offered to surrender himself, herself, or themselves, as aforesaid, who, upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any.

gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and all perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by and conform him or her by this act, shall be forever released and discharged ing to this act, and exonerated, in such manner as hereafter is provided. shall be dif

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law charged, fol for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, up justices, on on the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice petition of or justices of the peace within his or their respective jurisdic any pri^n?r» tiens, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and a sched at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the ju ule of his dice or justices of the peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true estate,

copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or ^eri.ffs'ja°ler or gaolers, or keeper of any such prison within mayuruethek the junldidion of any such justice or justices, to bring before warrant for the justices at the first or second next general quarter session or bringing bins

fcneral session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be to the quarur eld, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of feflto0*! ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body

o of

3*6

with the warrant of his detainer. See.

Schedule of the prisoner's estatetobe transmitted to the clerk of the peace,

for inspection of creditors.

An y justice, omitting for ten days to transmit a copy of the schedule to the clerk of the peace, C Sail forfeit tol.

All perfom set at large as aforesaid, who would take the benefit of this must deliver to the clerk of the peace, C be nefore publication of the first notice, a schedule of tbtir'fcftate*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6j.

[1781.

of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his pr her detainer together with a copy or copies of the caiife of callfes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which copy or copies of c^use or causestuch 'prifotler shall apply to the said gaoler of keeper of such prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall mate out and transcribe the same, at lead six days before the time of his or her discharge; and such prisoner shall pay for the fause the sum of two millings and no more, for making but, transferibing, and signing the same; which warrant of every such justice Or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every schedule, which shall be left with any such justice or justices, Bull, within ten days after the same mall be so left, be transmitted, by the justice or justices with whom the same shall be so left, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, tiding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have beento left, there to remain and be inspected, from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to inspect the lame.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such justice or justices who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to transmit the copy of the schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall nave been so left, fell, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ by atfion of debt, together with costs of Am, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same; and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in fthich the offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and person who were set at large, and surrendered or tendered them (elves to be surrendered, as aforesaid, and who shall be desirous of taking the benefit of this act, shall, before the publication of the first notice herein after required, deliver to the clerk of the peace, or person acting as clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or person acting as town clerk, for the county or city in which the prison is situated from whence such person or persons was or were set at large, or to which he of the was surrendered or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid, a true copy of he schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first qr second general quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjourntijent thereof.

X. And be it Further efiai&ed, That all and every debtor and debtors,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 387

debtor, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exone Debtor in rited under this act as aforesaid, shall first cause public notice ^oi^rthwr to be inserted in three several London Gazettes previous to such discharge, are general quarter session or general session, or the adjournment to give previ thereof, at which such application shall be made, if such debtor ous notice or debtors be confined in, or were set at large from, or surrendered or tendered to be surrendered to any gaol in London, or 1

within the weekly bills of mortality; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be foin custody; the name, trade, and occupation, and two last places of contentl^abode, if so many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the the notice, prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, or from whence he, she, or they were set at large, and to which he, she, or they surrendered or tendered to be lurrendetect, as aforesaid, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act9 and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newspaper, to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of pubadrtime'for lifting each of such notices 5 and for the inferring of each of inferring notu which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in any other ces. newspaper, there shall be paid each time, by every such prisoner, twopence, and no more: the first of which said notices shall be When notices so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other newspapers, as to* "erud. the case may require, twenty-one days at least, and the last of the said notices six days at least, before any such first or second general quarter, session or, general feuion, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

XI. And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any Every 9ebtor debtor or debtors, be it further enacted, That every such debt to deliver a or, when he or she shall (according to the directions of this act) schedu'e of his publish the first notice of an intention to take the benefit of cfta*c to th this act, he or she shall, in such notice, declare that the sched Ure the ule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and same in hi personal estate, (to be sworn to in manner as by this act direct first notice, te. d), is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined, or from whence be or (he was set at large, and to which he or she was surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid; and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or depnaty, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and On negfed surname, to be attested by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; thereof, to be

388 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [1781.

remanded and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such packtopnfon. schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to such hisfirst notice, to be given.as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such neglect, to the satisfaction of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall, if a orifoner, be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the directions aforesaid; and, if not a prisoner, he or she lose and forfeit the benefit of this act: And every such signaturetohit gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required toat fdiedule, and test the signature of the debtor's name to such schedule, and to give him ado receive the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate plicate there thereof to every such debtor, with an acknowledgement of his and atfo to having received the original, and he is hereby further required give a copy to to deliver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself, any creditor upon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in whorequesta writing; such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to n' such personas he shall appoint to receive the same, within three

days after demand made, on payment for each schedule after the rate of sixpence per sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for any less number of words and in case such creditor shall only search or examine such schedule.

such creditors shall pay for every such jsearch and examina gaoler, C tien, the sum of one shilling: And if any such gaoler, keeper, on rtegleft, to or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the directions forfeit aol. hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such gaoler, keeper or deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to any person who shall sue for and recover the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt

XII. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effedk following*videlicet,

Form of debt T [insert the name, trade, occu

orsnjtice. pation, and two last places or abode, if so many] new cm

fined in, or set at large from, and surrendered, or tendered to be for rendered to, (as the case may be, J [insert the name of the prison and county,] and being not indebted in the whole too greater amount than to the sum of five hundred pounds do hereby give this public notice, being [insert the first, second or

third, as the case may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit tf an act passed in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled An act for the relief or insolvent debtors, and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases); [and if it be

the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that 0 true and perfect schedule, containing a distovery of all my real andperson* al estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same, in manner aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper or his deputy, of the said prison.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. $2$

And every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and court Notice to be terfigfted by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such gaoler or f^rb^'he keeper, of such prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as aforesaid, not being indebted in the whole to a gfeafer amount than to the Aim of five hundred pounds, who shall apply to court, g, d the general quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, shall, in publication of case it shall be proved upon oath, or by producing the said three "otices P* Gazettes and newspapers before mentioned to the said justices, ed' "cat any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers where' required, in manner as herein before is directed; and that th person or persons so applying was or were, between the twenty-eighth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, set at large from, and before the first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, surrendered or offered to surrender, or whs or were actually a prisoner or prisoners, on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

one, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list delivered in at any such first or second session, or any adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court, at the said general quarter session or general session, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or schedulie of hi* her real estate, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or ex estate, debt, pedancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate, fcc. which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her posies fion, at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with, and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contrail, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contrails, (if there be any such), and shall also make oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to say),

Id. B. upon yny corporal oath, in the pretence of Almighty God, Debtor's oath do filemnly swear, protest, and declare that on the first day of delivering

January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, was really JJ},1* fthe "*

tmd truly a prisoner in toe actual custody of in'

the prison or gaol of otthefuitof

Without any fraud or colhtfion whatfsever, or (as the case may be), that I was, without any fraud or eollu fion what [sever, really and truly a prisoner in the gaol or.prison of at the fust of

at the time that the said gaol or prison was burnt down, destroyed, pr broke open, and that afterwards, and before the first day of September in that yoar, [ surrendered pr wassurrendered, or offered to -

i Pda

39°

Schedule and oath to be subscribed in

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [1781.

render, or was offered te it surrendered, ta the keeper the aid prison a prifener; and that I was and in the custody of an officer, before the said frft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, tn the or actions tr

hits, in which fur rendered, tr was emmitted as aforesaid, to the said gaol tr prison of and that / boxn,

ever finet my said fitrrender tr commitment, continued a priftner within the prison of in the actual ef

the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of tr

within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and

without any fraud or tolmfith whatsoever, or, (as the case shall be)

that J was set at large when the gaol tr prison of was burnt down, defrayed, tr broke open, between the second and tie eighth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and afterwards, and before the first day of September, in that year, far rendered, tr offered to surrender, to the keeper or gaoler of the friftn, (as the case shall be), and that the schtdule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the beji of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfect account and difctvery if all the goods, effefls, and estates, either in

fion, reversion, remainder, or expectan which I, or any person in

trust for me, tr for my benefit or advantage, are seized or ptffejfed ef, interested in, or infilled to, or was or were in my possessm at any time since my commitment to prison; of all debts as are tome owing, or to any person or persons in true for me; and of all the ritics and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereof ter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, tr to my use, or to any person or persons in for me; and the names end

plates of abode of the several persons from whom such debts ate doe and owing, and of the vntnesses that can prove such debts or controls,

[if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other person tr persons in trust for me, or for my use, have any lands, or any estate, real and personal, in poftffion, reversion, or remainder, or expeffatcy, other than what are in the said fthedule contained, except

wearing apparel, and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding forty and theft in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds; and that I have not, I nor anybody for me hath, dtrcoly or sold, lessened, tr

otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any port ef my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contrails, or estate real or personal, whereby to feture the same, or to receive rt expttl any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud tr deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or west indebted in any wise howsoever: And that I am indebted in the whole to

greater amount than to the sum of five hundred pounds.

So help me

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such debtor, subscribed in the presence of the justicesjn open session of the

peace,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 391

peace, as hereby is directed; shall be kept by, and remain the court, and with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adfing [^e^erltfor as clerk of the peace for the county, city, liberty, division, town, the exam, na or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the tien of credit better information of all the creditors of such debtor, who shall on. desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times, in the daytime, to peruse and examine the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the justices, within Court, at the their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter session, request of a or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor, may creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby authorised to exam, n cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and King's on°oath. Bench prison, and any other under officer, ripftass, and turnkey,

of any gaol or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively, on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this adfc to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which oath shall have been taken in open court, by any debtor or debtors, proved, "she shall not be disapproved by good testimony of any credible per «>urt it to dif son or persons, on oath, and such justices, or the major part of charge him, them, present at any such general quarter session, or general session, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective debtor, then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this act; and if such debtor or debtors shall be a prisoner or prisoners, shall command the said sheriff, or ts gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling foron paying his or their attendance with every such prisoner at such general a see of 1 /. quarter session, or general session, or any adjournment thereof, to the Gaoler) in order for his, heir, or their discharge, (and which every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such order): And every such order shall be a fuf wj, 0 be ficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or for the escap^. them against any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Estate andes. That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such debt fell of the or, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and co prisoner, upon py as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, and n dischiige, effects, of every such debtor, shall, immediately after such ad c|erk of m judication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the the peace, peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace

of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty,

or place, where any such debtor shall be respectively dif whoistomake

charged $ and every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or

D d 3 other to theassign*c*

m

flamed by the court j

for which he shall be paid

Assignee im

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. f 178

other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and Required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effects, verted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor, as theju ftices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper damped); and to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing of which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peacey town clerk, or other officer aflingas clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two Shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such debtor, in respect or in proportion to their respective debts; and every per

povfcredtosue, son or persons to whom any such assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impoweyed to sue, from time to time, as three may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to execute any trust uuft^fwwer 6r Power vested in, or created for thp use or benefit of any such for the prison debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themselves, and the er, fest of the creditors of every such debtor; and to give difipharge

and discharges to any debtor or debtors of any such personas shall be requisite: And every such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient speed, after his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use his and their best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor; and shall with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such debtor, vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such debtor shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in possessipn, reyeifiort, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two months after every such assignment and conveyance, shall be sold by public auction, in such manner, and 5t such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall afleipble together on gny notice in writing pub jished in the London Gazette, or in fomp daily paper, if the debtor before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then iq some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, dry, town, liberty, or placp, in which such debtor dwelled before fie or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree with pvery fych assignee or assignees^end of three

Assignee to get in the effects of the debtor, and fell the same;

and to sell within two months, the debtor real tjute, C

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63;

months at farthest, from the time of his or their accepting any in three such assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a justm0llt^il and fair dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees first making shall make up an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath up their ac in writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of count, and the county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which uwln oath any such debtor shall have been discharged, that every such ac^contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly, and bona fide, 5° day notice made and paid; and notice of the making of every such divi dend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of the ere dend'*8'*ditors is herein before directed to be published, thirty days at andnone to lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be al receive any lowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have share until made out the justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, tllcy have or due proof in writing before some such justice or justices: thclf if any creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with the reality

or fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the to be exansn same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so diflatis ed into and fied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, rid determin€d.by ing, division, city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor shall the court have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general quarter session, and what they shall there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to all parties:

And if, after payment of all such debtor's creditprs, there shall Surplus of the any of his estate and effects remain after payment of all reason debtor's estate able charges, the same shall be paid to such debtor, his executors J* P "d to or administrators.

XVI. Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omission in the schedule not containing the whole of the efiatty real or personaly belonging to any debtor who shall apply for his or her dischargey under the authority of this act; be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal. Creditors not which shall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, to suffer from (he, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such any omiqon schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and cate

in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as such, to all intents and pur

Eoses, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and ad been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person '

holding any security whatsoever, for which the insolventplw "* never received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive any benefit from his estate.

394 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C.

[1781.

On death or

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of removal of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, Of any clerk of other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom dehfo^estates le e^ate> right, title, interest, or trust, of any debtor or debt to become ors, shall have vested by the authority of this act; every such vested in their estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successors. successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

Kofuitin

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit equity to be in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignecs of commenced any such debtor's estate and effects, without the consent of the ftnt oif ma'o* major Part n va^uc °* le editors of such debtor, who shall rity in vsueof mcct together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London creditors. gazettaor that purpose.

Clerk of the

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace to exhi That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting bit to the ere as c]erk of the peace, of every respective county, city, and attorney, on county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, payment of is. and place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any infol the schedule vent debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerk of of any pnfon the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the er s e tate peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and shew, to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office; the person so requiring to see and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the Attestedcopy same: and that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the whereof <0 be clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk deemed legal of the peace, in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, eyi ence. purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, (each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for a less number of words,) hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal Clerk of the evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or his de peace refuting puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, to produce shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their copy thereof, attorney any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same Ice. 1 to be inspected as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such payment

of

295

1781.5 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C

or tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for Jess than seventy two words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which shall and shall forfeit may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of 10l. and tre* record at fvejiminister, by action of debt, together with treble Wc costa 5 costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when northeast moiety to recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the Pand the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the ofr other to the fence shall be committed. poor of the

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such pwifli. time as any afegnee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or Assignees of take any profit from, any copyhold or 9liftomary estate, ascopyholdor aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or efu^tat lords of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be hold compound en, for the payment of such fine or income as, upon any fur with the lord render and admission thereto, hath heretofore been moftusually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement gfi

or composition, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the thereupon, next court, or some subsequent court, which shall be held for the said manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor at manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the benefit of this act, as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex The debtor's tend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said debt terest. See. or, which may be expedant upon, or subject unto, the estate or

interest of the said debtor, hereby vested in the said clerk of the y peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority All mort

aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be confined gauges, ct Jo hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate uk P of such debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place up n

on the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such inferior na mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute tuie. fiaple, Statute roereliant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such debtor or debtors, to

take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the he riff or proper officer, upon any such judgement before such discharge shall be"given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, statute, recognisance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgages and creditors, by Statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively, if this act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Power in

XXIV. And whereas many persons who may be entitled to, ani

k^i?r>)ands €^m benefit of this act, are seized and possessed of lands, tente. vffted in ment5* an hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their fdfignces* natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving

small rents on such efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in pojjtf fion or reversion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives, which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such debtors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leasing such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any such debtor or debtors, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such debtor by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such debtors as aforesaid.

The idling

XXV. And whereas in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the time of deli*°ffice f &ao^r or deeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by per wring the sins who never aft as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know anything

lists only of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons

Hehle to be under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, That, in every such case, the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering in the lists, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or Tome adjournment thereof, and not the principal goaj jer or keeper, (unless where such principal goaler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

Court on re

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That creditor, to*juces> at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or ad administeran journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in oath to the pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or credi gaoler. tors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who

97

tjiuj Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6 %

who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to thd following effect; is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That^Was really and truly a T.

prisoner in my cujloiy, in the prison of to thet C 0.

btjl of my knowledge and belief at or upon the first day of January, one thousand sevenbundred and eighty one; and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her'] commitment on detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced

(o this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputy gaoler if such person or keeper of any such gaol or prison, on the said first day of shall not hay January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or since, been gaoler shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the time any such list as fiuii'take the ttforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the justices, following at any such session, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons, who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison, to the effect following; (that is to say, )

1a. B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the pri Oath. sin of in the [county, riding, division, city,

town, place, or liberty of as the case shall be; ] and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose: and by them it doth appear that was, on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or ersons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

CVII And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or com Court at the nts of debtors in any gaol books, be it further enacted by the f

rif V That any nran«rai AI nimvtat* or, waj

XXVII

mu mints oj-

authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any general or quarter futumon though session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby person who authorised, at the sequest of any creditor or creditor of any atted at gaol

*xsti*

and examine him, on oath, C

Sheriff or gaoler, difo crying order of court, to forfeit iool. with treble coil.

398 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [1781.

debtor, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said first day of january, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such debtor, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being fumtnoned for that purpose; 6r if any gaoler or keeper attending shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of salt.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler of keeper of any prison, or his deputy or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the

..._ justices at some general quarter session or general session of the

regulations'of peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdic — tiens, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general quarter session, or general feffioo, or some adjournment thereof, in order to his or her discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly Omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his or their respective gaol or prison, on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; or who was let at large, or who was surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lists as aforesaid; if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neg)ect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account or pretence w hat soever take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her.attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this a directea to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than twopence

ai

Gaoler, or printer of the Gazette, C not complying with the

this act, to forfeit tool, for each offence, with treble costs.

s99

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such goaler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each debtor, in any such, case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds 5 which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of soit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (full be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler, don that if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any vided of per deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the ia, T aforementioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall "

thereof be lawfully convicted, such goaier or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury,; shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the said penalties; to be applied, one Application moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety of the penalty towards satisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the Clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as debtor a clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such copy of hi debtor adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as aforesaid, di&harge, within fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy of the order or taking ert f adjudication, on the payment of two Shillings and sixpence y

or shall take more than the sum of two Shillings and sixpence 10l. to the for such, copy; or shall take more than one shilling for an af prisoner. signment or conveyance of such debtor's estate or effects; such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who shall so offend, and whd shall be convicted at any such general or quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, so offending

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That

Debtor, C convicted of

Person discharged by this act, not liable to imprisonment for debt, C contra died be fort Jan, i, x7si.

But no prisoner to be discharged of debts subsequent thereto.

Justicet, See, ynay plead this act to any action brought against them, and recover treble toft.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. a63. [1781.

That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the benefit of this act, shall forswear and perjure himself, herself, or tfcca* (elyes, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall belli fully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, ftuflk adjudged guilty of felony.

xxxil. And be it further enacted by the authority asordid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this act, shall, at ay time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or cree obtained for payment of money only, or for any desc bond, damages, contempts, cods, sum or sums of money, oak tracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due beforcir said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred at eighty one; but that upon every arrest upon every judgerav or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, cols, sum and Aims of money, it shall and may be lawful for anf; judge of the court where the process issued, or for any twoiam tiecs of the peace, upon shewing the copy of such order afat^ judication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of cumjr* such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the fine time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such suit or suits, topif such prisoner or prisoners the cods he, she, or they shall bine incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such jadgf or iudices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such jodp* is hereby empowered so to do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such aftkm at suit.

XXXIII. And whereas, under former efts of this kind, hbt have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who appbdf any session to be discharged who owed and food charged witbidt^ as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respect'wedfy so remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority ate said, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of tff* debts subsequent to the first day of January, one thousand salt hundred and eighty one and if it shall appear to the jufiaeij* in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or priibom?: then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged: well with debts previous to as subsequent to the first day of % nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, that, inm cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for die justices to charge the person of such prisoner on account of all detofft* vious to the said first day of January, one thousand seven k dred and eighty one, and to remand him or her back to tk custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or LI was brought, for all debts with which he or she (lands ohajd with in his custody, subsequent to the said first day of

pne thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afa said. That if any action of escape, or any ftiit or a&oa, be brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff,

er, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, is ptf* fuance Of this act, they may plead the general issue, and gk

Ibis

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6$. 40t

this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Persons dif laid, That if any Scire Facias, or action of debt, or upon judge char|cd may ment, shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, jj?" et executors, or administrators, upon any judgement obtained an iaions or against any such prisoner, or on any Statute or recognisance ac judgements knowledged by him or her, before the said first day of January, brought one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, ^with respect to

debtors set at large and surrendered, or tendering themselves as h, si, C aforesaid, or in actual custody, on the said first day of January,1

one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, it shall be lawful for any such debtor, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such debtor was set at large, and surrendered or offered to surrender as aforesaid, was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, held ac such time and place, for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is,) without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit &qd in other or action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the said first day their

of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to persons from plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and execution, above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or sum of money fas the case shall happen) was contrasted or due before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eight one, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the Plaintiff may plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters reply general pleaded as aforesaid - reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this act, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his ac butifnon tien, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, ruitedi to pay the defendant to have treble costs. treble cost

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contain Attornies or

ed shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge em

any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons exacting,

or pretending to act as such, with regard to any debt eluded the be with which he or they shall stand charged for any money, or nefit of thit other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the&

use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own use; to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any

402 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

[17(1.

debt or demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effedis, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to hrs, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

Per fom who,

XXXVII. And whereas many evil difpefed per sins, U fippert by false pre their prop gate way of Ufa have, by various jubtlcjlratagemsy threats, tcnc5#» |javc and devices, fraudulently obtained diverse sums of money, goods, warej, merchandizes, bonis, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other fiat c. excluded rities for money, to the great injury of industrious families, and to the the benefit of manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pretences, shall have obtained, from any person or persons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other securites for money, shall hav or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, mall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; aay thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. wh ^f'?hm

XXXVIII. And whereas many debtors, for rents of lands, unfit six years shall aes' houses, or other premisis, have, with a fraudulent intent to difi have fraudu appoint the right of their respective landlords, removed the flock, temly remot cattle, furniture, goods, or other iff efts, which were subject and liakle 'k*/ur' to he difl rained for the satisfaction of the said rents; be it enacted fiablctto be by authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, distrained for in a secret, clandestine, or fraudulent manner, shall have remov fern, shall be ed, or caused to be removed, within six years before the patting thk^6c<*by l*s a any cathe, furniture, goods, or effects, of the value of fifty pounds, or upwards which were subje&aod liable to be distrained by their respective landlords, for or in payment of such relit or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have lott all or some part of the relit or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or uoder this abut, shall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein before mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any person

XXXIX. And whereas many debtors have»with a view to depart

bating sold or their creditors, sold, transferred, conveyed, or assignei, their tfleu afflgned any anj effefls to some person or persons, subsequent to their being in eufloij estateoref saw or tmprifinei under some proofs for debt: and wherm fefts, after be fitch file, transfer, conveyance, or assignumt, has been frequently mode, ing in custody to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honest creditor, though fuffid* j to proof could not be obtained to convifi the party of a fraudulent it

credits, fisn\^LX enacted That whenever it shall be proved, by one shall lose the or more credible witness or witnesses, to the satisjadion of the benefit of this court, to which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to aa. obtaia

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 403

obtain his or her discharge, that such prisoner has sold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned*any person or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, or of his being in custody of law, without just cause for so doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid j every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this at, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assign rtient, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler to per that every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby m t the speak required to fusses, in the daytime, any person or persons, desiring the fa trie, to see and speak, in the lodge, or some conveni whole namva ent room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, are inserted in schofes tiame are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, the lilt, or or London Gazette, or other newspapers, or any of them, Gazcttc# dr any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this act; and also see, in the true and genuine books of the said pri and theexa* Tonne, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner mining origi or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names nal ho°l« ofc of the person or persons at whose suit or suits he, she, or they, entre care or were detained: and if any such gaolet* or keeper shall on Penalty of neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such gaoler oi keeper, who shall so offend in the pre 0 m*mises, shall forfeit artd pay, to the person so refafed and aggrieved, the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs or fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the Courts at lfastminster % wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, of mote than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in (he name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by discharge#f an adjudication by force of this act, no other person or persons debtor no ac who was or were pattrter or partners in trade with any such debtor at the time of such adjudication, or then (food bound, furctnie«. engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such debtor, or engaged in any contract together with any such debtor, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand $ but every such other person and persons shall severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contrails, in like manner as if no such adjudication had been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keep Oaoler maker, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall Jj|£

toake, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or book^ift?11 books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which to forfeit 5001, he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be pre ri trcbl« pared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or cort1, untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any hft, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person

04 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. [ if

or persons who as not set at large, or surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, or in actual custody as aforesaid, (except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted,) every such gaoler or keeper, qr deputed gaoler or keeper, (nail, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay t e sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Debtor recti

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, brine tht&bod']*rt t*lcrcunt0 required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and See. of the' declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or last place of port on at abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is or was

who luit he detained br charged in custody; or, if any prisoner being called detained, fors and defited by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable cause being made appear to the to he excluded contrary; every such debtor, upon proof being made thereof be the benefit of fore the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or thiiaft. any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstandingfc

Justices may

XLIV. And whereas there is but one common or county goal for assemble at or each of the respective counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and near any Durham, which said counties are each of them divided into feve and old*0^ ra rt^n& or divisions, all which have several commissions of the fwfionthere Peace*Qn^ lfttje sao^rs f thofi gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, for discharge prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each riding or divifmy the of prisoners. same will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners, in those large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the respective counties, (or any other county or counties where the prisons are at a distance from the place where the sessions are held,) at the common or county goal thereof respectively, or at some Convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

The justice

XLV. And whereas the division or distrifl of Holland in thefaii jjiouand in county f Lincoln, is disiant near forty miles from the said countj lincolnshire, gaoly and is highly inconvenient and expenfiye for the justices of the may adjourn peace a sling for the said division to be obliged to travel to the faii to the county &aoi9 jcr purpose of dtjehargitig the prisoners under the powers

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

[405

by this act given; be it therefore enacted, That, for the several g^01, See. for purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division or district of discharging Holland may adjourn their original sessions to the county gaol prisoner. or some place near thereunto; and that, it may and shall be law full for any two justices of the peace, acting either for the parts of Lindfty, Kejhvei of Holland, to hold such adjourned sessions for the sole purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original session being given by the clerk of sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate, to, oraffeft the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the divigon of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this act.

XL

VI. And whereas the next general quarter sessions of the peace Justices for for the county of Surrey, which J, hall happen after the parting of this s^rcou^ mast, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of femblet^hv the said prisons \ it therefore enacted by the authority afore townhall of said, That it shall and may be lawful for such justieps as shall be Southwark w assembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be held £crl

for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this act, and oa c'

they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the several gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoneri who That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and payment of eighty one, in any of the gaols in this kingdom, and now re to be

main there for not paying their sees, rents, or other demands discharged. due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison re (pcftively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted This act not by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be to extend to construed to extend, to discharge any person seeking the benefit debtors to of this act, with tefpeft to any debt or penalty with which he cr0wi1, or (he shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or at the suit of any sheriff or other public officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, or jeilher of them.

XLIX. And whereas, under former acts, creditors have been put determinati to great expenses and trouble in attending every session and adjourn onu* iufl!cef mrs, during the wholt continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective to the retvo* Affc, but who after having been before one session heard, and nfufed bon of any discharge 1 to barrafs their creditors, cotfiantly gave fresh notices for debtor; each subseqmnt ftffm and adjournment of their intended application to

E e z

be

4^6

unless the debtor get rid of the objections for which they refused his discharge. Justicet, on proof by two witnesses of objections being removed, C may dist barge such prisoner.

Creditor irt* tending to oppose the discharge of a prisoner, to

five him four ays notice thereof

or pay the ex peaces of his 'application, C

Per Tonnes seized of an estate tail, ciaiming the benefit of this a, are to deliver up the same to Creditors.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [ 178 r,

he discharged\ to remedy which, be it further enacted by that authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the detenni* nation of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes unless the debtor shall, during the continuance of this act, get rid of the objection or objections fof which they refused his discharge; and, that the same may be clear and certain the justicefc are heteby required to state the objections why such debtor's discharge is refused by them; and, in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any subsequent session or adjournment upon application from the prisoner upon dub proof bn oath made to thein, by two or more credible witnesses, (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer)) each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at lead ten days [Previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order futh prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this ast, to adjudge him or her entitled to the benefit of this act, and if a prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he dr (he taking the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act.

L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That When any creditor shall intend to oppose the discharge of any debtor, with whose debt he is or was charged in custody, at the first quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppose such discharge to the prisoner, or to leave such notice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of such prison, in order that such prisoner may be prepared to make his defence; and in case no such notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous to such quarter sessions, or such adjournment thereof, and such creditor shall appear to oppose his or her discharge, and it shall happen that the prisoner is remanded, then such creditor shall pay to such debtor the expenses of his application and attendance, in any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the justices at such sessions shall direct and allow.

LI. And whereas it may happen that several persons, tube may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seized of an eflett tail, in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they have, ty law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or sit renders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pit ment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms ofjbis oft, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai in every such case, such person or persons so leifed as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this a, shall, to all intents and purports whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 407

to he seised of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments la fee: provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, it tie same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furreiider or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwitlw (landing.

LII. And whereas many persons who may take the benefit of this Assignees may a, may be entitled to sundry and great debts and demands, of various app*y fr fui and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of estate?, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other ors, touching encumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent efiates thedifcovtry in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trusts or interests in of their effects j (fates, both real and personal, which may not besufficiently described or discovered in the schedule, or inventory, before diruled to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affijl me to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, or any other person or persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, front time to time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, town, place, or lir berty, where such person or persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further fcxamin ed as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their ef. fate or effects; whereupon such justices shall send for or call bean fore them, such person or persons, by such warrant, summons examine ways, or means, as they shall think (it; and upon such person's them accord appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath ingly*as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person or ersons; if any person or persons (on payment or tender of persons repayment of such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge or intwer^p*fumcient) shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having on oath, may a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, and by be committed them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refiife to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, so veiled, or intended to be veiled, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer act tng as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there tq remain, without bail or main prize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her,

I or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath, to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices, be put to him, her, pr them, for the purposes aforesaid.

408 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [ 178 ro

percent.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ allowed for That all and every such person ajid persons, who shall, within discovering, twelve months aftef the discharge of such debtor or debtors, months^any0 voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such pari of ardeb debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as shall not be comprif for's estate ed in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, not comprised shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out jjijj* schc' of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid, tq such person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

Discharge ob

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith tained fraudu standing the discharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this lem y, voi. hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently,

or that any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void, and of none effedh Persons con LV And, for the better discovery of the estate and effeth of any, ccaling any debtor ipbo shall be discharged by virtue of this at, be it enacted by ic^t of the the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall debtor, for have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal feit tool, and or protedf any estate, real or personal, of any such debtor, from double value, his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any assignee costs of suit or agnc€s in pursuance of this act, be chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make Over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and ^lfo double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate together with treble costs of suit.

Assigneei,

LVI. An be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the majo That lt shall he lawful, at all times hereafter, for any rity in value assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any debtor or of the credi debtors who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with compound for e0quent of the major part in value of such person or persons debu°due to creditors, who shall be present at a meeting to be held, on the debtor's twenty-one days public notice being previously given, for the ettatej purpose hereafter ipentioned, in the London Gazette, if the debtor was in custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol to make cotriposition with any person or persons debtors or accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or rca and my fob sonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt, as pute^ating can upon such'coroposition, be gotten, in full discharge of such thereroto ar debts and accounts, apd also to submit any difference or dispute hiiration. between such assignee or assignees, and any person or persons,

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 409

for or on account, or by reason or means of any'matter, cause, or thing relating to such debtor or debtors estate and effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to pr from such debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be phofen by the said assignee or assignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties V

with whom they shall have no difference; and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwifp to settle and agree the matters in difference pr dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and caq agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises,

n pursuanc$ of this act.

LVII. And whereas provision ought to be made as to what Jbou'd if assignee* die become of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors, not got in, ob before the et tained, or recovered) by any assignee or assignees ch'ofe pursuant to the fctfs of the*directions of the several acts, at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, refused fheihteh s, to act or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it enacted, That C refute to in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the credi aft, other ai'w tors of every such debtor or debtors to choose a new assignee or signe5*l°bo assignees in manner and form as herein before is directed, and tq app0mllc*obtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, and creditors pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the to obtain a said justices are hereby required and empowered to direct, (on from the due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such clerk of the former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their heirs, ex peace, which ecutors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle therein.;,) the justices and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or are other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby impowered sa*roobrv to obey the same, and execute such assignment accordingly, in he order, as planner and form as if no former assignment had ever been if noafliert* made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his men t had been deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, roa. hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for disobediepce in any part thereof, or neg jest of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to act, that then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act; and the said justices shall have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

irvui, And to tie intent and purpose that tit tfiato and ffftfts

£ e 4 of

4to Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.

[178l

Assignees of such debtor or debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

complained mgy be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their

?&.ai2.ft/or real creditors, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

shall an may be lawful to and for the respective courts at west management, tninster, and the courts of great sessions in lvales> and the princi or ther mif pafity of Chester, and the counties palatine of Lancaster and dirr behaviour; ham, respectively, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed; or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of aqy such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or efforts of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, the court anc upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and thereupon is give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal to summon or displacing such assignee or assignees, and appointing any new the parties, assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or ordemherein assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the piudent, just, as they shall or equitable management or distribution of the estate and efforts think flu of any fuph debtor for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or efforts of such debtor or debtors shall, from thenceforth, bp diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same yvere before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

_ Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

tuauredithas aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given been given, between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this the balance to art, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corpo jale fore thg delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effetfts of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the respeertive assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to state and allow an account between them and the other

be statrd and allowed

party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a<rting as clerk, of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a ing as clerk of the peace, as the eftatp or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly ftited.

LX. And whereas many persons are often committed on attadb meats fox contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. 411

submissions to, arbitrators by rules of court, or under submissions to ar Persons com bitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of court, IP, tl5c* for n in pursuance of an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third, for determining differences by arbitration; der fubroii and liiewife for not paying of tops duly and regularly taxed and al fions to arbu lowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that pur trat, on $

pose 5 and also upon any writ of Excommunitato Capiendo, ^rand/ornot other process for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses *ying cost#t in any cause or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court, or for any contempt to suchcourt, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such are entitled to persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, on lh? benefit of and subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

LXI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and Prisoners up ttre now imprisoned for debt, upon proceffts issuing out of courts ofon pr?ccft conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such pri of omscience loners shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be to have the # discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to benefit of this the directions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Quaker af in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the solemn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, shall and may be ao jjeu of^cepted and taken in lieu thereof; and evety person making such oath, affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming,

shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIII. Provided always, and bait further enacted by the au Persons who thoity aforesaid, That no person who shall have taken the bene have taken the fit of any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, within the space of ten years last past, and who by the justices within^m of the peace at their general quarter session, or an adjournment years, C ex thereof, shall be deemed fit and able to serve his Majesty at sea, eluded from or in his land forces, shall have or receive any benefit or advan this tage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such person shall be willing to serve, and exception, shall actually enter himself to serve on board some one of his majesty's ships of war for the term of seven years, or shall enlist as a soldier in some of his majesty's land forces for the term of three years.

[Debtors who have taken such benefit, and shall apply for discharge under this act, to produce to the court a certificate, signed]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any debtor, who may have taken the benefit of any insolvent act within the space of ten years last past shall under this act apply for his discharge, every such debtor shall produce to the court (to which he shall make application for such discharge) a certificate in writing, signed by an officer properly authorised to engage or enlist men for his majesty's sea or land service [as the case may be,] setting forth that he was on the day of [insert

412 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C.

[1781.

[by a proper officer, setting forth that they are inlisted to serve his Majesty, &c.]

the date] engaged or enlisted [as the case maybe] to serve as a mariner or soldier in his majesty's sea or land service for the term of which certificate shall be attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses; and in case such certificate shall not be produced, or shall not be property authenticated in manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom any such debtor shall be brought, or come, he shall, if a prisoner, be remanded back to the prison from whence he came, there to remain until he shall have fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or shall by othor legal means sooner obtain his discharge.

[No person who hath been tendered to be surrendered in discharge of bail, in pursuance of 20 Geo. 3. cap. 64; ]

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person who hath been tendered to be surrendered in discharge of his or her bail, in pursuance of a certain act of parliament, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections and also in pursuance of a certain act of parliament, made in this present session

[or 21 Geo. 3. cap. 1; ]

of parliament, intituled An act to extend the provisions, contained in an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections, to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof;

[shall, on that account, be deemed to be in actual custody.]

shall, on account thereof, be deemed or taken to be a perfson in actual custody within the true intent and meaning of this act; the said recited act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland

CAP. LXIV.

An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in this prfent session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the comoiif sioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centm upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 64; 413

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for repealing the duties payable Recital of upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain cap. 55> Of inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better thepreipot and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioner of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brevv r ers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parlia*raent, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; -) it is, among other things, decured and enacted, That all judgements of the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace within (heir respective jurisdictions, for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or effects, seized as forfeited under the said recited, or any other act or acts cf parliament relating to the duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as any judgement for the condemnation of any commodities goods, or effects? given in his Majestf s court of exchequer: and H is thereby further provided, enabled, and declared, Thai such judgements of the commissioners of excise and justices of the peace respectively, ball be subject and liable to, appeal in nil cases in which any appeal is, by any a or alls of parliament, given or allowed: and whereas diverse importers of spirituous liquors, distillers, reftifiers, compounders, and tea dealers on behalf of themselves and others, mo be nineteenth day of'june, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, whilfi the said reeited aft was depending in the houe of commons, did petition the said bouft against the said clauses, (amongst other things,) and praying that they might be heard by thetr counsel against the same; and leave was accordingly given by the feud hmfe for the petitioners to be heard against the said clauses, upon the report of the said act: and whereas it was intended to leave out the said clauses, in order that the force and effect of the said judgements of com miyioners of excise, and justices of the peace, might be tried and deter mined in a due course of law; but the said clauses were by mistake continued, and stand part of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the pai!t same. That the said recited clauses shall be, and the lame are j^pcakd, hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes p*whatsoever.

4h

[Preamble.]

Recital of >7 Geo. 2. up. 17»

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [i; 8r,

CAP. LXV.

An act for the establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the public front the time the bond debt of the foetid company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the public in respect thereof for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company \ find for granting to the said company, for a further. term, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the sail company.

WHEREAS by an eft made in the seventeenth year of the reign XV of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder of the moneys arisen, or to arise, by the duties, on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of the last session of parliament; and forex plaining and amending the said at, in relation to the retailers of Cuch liquors, and for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Baste Infos,) it was among other things, enacted, That the united company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Should, subject to the proviso or determination therein after contained, have, use, and enjoj, and Should continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole foie, and exclusive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, use, and privilege of tracting, trafficking, or using or exercising the trade or business of merchandise in, to, and from the East Indies, and from all the iflonds, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, and places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan; and limits, in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, or in a charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial a manner as the said company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, with Jkcb prohibition to all other his Myeftfs subjects to trade thereto, and under such penalties and forfeitures, «in the said act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second; and by the said lai mentioned e it was provided and enacted, That, at any time, upon three yean notice to be given by parliament after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon the expiration of the said three years, and repayment to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors of the

*781.3 Anno vicesimo prtmogeorgh III c. 65. 41

capital stock* debtor sum of four millions two hundred thousand sounds in the said at mentioned and all arrears of annuity payable in respect thereof in safe the Jame ftmld not have before been repaid, then, and from thenceforth and not before or sooner the said right title and intereji, of the said united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to the whole foie and extluftve trade ta the East Indies, and parts aforesaid Should cease and determine: and whereas, on the fraenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty notice was given to the said united company, pursuant to the potiver reserved in the said recited act for that purpose that the capital stock* debtor sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds and all arrears of annuity in respect thereof '* due from the public to the said united Company would be redeemed and paid off on ihb tenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^three: and whereas by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his frefent Majesty, (entitled, An act for establishing an 7 Geo. 5, agreement for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred cap 57. thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies,) it was directed That the Jdid united company ahi their successors* Should advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, sot his Majestfs uft, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, for and during the term of two years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each at or before fiuch times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared That all the territorial acqhifitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies

Should remain in possession of the said united company and their successo ors during the said term of two years to be computed from the said first day February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven:

and whereas by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for carrying into execution cer 9 Geo. tain proposals made by the east-india company for the payment cap. of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limit ad time, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies,) it was directed Thai the said incited company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors Should advance and pay into the receipt of his ma fifty exchequer for his Majesty's use the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, for and during the term of five years to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine at or before fitch times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared That ell the territoi ial acquisitions and revenues (in the said recited act before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, Should remain in possession of the said united company, and their successors, during the said term of five years: anj whereas by an act made in the thirteenth'year of the feign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by exchequer bills; and to be advanced Cap. e and applied, in the manner and upon the term thereintnentioned,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies), it is, amortgfl other things recited. That the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies did then labour, and had for sometime pad laboured under great and unusual difficulties in carrying on of their affairs, from which it greatly imported the public, as well as the said united company, that they Should, as speedilj as possible, be relieved \ and, by the said act, provision was made for advancing to the said united company, by way of loan from the public, the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds: and it ivas by the said act also recited. That, in the then circumstances of the east-india company, it would not he in their power to provide for the repayment of fu ch loan, and for establishing their affairs upon a more secure foundation for the time to come, unless the public Should agree to forego for the present as participation in the profits arising from the territorial acqwfitions tad revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that provision U made by parliament for applying as well the whole of the profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, as well as the revenue and profits of the company, after providing for certain necessary payments and deductions to be made thereout, to the repayment of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, and to the reduction of the company's bond debt: and by the said it was enacted, That, until the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds Should have been repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thou jand pounds, the whole dear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues after defraying the charges and expenus attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, jhm from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner following, that is to say), until the whole of the money, so advanced and applied as aforesaid, Should have been repaid, it Should and might he lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits, to set apart and apply, in the first place, such sum as might be fujficietit for answering 0 dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum upon the capital stock of the said company \ and all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred inrefpe# thereof j and after the repayment of the whole of the money so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the bond debt of the said company Should be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, it Should and might be lawful, in like manner, to set apart and apply in the first place out of the said clear revenuei and profits, such sym as might be sufficient for.answering a dividend not exceeding the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum upon the capital Jtock of the said company, after which, all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in reducing the bond debt of the said company: and whereatr* by a certain other act of parliament.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 417

ment* made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty

(entitled, An act for continuing in the possession of the united9 Geo. U company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies C 615 for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies and for continuing, for a limited time, so mudh of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better man

of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the course of the present year), it is amongst other things recited That the said sum of one million fdkr hundred thousand pounds had been repaid and fully discharged* and all the charges incurred in respect thereof had been defrayed and the bond debt of the said company had been reduced to or under the sum f one million five hundred thousand pounds whereby the circumstances in consideration whereof it was in the aforesaid act declared that the public Should agree to forego, for the then present time all participation in the profit arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, have ceased and are determined; but whereas notwithstanding it might be expedient that the aforesaid territorial acquisitions and revenues Should for a limited time and under certain conditions and restrictions* remain in the pof fiffton of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies: and by the said recited act it was enacted That all the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies fboultf remain in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, for and during the term of one year to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and jruenty nine: and it was also, by the said last recited act* further provided and enacted, That for and during the said term, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues after defraying the charges and expetices attending the same together*with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company after providing for the current payments of interest* and other outgoings charges and expenses of the said company Should be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say it Should and might be lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits to fist apart and apply in the first place such sum as might be sufficient for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of tight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital stock of the said company; after which the whole, surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be referred and await any future agreement that might be made between the public and the said company: and whereas by a certain other act of parlia so Geo. 3. C ment*passed in thje twentieth year of the reign of his present Majes 56* ty* (entitled, An act for continuing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for a further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies $ and for reviving, and continuing for a further time, so

a much

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An dfl for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the course of the present year; and for indemnifying the said company for any money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three ships of the line for the service of the public); it is enacted, That all the said territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the Baste Indies Should remain in thepossessiori of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their fuc cessors, for and during the further term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one iboufoni ( seven hundred and eighty, upon the same conditioni and rtflriftions as are contained in the said recited dfly passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas the said sum of cm million four hundred thousand pounds was repaid and fully discharg id, and all the charges incurted in refipefl thereof were defrayed and the bond debt of the said untied company was reduced to or under tkt sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, on or before tbt twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and jeventy eight; and the said united company have in pursuance of the feverot recited aftsi remained in the possessm of all the territorial acquisiti bnsi and revenues lately obtained tn the East Indies, and have, out of the profits arising from the same, and that revenue and profits of the said united company, made a dividend to the proprietors of that flock of the said company, of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said company, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousatid seven hundred and seventy seven: oni whereas the said united company presented a petition to the house of commons, on the twenty sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, setting forth, that they were deferous to have that exclusive trade in sand from the East Indies, continued to them for a further term of years and were willing that the public Jhcull participate with them in the profits arising from the territorial at quisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and that the said united company, at several general courts lately held. Id taken into confederation the terms and conditions of an agreement to be made between the public and the said united company; and at a court of proprietor Si held on the twenty-fifth day of the said month of June, the said United company agreed to the propofittons annexed is their said petition for those purposes, and for the purpose of sob hshing certain regulations for the better management of their affairj, by which said propositions the said united company did offer to advance and pay into his Majesty's exchequer, by infiallments, in the course of the present year, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, in full discharge of all the claims of the public upon the said mind company until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and proposed that the said united company Should remain in pofftffion of all tie territorial acquisitions and revenues lattly acquired in the East Indies, for and during the term of the exhufiot trade to be granted to the said united company, without prejudice to

that

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 419

the claim of the public or of the f lid wetted company and that the participation between the public and the said united company Should be in the manner, and upon the terms and conditions herein after mentioned and declared: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the lung's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af % and by the authority of the same, That the sum of 400, 000l. to be four hundred thousand pounds shall, by the said united compa paid into the ny of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be paid exchequer by into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, at the times and in the proportions following; that is to say, the sum of one hun menu, dred thousand pounds on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds on or before the first day of or teber then next following; the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds on or before the first day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of one hundred thousand pounds, on or before the first day of December then next following; for the use of the public, m full discharge and satisfactioa of all claims and demands of the public upon the said united company, from the time the bond debt of the said united company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one: and in case the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, shall make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to be made into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer on or before the respective days or times herein before limited, that then and from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's use by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the moneys of which they have made default in payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indiej, or their successors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the respective moneys so unpaid contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their stock, funds, and all other their estates and property whatsoever and wheresoever, shall beg and are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of such moneys, damages, and costs,

Vol. XXXIII Ff II And

o

The proviso In 17 Geo. t, C 17, for determining the exclusive trade of the company, C repeal d.

The right to the exclusive trade to the Baste Indies continued to the company.

Penalty on persons trading thither without licence from the company.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proviso contained in the said in part recited act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Genie the Second, for determining the right, title, and interest of the said united company to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, shall be, and the same it hereby repealed and made void, and the notice herein before mentioned to have been given in pursuance of the power reserved by the said proviso, to determine the foie and exclusive trade of the said united company, is hereby made and declared to be void and of no effect.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afbrc said. That the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall (subject to the proviso of determination herein after contained) have, use, and enjoy, and shall continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, use, and privilege, of tracting, trafficking, and exercising the trade or business of merchandise, in, to, and from, the East Indies, and in, to, and from, all the islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, and placet between the Cape of Good Hope and Streights of Magellan, and limits, in the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, or in the said charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his said majesty's reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the said company could thereby, or otherwise lawfully trade thereto; and the said East Indies, or the islands, havens, coasts, ports, cities, ! towns, and places, within the limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not from henceforth, at any time before such determination of the said foie and whole trade of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as is herein after mentioned, be repaired or failed to, visited, frequented, or haunted, by any other the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors whatsoever: and if any of the said subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of what degree or quality soever they be, other than the factors, agents, and feevants, of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or such as shall be by them thereunto licensed or authorised, shall, at any time or times hereafter, before such determination of the said company's whole and foie trade as aforesaid, directly or indirectly fail, or go to, visit, haunt, frequeqt, traffic, trade, or adventure in, to, or from, the said East Indies, or other the limits or parts aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and every such offender and offenders shall incur thefor feiture and loss of all the ships and vessels which shall be employed in such voyage, trade, traffic, or adventure, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, thereunto belonging; andlfo all the goods laden thereupon, or that were, or shall be lent Co, acquired, tracted, trafficked, or adventured, within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, and all the proceeds and efifcds of the same, and every of them, and double the value thereof;

- Which

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 4*1

which penalties and forfeitures shall be To sued for, seized, distributed and distributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an act made in the fevfenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An act for the further preventing his mojeffsjubjeqs from trading to the East Indies under foreign com miffhns; and for encouraging, and further securing, lawful trade thereto i and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet,) is appointed, directed, and enacted, concerning the penalties and forfeitures in that act mentioned or referred to, with respect to the said united company, or their trade to the East Indies.

IV. And moreover it is hereby enacted by the authority Thc aforesaid, That the said united company of merchants of Eng profits land trading to the East Indies shall, at all times hereafter for privileges, W ever, subject as aforesaid, have, hold, and enjoy, and be entitled granted by unto, all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privileges, t°rmcr franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, recharter, »medies, methods of suit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and disabilities, provisions, matters, and things whatsoever, which by any former act or acts of parliament or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any dause or clauses in the said acta or charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, in sisted, limited, established, or declared, to, for, touching, or concerning the said company, or body politic and corporate, either by the name of The General Society, entitled to the advantages given by an act of parliament for advancing a sum not exceeding two millions, for the service of the crown of England, or the said body politic and corporate, called by the name of The english com pony trading to the East Indies, r the said body politic and corporate, now called by the name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not by this act and not alters altered, or intended to be altered, according to the tenor and d by this act true meaning of the said acts and charters, freed and discharged from all provisoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained; and the same, and every of them, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised, and put in execution, by the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East In iitsy and their successors, for the better and more effectual settling and securing to them, and their successors, the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid; and for the preventing all other his majesty's subjects trading thither, and for securing also their possessions, estate, and effects, and governing their affairs and business, in all respects as fully andefifeftually as if the same profits, benefits, advantages, trade privileges, franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of suit, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, provisions, matters, and things, were severally repeated, and at large re enacted in the body of this act; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the said acts and letters patent now in force, and

not

422

company of the exclusive right to trade to the Raft Indies.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

not herein or hereby varied or altered, and subject also to the proviso herein after mentioned.

Cootinuance V Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho of 1 he term rity aforesaid, That at any time, upon three years notice to be

n r^be given by parliament, after the first day of March which shall be - ycaf Of qur j^orcj one thousand seven hundred and ninety

one, upon the expiration of the said three years, and repayment to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies or their successors, of the said capital stock, debt, of sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, and ail arrears of annuity payable in respetft thereof, in case the same shall iot have been before repaid; then, and from thenceforth, and not before, or foontr, the said right, title, and interest^said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the Bejl indiesy and parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine. The company,

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That after the de nothing in the above proviso, or in any proviso in the said act the exclusive n'nt^ year the re*gn of his said late majesty Kin w\l*

right, may continue to trade with their joint stock, C

liam the Third, or in the said charter of the fifth day of septem ber, in the tenth year of his said late majesty's reign, or in any other at or charter contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine the corporation of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, prevent,or exclude, the said united company from carrying on, at all times after such determination of the right to the foie, whole, and exclusive trade, as aforesaid, a free trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, with all or any part of their own joint stock in trade, goods, merchandizes, estate, and effects, in common with other the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, trading in, to, or from those parts, di atd^ood

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, notice to she That any notice in writing, signified by the speaker of the house company. of commons for the time being, by order of the said house, shall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper notice by parliament, to and for all the ends, intents, and purposes for which such notices are directed by this a to be given to the said company. The territorial

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, acquisitions to That all the teriitorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies shall remain in the possession of the united the company, company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for and during the term of the exclusive trade granted to the said united company.

How the pro

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iromtheterri That romane ater tie day f Mnrchy one thousand seven torial acquisi*hundred and eighty one, for and during so long time as the said tiens, and the united company, under the authority of this present at, shall be trade of the entitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffic io, bedso fedof anc from indi*and places aforesaid, the whole clear

*profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues,

after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same,

together

43

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65.

together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, shall from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say), it shall and may be lawful for the said united company to set apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such sums as shall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital stock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and in case there shall remain a surplus of the said clear revenues and profits above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annumy so to be retained by the said united cotnpany as aforesaid, Three fourth parts of such surplus profits shall be set apart and applied for the use of the public, and the remaining fourth jjart thereof shall be reserved and retained by the said united 'company for their own use. e. C

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ap^oprwted

the surplus profits appropriated to the public as aforesaid, shall to the public be paid annually into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, as to be paid an herein after mentioned, and shall be there reserved for the dif nually into the pofirion of parliament. «cbtquer.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The said P the said united company of merchants of England trading to the337on or East Indies, and their successors, shall, and they are hereby di before May i, rested and required to pay into the receipt of his majesty's exin every year, chequer, for his majesty's use, the parts and proportions of the

clear revenue and profits herein before directed to be set apart and applied for the use of the public, on or before the first day of May in each and every year; and in case the said united com failure of pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, shall make failure in payment hereby appointed to be frail be reco made, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on or before vered. the said first day of May in each and every year, that then, and in such case, the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his majesty's use, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more chan one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the moneys of which they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds fer centum per annum for the respective moneys so unpaid, contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their stock, funds,

4*4

The eompa

ny's share of the net profits, and the money they hall receive for victualling ships in the East Indies, how to be applied.

A statement of the profit and loss upon the trade and revenues of the company, with a state of their debts, to be made up yearly, signed by two directors, and transmitted to the comndflioners of the treasury t

and also an account of the value of all goods remaining unsold in their warehouses in England, ex cluhve of discounts, canno

vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

and all other their estates and property whatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of Such moneys, damages, and costs.

XII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Said united company to apply Such money as they are herein before authorised 1 to retain to themselves out of the yearly net profits of the said united company, and also So much money as they shall receive in respect of the fourth part of the expense of viciualling his majesty's ships and vessels in the East Indies, herein after directed to be paid to the said united company, during the continuance of the war with France, Spain, and Holland, together with the surplus profits belonging to the said united company on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, after payment of the said futr. of four hundred thousand pouncs to the public, as herein before is directed, not exceeding tw: hundred eighty eight thousand and twenty-five pounds, even teen Shillings, and ten pence, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten Shillings, per centum per provided that the bond debt of the said united company shall not at any such time exceed the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided that they do not increasctbi present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year.

XIII. And, in order to ascertain the yearly net profits anfpsgfrm the said united company's trade and revenues, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said united company (haj!, and they are hereby directed and required, to caqfe to be made up yearly, for each and every year during the term before mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case will admit, a statement of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a state of the debts of the said united company in England, from the first day of March, in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding year, the first of which statements or account' shall be made up to the first day of March, one thousand fete hundred and eighty-two; and every such statement or account shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by two or more of the directors of the said united company, and transmitted, within thirty days after the day to which such statements or accounts shall be made up respectively, to the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said united company shall cause to be made out, at the same time with the account herein before directed, an account of the value of all the said united company's goods which ha remain unsold in their warehouses in England at the time of malting up the said account, exclusive of discounts, customs, com mifllon to supercargoes, and of all and every other charge whatsoever to be deducted therefrom $ which account shall be fairly

jrrittw,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 4 %

written, and shall be signed by two or more of the diredort of the said united company, and transmitted, with the account herein before mentioned, to the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accounts of That accounts of the gross amount of all the territorial revenues the £roft*received by the said united company, and of all their disburse

meats, charges of management, civil, military, and other ex venues, and of peaces end charges, and also of the said united company's debts all the compa* at each of their settlements in the East Indies, and accounts of ny'8 disburte their net proceeds at each of their settlements in the East Indies, made upt0 shall be made up annually, and delivered to the of annually, and of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be delivered to ing, on or as soon after the first day of March, in each year, as the commiflt the receipt of the necessary materials from the East Indies shall ^afury. C enable the said united company to prepare such accounts. y'

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Directors to That the directors of the said united company shall cause copies lay copies of of the said accounts, so directed to be made up as aforesaid, to e be laid before the general court of proprietors, to be held next raj court after the same shall be so made up.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the The company

authority aforesaid, That the said united company shall, and0 pay to his they are hereby required to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and ^sofruses successors, in the East Indies, two lacks of current rupees per^ann, so" annum for each and every regiment Confiding of one thousand each regiment men, already sent, or hereafter to be sent, by his Majesty, his of 1000 men heirs or fudcessors, to the East Indies, on the requisition of the^the said united company, over and above the extraordinaries now*

born and defrayed by the said united company, and in that C

for any greater or less number of men, and for any

greater or less space of time; such payment to be computed, with fe(pe& to the forces already sent, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and with respect to such forces as hereafter shall be sent to the East Indies, from the time of the embarkation of such forces, and shall be paid until the return of the said regiments to Great Britain or for so long time as the said united company shall be possessed of the territorial revenues in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and orijja; which said payment shall be made in manner following; that is to say. The subsistence of such forces there shall be regularly paid to the orders of the officers commanding each respective regiment, and the remainder of such allowances shall be paid according to such regulations as shall be settled between the paymaster general of his majesty's forces and the secretary fct war for the time being, and the court of directors of the said united company.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the au From July 5, thority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one 4 "$ thouund seven hundred and eighty-two, until peace shall be re p^ce^c!1* fiored with France, Spain, and Holland, the£ud united company theanupany

F f 4 shall to supply the

'42<?

victualling for his majesty's shipa to be sent to the East Indies upon their requisition, C

Commissioners of the treasury tp pay to the company one fourth part of the value of loch victualing.

In case the company shall not oe able to make a dividend of eight percent, then the public shall repay more than a fourth part of the expenses of victualling.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

shall provide and supply all the victualling to be delivered in the East Indies necessary for his majesty's ships and vessels already fcn», or hereafter to be sent, to the East Indies, upon the requisitkm of the said united company, and also for the (ick and hurt Teamen belonging to such ships and vessels, during the time such ships and vessels shall be employed in the East Indies; and that a just and true account shall be kept thereof, and shall be properly authenticated and vouched by the governor, or president and council of the said united company's settlements in India respectively, where such victualling shall be provided and top plied; and such account shall, from time to time, be transmitted to the court of directors of the said united company, who are hereby required to lay such accounts before the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, who shall thereupon refer the said accounts to the commis coners of his majesty's navy, victualling, and (ick and wounded seamen, to be considered in the proper offices; and all such victualling so provided and supplied as aforesaid, shall be put in charge against the officer or officers to whom the same was delivered, or against the hospital for (ick and hurt respectively, as the case may be; and the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time beng, from time to time, during the time aforesaid, within forty days after the receipt of such accounts so properly authenticated and vouched as aforesaid, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said united company, one fourth part of the total amount of the value of all such victualling so provided by the said united company; which sum, so paid, mall be deemed and taken to be the sole right and property of the said united company, freed and discharged from all claims or right of participation on the behalf of the public, and shall be set apart and applied for the use and benefit of the said ynited company: and in case it shall happen at any tint during (he time aforesaid, that, by means of the said united company being put to such expenses on account of providing and supplyiftg such victualling as aforesaid, the net profits of the said united company realised in Great Britain, shall be so reduced as not to be sufficient, together with one fourth part of such expenses, as to produce to the said united company a sum equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon their capital stock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, that then and in every such case the public shall repay in Great Britain so much more of the expenses of providing and supplying such victualling for his majesty's ships and vessels, (if the amount of the value of such victualling, so provided and supplied as aforesaid, be equal thereto), as shall be sufficient to make up to the said united company a sum equal to a dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum on the capital stock of the said united company, such payments to be made in sterling money of Great Britain, the exchange for the rupee being rated and taken at the usual current price of the rupee at the tiifie the same shall be advanced and paid in the East Indies

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 427

XIX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Company to

That, from and after peace shall be restored with France, Spain, v?auauin? and Holland, the said united company shall, in like manner, pro after the ixfto vide and supply all such victualling at their own proper expense, ration of cost, and charge, peace,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Company to That the said united company shall, as soon as they shall be send to the enabled so to do, on the requisition and under the inspection of faluin<^t the of of his majesty's navy and office of ordnance, nd military send out to the East Indies such naval and military (lores, in such stores as the quantities, and of such quality, and to such places, as the said of of of his majesty's navy shall direct; and the said lav united company shall make timely requisition to the commissi a 1 oners of his majesty's nay for such naval and military (lores as

cannot be provided by the said united company; and the said united company shall also pay to the said of of his majesty's navy for all such naval and military stores so provided by them: and for all such naval and military stores exported Treasury to from Great Britain to the East Indies, by the said united com compand pany, upon the requisitions of the commissioners of his majesty's within day navy, the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high after deliver treasurer for the time being, shall, within forty days after an ac insin she account of such naval and military tyores shall have been so actually exported, and proof made thereof, and certificates shall be equal to the delivered of such exportation to the of of his Ma value of such jesty's navy, pay and advance, or cause to be paid and advanced, stores, to the said united company, by way of iraprest, upon account of such naval and military stores, a sum of money nearly adequate to the value thereof; and the remainder of the value of such thereinam stores shall be paid for after they shall be delivered in the East fer VJ- Indies, for the use of his majesty's ships and vessels, within forty days next after certificates shall have been delivered to the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, that such naval and military stores have been furnished and supplied to any of his majesty's ships or vessels employed in the East Indies; which certificates the officer or officers receiving the said naval and military stores is and are hereby required to give to the said united company in triplicate, on delivery of such stores

Provided always, That in case of the loss or damage of n ca^tt<^ the said naval and military (lores, or of any part thereof, by sea^or by being taken or destroyed by enemies, or by any other ac enemies, or cident not imputable to, or occassioned by, the fault or neglect of lost by una the said united company, or their servants, or any person em voidable ao ployed by them, the said impressed shall be allowed to the said company to united company; and moreover the said united company shall be paid the be paid the surplus value of such naval and military stores, be toll value yond the sum so imprested to them as aforesaid. thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fro Junc That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of Jnne % one thou panvtofuppjj sand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said united company naval and mi

shall, litarj stores for

ship III the Raft Indite

428 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

repair. Sec. of shall, to theutmost of their power, Supply, for the wear and tear his Majesty's and repairs of such ships and vessels belonging to his Majesty all shall be employed in the East Indies, all such naval and military (lores as shall be required by the officer commanding the fleet in the East Indies, or by any ofhcer commanding any of his Majesty ships or vessels so employed in the East Indies, such officer giving triplicate certificates for such naval and military (lores; and the prime cost of all such naval and military (lores as shall be (applied in the East Indies for the use of his majesty's navy, shall be

the prime cost whereof shall be repaid by the treafu

Rut after the teftoration of peace, the

their own expeace.

during hoftili repaid to the said united company in England, until peace shall tie with be restored with France, Spain, and Holland, within forty day France, &c. after certificates shall have been delivered to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or to the high treasurer for the time being, that such naval and military (lores have been furnished and Supplied to any of his majesty's ships and vessels so employed in the East Indies.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after peace shall be restored with France, Spain,

- and Holland, the said united company, so long as they shall re

farwfotbeu mann p°ffcon of the territorial acquisitions and revenues said (lore at the provinces of Bengal, Bahary and orijjay shall furnisti, at their own proper costs and charges, such naval and military (lores as shall be necessary and be required for the use of such of his majesty's ships and vessels as shall at the request of the said united company, remain on service in the East Indies in time of peace with the European powers, for which certificates shall be granted by the officers commanding such ships and vessels respectively, and all certificates so granted for such naval and military (lores, shall be sent to dbe court of directors of the said united company, and shall be by the said court of directors transmitted to the of of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being 3 and such certificates, so transmitted, shall be sent to the of of his majesty's navy and office of ordnance, who are hereby required to put the same in charge Bgainst the officers respectively receiving such naval and military (lores.

XXIV. Andy in order to prevent any extravagant demand being madey or any frauds being committed in the victualling any of his Majestys ships or vejfehy and in supplying them with naval and military storesy and that all expends relating thereto rtiay be properly checked and controuledy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of his majesty's navy, and the of of

1.* wuii victualling, and sick and wounded Teamen, and office of ordnance, afrtqon, shall an the court of directors of the said united company, shall let ctlablish regu tie and establish such rules, orders, and regulations, for the providing such supplies, and in paying such expenses as aforesaid, as they shall see proper; and all such rules, orders, and regulations, shall be observed and obeyed, as well by the femnts of the said united company, as by the officers of his majesty's navy respectively; and the accounts of such supplies and expenses shall be returned examined checked and passed in such manner

porrmrflioners of the navy, See. and the court of

lation* for providing stores, See.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. 4*9

ner as by the said rules, orders, and regulations shall be established: and in case it shall appear, upon the examination of such Moneys or accounts, that any moneys or stores, received by any of his majesty's officers, shall not be properly accounted for the amount officers, and value thereof shall be recovered from such officer or officers, howto be re by such ways and means as shall be agreeable to the usage and covered, custom of toe navy in such cases; and such part of the money so recovered, as shall have arisen during the war with France,

Spainf and Holland, shall be paid and applied for the use of his Majesty, and such part as shall have arisen subsequent to the end of the war with France, Spain and Holland shall be paid to tyre said united company.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Reservation of That all and every the rights, interests, powers, privileges, and the rights of authorities, which are now vested in the said united company of thf compzai^ merchants of England trading to the East Indies and which are not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or varied, shall remain to, and continue in the said company, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this a had never been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Restriaionsoa That, during the continuance of this act shall not be lawful bills of ex for the said united company, or their successors, or any of their the comt* officers or servants, on their account, to accept or otherwise bind pany in the the said company, or their successors, for the payment of any Raft Indies, bill or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or servants, at any of their presidencies in the East Indies, for any Aim exceeding the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, exclusive of certificates, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company's (hiph in the space of any one year, without the consent and order first had and obtained of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon, as they shall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary to the true meaning and intent of this a, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bjjis That no bill, promissory note, or other obligation for money, India, and issued, or to be issued, by any of the said united company's pre made payable fidents and councils, or servants in the East Indies, or in China there, (halt not respectively, and made payable in the East Indies, or in China re j*england fpcdtively, shall be payable in England, without the consent of without the eighteen of the directors of the affairs of the said united com content of it pany first had and obtained for that purpose 5 nor shall the said directors, C united company be liable to the payment of any bill, promissory

note, or other obligation for money, blued or to be issued as aforesaid, and made payable in England ualess accepted by, or by prder of, a court ot directors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore...

43°

British fub^j«6u in India tarefide within ten mites of some principal settlement.

british fub jc6h redding in India not to lend money to any foreign company, CC

Penalty on British fub jdb (other than the company) who shall (end Indian goods to Europe.

§utts brought by the court of directors against private traders, C not to be topped, nor the penalty or damages mitigated, Sc C

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

said, That during the continuance of this act, it shall not be lawful for any British subject or subjects in the service of the said united company, or licensed by them to proceed to India, to reside in any other place in India than in one of the principal settlements belonging to the said united company, or within ten miles of such principal settlement, without the special licence of the said united company, or of the president or governor and council of such principal settlement, in writing first had nd obtained; nor shall any such british subject or subjects reside beyond the limits aforesaid, for any longer space of time than shall be specified in the orders of the said united company, or in his or their licence or licences respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any servant or servants of the said united company, or any other british subject or subjects residing in India, to lend any sum or sums of money to any foreign company or companies, or to any foreign European merchant or merchants, or to purchase any goods in India for or on account of such foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, or to be concerned in lending such sum or sums of money, or in purchasing such goods, directly or indirectly, or to furnish such foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, with the credit of bills drawn upon the correspondents of such servant or servants, or British subject or subjects, or any other person or persons in Europe.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day at July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any british subject, either in his own name, or in the name of any oilier person or persons whatsoever, to carry on or be concerned in any trade or traffic whatsoever, in sending any kind of goods and merchandizes, the produce or manutadure of the Eofi Indies or China, by the way of Suez, or by any other channel, to Europe; and in case any british subject or fupjelts shall carry on or be concerned in any such trade or traffic as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay to the said united company double the value of the goods and merchandises which shall so be sent to Europe, to be recovered in any court of justice in the East Indies, or in his majesty's court of King's Bench at werm'tnjler.

axai. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in case the court of directors for the affairs of the said united company shall order any suit or suits at law or in equity to be brought against any person or persons for trading to or from the Eqfl Indies, without or beyond the licence and permission of the said united company, or for any offence or offences committed by, or any mjfocba viour of, any such person or persons, in his or their station or

employ

43*

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. employment in the east Indies, it shall not be lawful for the said court of directors of the said united company to put a (lop to such suit or suits, or to remit or mitigate the penalty, damages, or satisfaction sought to be recovered thereby, before a final judgement or decree shall be obtained in such suit or suits.

XXXII. And whereas it is necessary for the said united company to keep and maintain a military force in the East Indies, and the present method of obtaining recruits to keep up the same bath been found very inconvenient and deft Hive; be it therefore eha&ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united coiftpany, by licence from his Majesty for that purpose, from time to time to enlist such number of men, being his majesty's subjects, and of such ages, and for such time, as shall be expressed in such licence, trf serve them as soldiers in the East Indies, and to deposit and keep such men, not exceeding two thousand at any one time in time of war, and one thousand at any time in time of peace, at such place or places, in any part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, as shall be approved of for that purpose by his Majesty, until they can be sent to India; and in case any person or persons so enlisting and engaging, after he shall have signed an agreement for that purpose, and shall have declared before a magistrate, at the distance of twenty-four hours at the least after his first enlisting, that he freely and voluntarily signed such agreement, and is willing to go to and serve the said united company as a soldier in the east Indies, shall desert from the place appointed for him to reside at till the time of his embarkation to go to the east Indies, or shall refuse to perform his agreement, it shall be lawful for any person or persons to apprehend such person or persons, and convey him before a magistrate; and it shall be lawful for such magistrate, on proof of the case, to commit such person or persons to gaol, there to be kept in safe custody, and maintained at the expense of the said united company, until such person can be sent to India; and it shall be lawful for the said united company to cause such person or persons to be conveyed in custody on shipboard, to be carried to the East Indies, in such service as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas doubts have orifen % whether, agreeable to the provisions contained in an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and ^ncrealing of shipping and navigation, goods and merchandise can lawfully be exported to, and imported fromy the East Indies, and places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in Ships and vessels the property of the said united company, by reason that many foreigners are proprietors of flock of the said united company: and whereas it is fit and proper that Ships belonging to the said unifed company Should be considered as British Ships 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all ships and vessels belonging to the said united company, whether built or pur

u chased.

Regulations relative to raising re emits for the company's service in India.

Deserters may be committed.

All vessels belonging to the company shall be deemed British ships, within the meaning of the navigation ad 11 Car. a.

43* \

Court of directors to deliver to com miilloners of the treasury copies of all letters and orders relative to the management of their revenues, 14. days before such letters are lent;

and to one of the secretaries of (fate, copies of all letters, C relative to their civil and military affairs. Scc.

Anno vicesimo prim Georgii III. c. 65.

chased by the said united"company, shall be considered, decoded, and taken to be British ships, within the true intent and meaning of the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second; and the said united company in respect thereof shall be entitled to all and every the privileges and advantages in and by the said act given and granted to the owners of ships wholly belonging to jbritifk subjects, the same being navigated in the manner prescribed by the laws now in being respecting British built ships; anything in the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the court of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required and directed to deliver to the of of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or to the high treasurer for she time being, copies of all such letters and orders as shall or may any way relate to the management of the revenues of the said united company, fourteen days at the least before the sending or dispatching of such letters and orders respecti vely; and in like manner shall deliver, to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of (late, copies of all such letters and orders as shall or may any way relate to the civil and military affairs and government of the said united company, to any of their fer yants in India, and such copies shall be signed by two or more of the directors of the said united company; and that the said court of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such instructions as they shall receive from his Majesty, by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, so far as relates to the conduit and Transactions of the said united company, and their governors, presidents, and councils respectively, with the country powers in the East Indies, and also to the levying war and making peace, in such orders as the said court of directors shall from thenceforth give to the governor and council of their presidency of Fort Wtuiam in Bengal and also to their president and council in the other Settlements respectively belonging to the said united company: Provided nevertheless, That in case the secretary of date, to whom the copies of such letters aforesaid shall be delivered, shall not, within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, communicate such orders and instructions as aforesaid, in writing, to the said court of directors, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said court of directors to dispatch and send such orders to their servants in India, in such manner as they shall think fit.

XXXV. And whereas by another all, pqjftd in the turtuntb year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well m India as in Snrtly

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65.

it was9among other things, enacted, That9for the government Recital of the presidency Fort William in Bengal, there Should be appointed 13 G*a governor-general, and four councillors, the whole civilcap

military government of the said presidency, also the ordering,

management, W government, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bafiar, and Oriffa, shouldy during such time as the territorial acquisitions and revenues Should remain in the possessm of the said united company, 4* vested in the said governor-general and council of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also that the governor-general and four first councillors appointed by the said act Should each of them bold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the term of five years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the said presidency, and Should not be removable in the mean time, except by his Majesty* his heirs and successors9 upon representation made by the court of dire ft or s for the said united company for the time being; and in case of the avoidance of the office of such governor-general by death, rejig nation, or removal, his place Should, during the remainder of the term aforesaid, as often as the case Should happen, be supplied by the person of the council who Should fiand next in rank to such governor-general 5 and in ease of the death, removal, resignation9 or promo tien9 of any of the said council, the directors of the said united Compaq were thereby impoweredy for and during the remainder of the said term of five years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the consent of his Majesty % his heirs and success'orsy to be fiignified as therein is mentioned, a person to fiucceed to toe office so become vacant in the said council \ and until such appointment Should be made, all the powers and authorities vefied in the governor-general and council Should rest and continue in and be exercised and executed by the governor-general and council remaining and surviving: and whereas it may be expedient that certain parts of the said recited act which are expired

Should be revived and continued, subject to such variations as herein after are mentioned; be it therefore enadea by the authority aforesaid, That the person and persons who at the time of the passing of The persons this act shall have and enjoy the office and offices of governor "h re general, and councillors of the said presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the f0uncillors of continuance of this act, and shall not be rernoveable in the the presidency mean time, except by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of Port will upon representation made by the court of directors for the said united company for the time being; and shall have and enjoy j oahis all and singular the powers and authorities vefied by the said shall not ad in the first governor-general and four first councillors by b.c. removed the said act appointed, and shall be subject to the same restric c^nuance tiens and limitations as by the said act the first governor gene of this'ad, ral, and first four councillors were made subject? that in except by'his case of the avoidance of the offices of stich governor-general, Majesty, cor any of the said councillors, such office shall be respectively supplied in the same manner as the same office would by the said

i

43 t

director*, with the con lent of his Mapfty, may appoint a new governor-general, in case of death restation, See.

but he shall not be inti tied to any'J'alary, as Inch, until he actually takes upon himself Use said office.

Directors im* powered to appoint with his Majesty's con Cent, two'persons to succeed whenever vacancies shall happen in the said presidency, canno

vicesimo primo georou III C 65.

[178*1,

said a have been supplied during the remainder of the ternt of five years, which was computed from the time that the first governor-general, and four fiaft councillors, took upon them the government of the said presidency.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the said united company, and they are hereby im powered to nominate and appoint, by and with the consent of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be signified under his or their sign manual, atiy one of the council of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or any other person, to succeed to the place and office of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and from time to time to revoke the said nomination and appointmenr; and the person so nominated and appointed shall succeed to the said place or office when the same shall happen to become vacant by the death, retignation, or removal or the governor-general of the said presidency for the time being, and have all and every the powers and authorities of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like manner as if he had succeeded after a vacancy had happened; but nevertheless the person so to be appointed as aforesaid to succeed to the vacant office of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be entitled to any salary, perquisite, allowance, or advantage whatsoever, as governor-general, until he shall become entitled unto, and take upon himself the said office of governor-general of the said presidency; in case he shall not happen to be at Fort William in Bengal aforesaid, at the time the said vacancy shall happen, then and in such case the said office shall be supplied, until the time of his arrival at Fort William aforesaid, by the senior councillor of the said presidency.

XXXVII. And whereas it may be inconvenient to offer the offut of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal to remain vacant till the same can be Supplied in England, after the advice of such vacancy; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the said united company, and they are hereby im powered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by and with the consent of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be signified under his or their sign manual, one or two persons to succeed respectively to the omce of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, whenever a vacancy shall happen in that office by any of the ways in the said recited a mentioned, and to declare which of the said two persons shall first succeed to the said office of a councillor, and upon the first vacancy*in that office the said persons respectively shall succeed thereto accordingly, and have all and every the powers and authorities of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort wtbim in Bengal, in like manner as if he had been appointed thereto

after

435

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 66.

after a vacancy had happened; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the representation of the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, from time to time to revoke the nomination and appointment of such persons to succeed to the vacant office but the per of a councillor of the said pregdency, in like manner as a Tonnes so to be councillor of the said presidency may be removed from such appointed office under the authority of the said recited al; but, never titled to theless, the persons so to be appointed as aforesaid to succeed any faiary, to the vacant office of a councillor of the said presidency, shall until they ac not be in tit led as a councillor to any salary, perquisite, allow tully tace ance, or advantage whatsoever, until he shall become entitled f^vea thetaid unto, and take upon himself, the office of a councillor of the office of said presidency,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commander in chief of all the said united com Commander pany's military forces in the East Ihdies for the time being," chief of provided he shall be appointed one of the councillors of the nyvforces", if said presidency of Fort william in Bengal, shall, from time to appointed a time, ard at all times hereafter, take rank as second in council councillor, at the said presidency, but shall in no case succeed to the go ^5 vermnent of the said presidency without a special appointment for

that purpose; but in case of the vacancy of governor-general cil; butshall of the said presidency at a time when no person shall be ap not succeed at pointed to succeed to the office of governor-general, the coun Sove" or cillor next in rank to such commander in chief shall succeed to and hold the office of governor-general until some other special apperson shall be appointed thereto, as herein before is men pointmenu tioned.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Claims to the thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, territorial

to prejudice or affect the rights or claims of the public, or the said united company, respecting the said territorial acquisitions n nd revenues.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; Publick act of which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventeenth year of preamble.

the teign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to Recital of promote the residence of the parochial clergy,by making pro 17 Geo. 3. Vol. XXXIII G g vision cap. s1.

I

436 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 66. (i^sp.

vision for the moe speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of tfieir benefices; it is enacted, amongst other things. That the incumbent of every living or benefice, of which the glebe, tithes, rents, and profits, halt be mortgaged for the purposes of the J'aid ah, Jhill pay the inter cjl arising upon every such mortgage, yearly, as the Janie shall become due; and also five pounds per centum per annum, if such incumbent was refiaent, and ten pounds per centum per annum, if non resident of the principal remaining due, by yearly payments \ which words, if literally understood and observed, would, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the Gaol act, render the discharge of the principal sum impracticable, and thereby discourage persons from lending money upon such securities; it therefore enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Thfclncam* parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Hfent of every the incumbent of every living or benefice of which the glebes,h*rc tithes, rents, and profits, have been or shall be mortgaged for been purp°^es f the said a shall, from and after the passing or shall be of this act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to every tfiori^aged for such mortgagee, over and besides the interest of the principal the purposes money due upon such mortgage, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum, if resident, or ten pounds per centum per to theinbrt annum, if non resident, of the money originally advanced upon gagefe, besides such mortgage, until the whole of the said principal money intersect, 5 per shall be discharged; if, upon any such mortgage or mort other in" 11' sasc^ already made, less shall have been paid by the present cipal, ltreii incumbent than what is hereby directed to be paid, he (ha!, dent, or 10 and he is hereby required, within six months after the passing percent, if of this act, to make up the deficiency; and in default of pay non resident. 'ment thereof within the time aforesaid, the same shall be recovered in such and the same manner as the intcrtfl is recoverable by virtue of the provisions in the said recited act.

Forms in the

II. And be it further enacted, That the forms contained in schedule to be the said schedule respecting the allowance of accounts, and the observed. bond anj receipt to be given by the nominee, as directed by the said recited act, or forms to the like effect shall be observed and complied with in the execution of this and the said recited act.

[Public act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this act, and everything herein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and tiktti to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the jfame.

Staff

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 66.

State of account of the money advanced and paid by A.B. (reftor or vicar, cas the case (hah be) of the living of in the county of for the building (rebuilding,

or repairing) the parsonage house and buildings belonging to the said living according to the direction of a fta tut e mide in the seventeenth year of the reign of hit m yejly King George the Third.

C D. Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

G. H. Incumbent.

Form of allowance of the nominees account of the money received and expended by him pursuant to the directions of the said Statute of thefevtnteench of George the Thirds to be written at the foot of such account.

WE .'have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above account. Given under our bands, this day of,

A.B. Ordinary.

C D. Patron.

E. F. Incumbent.

Receipt to be signed by the nominee for the money which jhah be borrowed and paid into his hands, pursuant to the direction of the said act.

1a. B. being the person nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of the rectory (vicarage, ca the case shall be) of in the county of

and dioctfe of the bishop of to receive and apply the

money authorised to be borrowed by mortgage of the glebe, tithes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments of the said.

the pierpose of building (rebuilding, or repairing, as the case

shall be) the parsonage house (or outbuildings, cas the case shall be) belonging to such living or benefice, do hereby acknowledge to

have received from the hands of C D. being the person to whom such mortgage is intended to be made, the sum of

being the sum for which such mortgage or security is to be made: and

1 do hereby promise to apply the same in such manner and for such

purposes as are directed by the said act.

Form of bond to be given by the nominee and his surety, pursuant to the direction of the said act.

OBLIGATION of the bond (in the common form of obligations) from A.B. (describing him as in the last. of receipt) and C D. of C (describing the surety) to (describing the ordinary) in the penal sum of (to be double the sum for which the

iceurity is to be given, CC

G g a

43. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 67. f 178 r

Form of the Condition of the said Pond.

THE condition of the above obligation is such, That if the said A.B. (naming the nominee as before mentioned) shall and do jufily and truly pay and account for the sum of received by him this day from C D. being the person to whom a Mortgage hath been this day made and executed of the glebe, tithes, rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the rectory (vicarage, cas the case shall be) of for the purpose of

building (rebuilding, or repairing) of the said rectory, cas the case shall be), according to the true intent and meaning of two frveral efts of parliament, pa fed in the seventeenth and twenty first years of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for those purposes; this obligation to be void, or otherwise to remain in force.

A.B.

C IX

CAP. LXVII.

An act to prevent the mischiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality.

[Preamble.]

117 WHEREAS the improper and cruel manner in which cattle are driven from Smithfield market, within the city tf London, through the streets of the said city, and liberties thereof the city Westminster, and the bills of mortality, hds occasionti great mtfehies, and endangered the lives of many of his Majesty's liege subjects inhabiting the rein; for preventing whereof for die future, may it please your fnoft excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Any peace assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and officer may after passing of this act, if any person or persons, who shall driv^nifcattle* h, rcc* or cmpl°yed to drive any cattle within the said cities through the of London or Westminster, or the liberties thereof, or the bills ft recta of of mortality, shall, by negligence or ill usage in the driving London, See. fucft cattle, be die means that any mischief shall be done by such

perms^ert* catt*e> or ty any one or more which shall be com

to his, her, or their care; or if any driver or drivers of cattle, within the limits aforesaid, shall in any wise mi(behave himself, herself, or themselves, in the driving, care, or management of any such cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such cattle; then and in any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to or for any constable, or other peace officer, upon view thereof, or information of any person or persons, (who shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said constable or other peace officer), to seize and secure, by the authority of this act, and, without '. any

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 67. 439

any other warrant, to convey such offender or offenders before some justice of the peace of the said cities of London or ivtft minster* or within the bills of mortality; and the party or paris the party ties accused being brought before such justice within whose be convicted jurisdiction the offence shall be committed, such justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witnessfcs who forfeit from shall appear or be produced to give information touching such 5*. ro o. offence, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and to theproie required to administer) 5 and rf the party or parties accused culor*

shall be convicted of any such offence either by his, her, or their own cortsession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, flic, or they, foconvicted, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to the person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders; and if the person or persons so convicted or becommit shall refuse, or not be able forthwith to pay the sum forfeited,° the every such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal rection, kc of some justice of the peace, within whose jurisdiction 'the per for one son offending shall be convicted, be committed to the house of month, correction, or some other prison within the cities of London or Westminster % or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons not Tonnes, not being hired or employed to drive cattle within the b, ns ^nvcrl said cities of London or Westminster, or the liberties thereof, or wit shem the bills of mortality, shall pelt with Hones, brickbats, or by with (tones, any other means drive or hunt away, or shall set any dog or C orfet dogs at any ox, heifer, cow, (leer, or other cattle, without the athcm* consent of the owner of the same, or his servant; then and in may betaken any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, before a it shall and may be lawful to or for any constable, or other justicej peace officer upon view thereof, or information of any person or persons who shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said constable or other peace officer, to seize and secure, by the authority of this act, and, without any other warrant, to convey such offender or offenders before (bme justice of the peace of the said cities of London or Westminster, or within the bills of mortality; and the and on con party or parties accused being brought before such justice, with in whose jurisdiction the offence shall be committed, such justice shall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or from s, witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information 20s., touching such offence, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and if the party or par or be commit ties accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by ted to the his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay r*sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than fivfc Shillings, to that person or persons who shall prosecute to cong

g 3 viction

440 Anno vicesimo priino Georgii Ml. C 67. [1781.

vksion any such offender or offenders; and if the person or persons so convicted shall refuse, or not be able forthwith to pay the sum forfeited, every such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, within whose jurisdiction the person offending shall be convicted, be committed to the house of correction, or some other prison within the cities of London or ^cjiminfl^r^ or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^a^thefor lat n ca^c the person or persons, giving such information as felt, though aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to attend, without some lawful the'informer excuse, to be allowed by the justice, such constable, or other Should neglect peace officer, within the space or six hours from the time of to attend. making such information, he, she, or they so offending shall, upon proof being made on the oath of such constable or peace of'

' that such person had given such information as aforesaid

(which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), forfeit and pay any fom not exceeding forty Shillings, not less than ten Shillings, to such constable or peace officer s and in case the same shall not, upon demand being made by such constable or peace officer, be forthwith paid, the same, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice.

couitofamer

IV. And be it further enacted, That the court of mayor and

menimpowtr aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, shall have edt "jake full power and authority to make, frame, and.set down in writ gulathigdrtv rea^onable rules, orders, or ordinances, for governing

ers of cattle and regulating all persons who shall drive any cattle, sheep, withinlondon calyes, or lambs, within the said cities of London or jvtjtminper, and Westmin* and liberties thereof, or the bills of mortality, and to annex; cr# C reasonable penalties and; forfeitures for the breach of such rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty Shillings, left than ten Shillings, for any one offence: and such rules, or y ders, and ordinances, or any^of them, from time to pine, (o alter and amend.

The time for V Provided always, and be it enacted, That norhing in this keepingsmith aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to em field Market power the said court of mayor and aldermen to shorten or ^toortened. abridge the time for keeping the said market open; but that tyre

- # same shall be kept open from the hour of twelve of the clock at

night till the hour of three of the clock in the afternoon on the several market days, and at no other hours, unless the said court of mayor and aldermen shall judge it proper to enlarge the time*for keeping it open.

Any justice

VI. And be it further dialled scythe authority aforesaid, Thit within the any one justice of the peace of the cities of London or Westminjur, bills of mor Qr the bjlls of mortality, within whose jurisdiction say

tality may de' '?

annq vicesimo prirnp Geojig(1 III p. 67. .^1

offence shall be committed, shall have power to hear and deter termine coin mine, in a summary way, complaints of offences that shall be fj^c^a0 apnft committed contrary to any of the rules, orders, or ordinances, anyfru!ef at any time hereafter to be made by the said court of the mayor made by the and aldermen, in pursuance of this act; and the said justice or courtot alder justices, and each of them respectively, within their respective mcn*.&c* jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, to them respectively, of any such offence, committed within their respective jurisdictions, contrary to such rules, orders, or ordinances, within six days after the commission of any such offence, to issue his or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, directed to such constables, or other peace officer or officers, as the said justice or justices, or any one of them, shall, from time to time, think sir, thereby requiring him or them to*apprehend such offender or offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said justice or justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, to answer the matters of complaint to be contained in such warrant or warrants; and if^ the such offender or offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, plrty i, C con. or their confession, or by the oath of one or more credible wit vidm, may ness or witnesses, (which oath such justice or justices respective fine him. ly, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorised and re to administer), it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, or any one of them, to impose a fine upon him, her, or them, for the said offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties which shall be inflicted in and by the said rules, orders, and ordinances; and if the person or persons, so convicted, shall neg Offender not led or refuse forthwith to pay the penalty or forfeiture imposed P "

him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for such ju committed to (lice or justices, or one of them, in his or their respective juris the house ot diflions, immediately to commit the person or persons convict correction, ed to the house of correction, or other prison, within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices respectively, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid; all which penalties and forfeitures shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, who shall be apprehended for having committed any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover his, £ov "r thcic*her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to names and the justice or justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be places of a brought, such person or persons, so refuting, shall immediately be delivered over to a constable, or other peace officer, and shall common by him be conveyed to the common gaol, or house of correct gaol, ion, of the county or place where the offence shall be commit ed, or the offender or offenders shall be apprehended; there to remain for the space of one calendar month, or until he, she,

V they, shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and

G g 4 Place

44*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 67. [1781.

place or places of abode, to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace of the said county or place.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the author an abstract of^aforesaid> That an abstract of the several provisions and pc the penalties nalties contained in this al, and all such rules, orders, and or contained in dinances, so to be made, from time to time, by the said court this act and of of mayor and aldermen, shall, within fourteen days after the to be*roadecb ma*c*ns such rules orders, and ordinances, be printed and thecoui tot al axed upon such of the most conspicuous places within the dermen, to be said cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof, and printed, C bills of mortality, in such manner as the said court shall think proper, and, from time to time, order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person, Warrants may against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the on offenders peace, either before or after conviction as aforesaid, for any of or their goods, fence against this actor against such rules, orders, and ordi out of theju nances, hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, rifdidion reside, or be in any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, were^raotes. out the jurisdiction of the person granting such warrantor

warrants as aforesaid; if the goods and chattels of any offender, convicted of any offence in pursuance of this act, shall be ina different county, city, liberty, town, or place, than where the said party was convicted, or the warrant of diltrcfs granted, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, into which such person shall escape, either before or after conviction, or where his goods and chattels shall be after such conviction, and they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their respective jurisdictions, upon proof made, upon oath, of the hand writing of the said justice granting such warrant or warrants, to endorse his or their name or names on such warrant, and the same, when so endorsed, shall be a sufficient authority to all peace officers to execute such warrant in such other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the person granting the said warrant; and the said justices respectively, or any one of them, as the case shall happen, after indorsing the said warrant, may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before the said justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the complaint in the same manner as if it had originally arose within their respective jurisdictions, or may direct the offender to be carried to the person who granted the said warrant, to be dealt with according to law.

Prosecution to 3c. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore becommenced said. That no person shall suffer any punishment for any offence within days committed against this act, unless the prosecution for the same alter the of foe commenced within fourteen days after the offence shall be ence, X committed j and that when any person shall suffer iroprisonmenr, pursuant to this act, for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of any penalty hereby imposed, or shall hereafter bfc imposed, for the breach of any of the rules, orders, and

ordinances,

443

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 67.

ordinances, which shall or may be made by the court of mayor and aldermen, as aforesaid, such person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such penalty.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the order or judgement of any justice Ippcal to the of the peace, upon account of any offence committed, or sup quarter feffi posed to be committed, against this act, it shall and may be on*i

lawful for such person or ersons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, city, or place, where any such conviction shall be made, the person or persons so appealing first giving security, in the sum forfeited, before such justice or justices in their respective jurisdictions, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to abide, by the order or orders which shall be made on such appeal; and giving fourteen days notice, in writing, of such intention to appeal, to giving 14 days the party or parties on whose prosecution such conviction was notice founded, if there are so many days between the time of the conviction and such general or quarter sessions; and if there are not, then to the next subsequent general or quarter session which shall be held after any such convjdion; and the justices, in the said general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to be levied, under the order of any such session, the costs which shall be awarded, together with such sum of money as any such court of session, on the hearing any such appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person who shall refuse to pay such costs and sum of money forfeited, or of the person or persons who shall have become furetyor sureties for him as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no order or pro ?roceedingt ceedings to be made or had by or before any justice of the

peace, by virtue of this a, shall be qua (bed or vacated for of form, want of form; and that the order of the justices, at their general or quarter sessions, within their several jurisdictions, shall be final; and that no proceedings of any such justices qut of feffi ?Prhrcraovea- on, or in their said general or quarter sessions, in pursuance of^ji#y cerll°* this act, shall be removable by certiorari, or otherwise.

XIII. And, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this act, be it further enacted, That all and eve How justices ry the justice and justices of the peace, before whom any person to proceed for or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, cwivtftion of shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the follow offendm* ingform of words, or in any other form of words to the same

effect, as the case shall happen; (videlicet);

BE it remembered, That on the day of Form of

in the year of our Lord conviction.

A.B. is convicted before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the cities of London or Westminster.

444 Anno vicesimo primo G£Q?GH l\ht C ($. {178 1.

minder, the county of Middlesex, either on his own confejsign, sr, on the oath of one or more credible witness of witnesses (as the case shall be,) by virtue of an' aft, made in the twenty frfl year of the reign of his mujesty King George the Third, to prevent the mischiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality; [Specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case may be.]

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

Limitation of

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ftioni. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, it, 'shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after every such cause of action shall have accrued and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which such offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or derend cencral issue. ants n such action or suit, may plead the general iitue, and give this act and the special matrer in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, or shall be laid pr brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the offence shall have been committed, then, and in any of such cases, the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his action or actions, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have Treble coda treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or may have for his or their costs in any other cases by law.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual punishing dealers of lead and iron bars, fixed to houses, or any fences belonging the reunto.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fourth year of the rain of his late majfjly King George the Second, (entitled An act for the more effectual puniffring dealers of lead or iron bars, fixed to houses, or any fences belonging the reunto; )

cnofltj,

public act.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 4- Geo. », cap. 3*,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 68. 445

enacted, That all and every person and persons, wfo ./2w/ri/>, cut, or breaks with intent to Jleal, any lead, iron, bar, iron gate, pal lijadoe, or iron rail whatsoever, being fixed to any dwelling house, outhouses, ioacb house, Jlable, or other building, ufedor occupied with fitch dwelling boufie, or thereunto belonging, or to any other building whatsoever, in any garden, orchard, court yard fence, or

outlet belonging to any dwelling*house, or other building, shall be demeed and confirmed to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer the paint and penalties therein mentioned; and all and every person and persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or ajfisting, in Jhaling, or in such rip ping, cutting, or breaking, any lead, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallisadoe, or iron rail, fixed to any dwelling house, outhouses, coach house, fable, or other. building, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or out let belonging to any dwelling 'house or other building j or who shall buy or receive any such bad, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallisadoe, or iron rail, knowing the same to be fiolett, shall be subject and liable to the same punishments as if he, she, or they, had fiolen the same: and whereas the stealing of copper, brass, and bell metal, affixed to dwelling houses and the appurtenances thereto, is not expressly prohibited and made punishable by the said recited act oj parliament, whereby wicked and evil dispos ti persons have been encouraged to fieal the same, end others to buy and receive the same knowing the same to be Jlolen; for preventing of which, be it enacted by the king's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, prom t9 and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first i7gf> au per day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all Tonnes who (halt and every person and persons who shall deal, rip, cut, break, or ftca, »or.rf'. remove, with intent to steal, any copper, brass, bell metal, [nt utenfd, or fixture, being fixed to any dwelling house, outanjr copper house, coach house, fiable, or other building used or occupied brass, See. with such dwelling house, or thereunto belonging, or to any fixed to any other building whatsoever, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or outlet, belonging to any dwelling house, foall bedeem or other building, or any iron rails or fencing setup or fixed in ed guihy of any Square, court, or other place, (such person having no title, felony, and or claim of tide thereto,) shall be deemed and construed to be ^tedt'orfe" guilty of felony; and the court by and before whom such per venyeai^&c. Ion or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have power and authority to transport such felons for the term of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm; or to order and direct that such offender be kept and detained in pri (bn, and therein kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year j and within that time, if inch court shall think fit, such offender shall be once, or oftener, ^but not more than three times, publicly whipped: and all and fonsaflifting every person and persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or assist in such (seeing, in Healing, or in such ripping, cutting, breaking, or remov 108* ing, any copper, brass, bcu metal, uteofil or fixture, fixed to any jj£ tj^uyr

dwelling

by

44 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 69. [1781.

knowing them dwelling house, outhouses, coach house, or other building, 'to be stolen, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or outlet, to the fames' belonging to dwelling house, or other building, or any iron punishments. rais or ^nc*rtg» up or fixed in any square, court, or other place 5 or who shall buy or receive any such copper, brass, bell metal, utensil, or fixture, iron rails, or fencing, knowing the same to be stolen, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same punishments, pains, and penalties, as if he, she, or they, had stolen the same, although the principal felon or felons has not or have not been convicted of dealing the same 5 any law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIX.

t

An act to explain and amend an an, made in the twentynintb years the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled An act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the (leal ing, and the buying and receiving of stolen lead, iron, copper, brals, bell metal, and solder j and for more effectually bring: ing the offenders to justice.

Preamble, WHEREAS by an an, passed in the twenty ninthyeat of th

reign of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled, Recital of An act for the more effectually discouraging and preventing the 9 Geo. , dealing, and buying of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bch ^3°. metal, and solder; and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice)) praviftons were made Jor punishini the receivers and buyers of lead iron, copper, brass, bell metal oad solder, knowing the same to be stolen: and whereas the aid act for been found by experience to tend to good and useful purposts, and to prevent many felonies being committed in respen to the several article therein mentioned; but the metal called Pewter not being mentimi or included in the said act, evil disposed persons have taken advantagi thereof \ and the Jlealing of pewter pots, and other pewter, and ibt buying and receiving such pewter pots, and other pewter, knowing tbt same to be stolen, is become a great and notorious evil; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, every* That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven person who hundred and eighty one, every person who shall buy or receive shall buy or any pewter pot, or other vessel, or any pewter in any form or

teceive any, (hape whatever, knowing the same to be stolen, or unlawfully

or other^pew come by \ or shall privately buy or receive any stolen pewter, ter, knowing by differing any door, window, or shutter, to be left open or the'lame to unfastened, between fun setting and fun rising, for that purpose;

be stolen, See. or shall buy or receive the same at any time, in any clandestine vision be" marmlcr* from any p^son or persons whatsoever; shall, bang transported as thereof convicted by due course of law, although the principal a felon for fe. felon or felons has not or have not been convicted ot/stealing ven years, C the same be trapsported, in like manner as oilier felons are du

447

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70.

tcfted to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding (even years, or be kept and detained m prison, and there in kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year; and within that'time (if such court shall think fitting) such offender or offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three timds, pub lickly whipped.

CAP. LXX.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of therein of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates to the administration ofjujiice in Bengal; and for the relief of certain persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, finder a moment of the supreme court of judicature; and also for indemnifying the governor-general and council of Bengal, and all officers who have, acted under their orders or authority, in the undue resistance made to the process of the supreme court.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign,

[Recital of

intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs ijgeo.j. c. 6j. or the East India company, as well in India as in Europe, his ma hit royal letters patent of the twenty sixth day of March, in the fourteenth year of his reign, did create and confiitute a court of retard, to be within the factory of Fort William, at Calcutta in Bengal, called The supreme coart of judicature at Fort William in Ben ga, with sundry dir eft ions, powers, and authorities to the said court, tn the said letters patent set forth and expressed: and whereas many doubfs and difficulties have arisen concerning the true intent and meaning of certain clauses and provisions in the said act and letters patent, and by reason thereof dissension hath arisen between the judges of the supreme court and the governor-general and council of Bengal; and the minds of many inhabitants, subject to the said government, have been disquieted with fears and apprehensions \ further mifihiefs may possibly ensue from the said misunderstandings and iifcontents, if a seasonable and suitable remedy be not provided: and whereas it is'expedient that the lawful government of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, Should bejupportei, that the t revenues thereof Should be collected with certainty, and that the inhabitants Should be maintained and protected in the enjoyment of all I their ancient laws, usages, rights, and privileges: may it therefore i please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of The governor Hie same, That the governor-general and council of Bengal stall sfner?j ad not be subject, jointly or severally, to the jurisdiction of the fu ^gaj not to preme court of Fort William in Bengal, for or by reason of any be subject to act or order, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, coun the supreme'court

4+8

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1781.

felled ordered, or don by them in their public capacity only and adding as governor-general and council Persons im*

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared That if any person pleaded in the or person ftnj] be impleacted,: irv any action or proofs, civil or for*aft8cdone criminal in the said fupretne court, for any act or acts d6ne by by order of the order of the said governor-general and council in writing, he the governor or they may plead the general issue, and give thetqid order in general, C evidence; which said order, with proof that the act or acts done fttnerahitue. las 01iavc been on ^dbrdipj tb tli* purport of the same, shall amount to a sufficientjustification of the said. acts, and the defendant shall be fully justlfied, acquitted, and difehareed from all and every suit, action, and jprocefs whatsoever, civil or criminal, in the said cottft.

[Proviso.]I In. Provided always, That with respect to Tilth order or or j ders of the said governor-general and council as do or shall tx i tend to arty British subject or subjects, the said court (toil have I and retain as full and competent jurisdjftion a if this act had never been made.

The governor-general, C to remidn liable to any complaint before a competent court in this kingdom.

If any person making complaint to the supreme court against the governor-general, See shall execute a bond to the company to prosecute the same in some competent court in Great Britain, Sec.

such person may compel, by order of the court, the production of copies of the orders complained of, See.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained flttfl tx tend, or be Confirmed to extend, to discharge or acquit the said governor-general and council jointly or fefcefuhy, Of Wiy jther person orpttffbns Aftdag by or under their order, irobh my can plaint, salt, or process, before my competent court in this kingdom, or to give any other authority whatsoever Co their ab, than acts of the same nature and description had, by thekwsaod Statutes of this kingdom, before this act was made.

V Andy in order to prevented abuse of the powers given to tit governor-general and council, be it further ertafted. That in case any person, by himself, or his attorney or counsel, shall make a complaint to the supreme court, and enter the same in writing, and upon oath, of any oppreflton or injury, charging the bote to be committed by the said governor-general, or any member or members of the council, or any other person or persons by or in virtue of any order given by the said governor-general and council, and shall execute a bond, with (bme other person whom the said court shall deem responsible, jointly and severally, to the united Baste India company, in such a penalty as thecoun shall appoint, effectually to prosecute the said complaint by indictment, information, or action, in some competent court in Great Britain, within two years of the making of the same, or of the return into Great Britain of the party or parties against whom the same is made; that then, and in such case, the party complaining shall be, and i6 hereby enabled to compel, by order of the court, the production in the said supreme court of true copy or copies of the order or orders of council complained of, and to have the same authenticated by the court, and to examine witnesses upon the matter of the said complaint, and also on the part of the person or persons complained of; and the said parties, as well complaining as complained of, shall have and enjoy severally all manner ot advantages, rights, and privileges, relative to proof of the said complaint er defence, and

tlfo

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. 449

*lfo relative to any Mandamus or commission to be issued by any of his majesty'fc courts in Westminsur hally in case the court up n motion shall think fit to issue the fattie, as are provided in.

'case of any fiiifc in such Cases by art a ft of the thirteenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled An act sir ejltiblishing Certain rtgu idtions for the better management of the affairs of the east-india mw 'fany* as well in India as in Europe; and the supreme court shall shave the same powers for the compelling witnesses to appear tend be examined, and the same roles and directions shall be observed for the transmittirtg the depositions of winrdfts and other papers to this, kingdom, as are provided by the said recited

1^i *11 ti sit

VI. And be it further enacted, That all copies so authenti copies of created

of orders'of the said governor-general and Council, and ders, C shall also the depositions which shah.hatfe ben taken in manner !?* received #, aforesaid before the supreme dtfurtr Thillhe recefaeditv' evi ih/court^at^ (fence in any of: fei$ Majesty's couffs 6f law or equity at West wcftmix^iler. mimffer.

VII. And be it further ertacted, That no prosecution or suit Limitation of ihau he. carried pd against the said. governor-general, or any action kqember of the council, before aoy court in Great Britain

(tnq high court of parliament only excepted), unless the same shall be commenced within five years after the offertce committed Qr within five years after his arrival ti 'England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said foprtrme court supremr shall not have or exercise any jurisdiction in any matter con ccrning the revenue, or concerning any act or acts ordered or ritdiction in done in the collection thereof, according to the usage and prac any matter tice of the country, or the regulations of the governor-general and council.;

IX. And, for removing all dotibts concerning the persons No person subject to the jurisdiction of the said fupremfe Court, be it enact shall

ed. That no perfop stall be subject; the jurisdiction of the fu dtftioaof the preme court, for.or, by reason of his seeing a landowner, land supreme coure holder, or farmer of land, or of land relit, or for receiving a onaccount of payment or pension in lieu of any title to, or ancient possession or

of, land or land relit, or for receiving any compensation or share ^rmer of profits for ccllefting of rents payable to the public out of land, &c. such lands or districts as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his under tenants in virtue of his farm, or for exercising within the said lands and farms any ordinary or local author ity.commonly annexed to the possession or farm thereof, within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or For or by reason of his, becoming security for the payment of the rents reserved or otherwise payable out of any lands qr farms, or farms of land within the provinces of Bengal, b'ah/ify and Oriffa.

reason

general and council, or by any person deriving authority under C them, or for or on account of his being employed by a native or defeetutant of a native of Great Britain, shall become subject 6»,to

1 the provinces ot Bengal, Bahpf^ and Oriffa.

And be it further enacted, That no person, for or, by nwforjd 1 1 of his being employed by fhd company, or the gdvernov tkpcompany# \

except In action! for tref pafic!. See.

The name, description, and place of abode, of every native employed in the service of the company in finy judicial office, Sec. shall be entered in a book.

On the death of any person employed by the company his name shall be entered in a book.!

All British subject shall enter, in the provincial office, the name and place of abode of their native stew ardt agents, C

Penalty on British fub employ

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1781.

to the jurisdiction of the supreme court in any matter of inheritance or succession to lands or goods, or in any matter of dealing or contra between party or parties, except in actions for wrongs or trespasses, and also except in any civil suit by agreement of parties in writing to submit the same to the decision of the said court.

XI. And for the more perfectly ascertaining those of the no tives who shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme courts an account of their being employed by any of his Majesty's British jub jefis; be it enacted, That, on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the governor-general and council shall cause the name, description, and place of usual abode, of all and every native employed in the service of ths east-india company In any judicial office, or as principal native omcei; of any district in the collection of revenue, or in any commercial concerns of the company, (except as hereinbefore excepted j, to be entered in a book or books alphabetically disposed, diringuishing the district in which the said officers are employed; of which book or books two copies shall be made, one of which shall remain in the provincial office; and tyre other of which shall be registered in the supreme court; and the governor-general and council are hereby required to register, or cause to be registered, the name of every person who Inal] afterwards be appointed to succeed to any office vacant or new created, within three months of the said appointment or creation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any person or persons shall happen to die, or shall be removed from any judicial office or employment whatsoever, in the service of the eaj] India company, the name or names of such person or persons so dying or removed, as aforesaid, shall be entered in a book or books for that purpose, to be kept in the manner aforesaid.

XIII. And It is hereby further enacted, That all and every of his majesty's British subjects shall, in like manner, cause to be entered in the provincial office of the district in which the said British subjects doth most commonly reside, the name, description, and place of abode, of his native steward or stewards, agent or agents, or partner or partners, in any concern of revenue, or merchandise (if any such steward, agent, or partner he hath), and in like manner shall enter or cause to be entered, within three months from the time of succession or new appointment, or new partnership, the names of him or them who are dismissed, dead, or new appointed, in the said provincial office; and the president of the said council is directed to transmir, within three months, to Calcutta the name of every person who shall succeed to the said employment or partnership, for which a see of one Sicca rupee for every entiy, and no more, shall be paid to the officer keeping the said register.

XIV Andiae it further enacted, That if any Britishfutjeft shall be convicted, before the supreme court of employing any

native

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70;

native agent, or engaging with any native partner, not regiftef in^any native CD as herein before is provided, or who shall be bona fide, and i ^ered* hi effect and substance, such agent or partner, (although by B covin, collusion, or deceit, the same may be covered and cori cealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this at), the said British subjects, if in the company's service, shall forfeit on conviction, the sum of five hundred pounds, and if not in the company's service, shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to any person suing for the same.*'

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no native shall, ertm

after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fajar before 'eighty three, be entitled to receive any fee Or salary except from he js register the day of the date of his regiilry.: ed.

X VI And be it further enacted, That if any British European Penalty on subject shall engage in any concern of trade with a native partner »tish euro not regilvcfred as herein directed, the said British subjectt shall not be entitled to recover or receive any sum or sums of money tragic by reason of the said joint concern, or to compel an account flrrrive part thereof, by any suit in law or equity, in any court within the ners notreg? feid provinces; and arty person, profecoting to conviction, in the fupretne court, a British subject having a native partner or agent not being registered as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall recover, by due process of the said court, the whole of the felar^y engaged for, and shall also be entitled so an account and receipt or the said British subject's share of profit of any partner ship entered into with any person or persons not conforming to the regulations of this act.

xvfl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the supreme

court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, shall have full preme court: I

power and authority to hear and determine in such manner as hallderer j is provided for that purpose in the said charter or letters patent, all and all manner of actions and' suits against all and Angular homedao \ the inhabitants of the said city of Calcutta; provided that their Gentu ujbabi i inheritance and succession to lands, rents, and goods, and all tantt of cal matters of contract and dealing between party and party, shall cutta#«be determined, in the case of Mahomeddns, by the laws and usages of Mahomedam, and in case of Genius, by the laws and ufam

'ges of gents \ where only one of the parties shall be a m.d. hemedanox Gentu, by the laws and usages of the defendant.

XVIII. And, in order that regard Should be had to the civil and The autfio ( religious usages of the said natives, be it enacted, That the rights and matters of and authorities of fathers of families, and masters of families, ac families. cording as the same might have been exercised by that Gentd, ot among the 'Mahomedan law, shall be preserved to them respectively within native, 10 b their said families; nor shall any acts done in consequence of Preffeived>^the rule and law of cast, respecting the members of the said families only, be held and adjudged a crime, although tha&me may not be held justifiable by the laws oi England.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be The Supreme

lawful for the supreme Court of judicature at Fort William in coyrtmay j&engal, to frame such process, and make such rules acfd orders £ anrj? such; Vail. XXXIII EJ h for forra8ofpro

452 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1781.

cefr, Sec. in for the execution thereof, in suits civil or criminal against the iuiu against natives of Bengal, Bahar and Oriffa, as may accommodate the a«eflull full Tame to the religion and manners of such natives, so far as the thetr religion same may consist with the due execution of the iaws and attain andmanners, ment of justice.

Such forms to

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such new be transmitted forms of process, and rules and orders for the execution thereof, to one of the ^ass forthwith transmitted to one of his majesty's principal state, so^hu secretaries of state, to be laid before his Majesty for his royal ap majesty'i approbation, cor red! ion or refusal; such process shall be used, probation. and such rules and orders shall be observed, until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the lad case, with such variation as shall be made therein.

XXI. And whereas the governor-general and council or some committee thereof \ or appointed thereby, do determine on appeals and references from the country or provincial courts in civil causes; be it fur the governor there enabled, That the said court shall and lawfully may hold all general, Sec. such pleas and appeals, in the manner and with such powers as may deter it hitherto hath held the same, and shall be deemed in law a peal and P", court f record; and the judgements therein given shall be final Stall be deem and conclusive, except upon appeal to his Majesty, in civil suits ed a court of only, the value of which shall be five thousand pounds and upwards.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the court aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be a court to hear and determine on all offences, abuses, and extortions, committed in the collection of revenue, or of severities used beyond what shall appear tq the said court customary or necessary to the case, and to punish the same according to found discretion, provided the said punishment does not extend to death, or maiming, or perpetual imprisonment.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the governor-general and council shall have power and authority, from time to

1 time, to frame regulations for the provincial courts and councils; and shall, within six months after the making the said regulations, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, copies of all the said regulations to the court of directors, and to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state; which regulations his Majesty in council may disallow or amend; and the said regulations, if not disallovved within two years, shall be of force and authority to direct the said provincial courts, according to the tenor of the said amendment, provided the same do not produce any new expense to the suitors in the said court.

XXIV. And whereas it is reasonable to render the provincial magi ftr at es, as well natives as British subjects % more safe in the execution of their office; be it enacted, That no action for wrong or injury shall lie in the supreme court, against any person whatsoever extreifing a judicial office in the country courts, for any judgement, decreet or order, of the said courtt nor against any person for any act done by or In virtue 0? the order of the said court.

record;

and shall determine on all offences committed in collecting the revenue, See.

The said court may frame regula tiens for the provincial courts, Prejudicial

officers in the country courts not liable to actions for wrong, Sic. in the supreme court for their decreet, kc.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. 453

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of an infor No role, C mation intended to be brought or moved for against any such 01 made

-. 17 o X j1 on intorma

officer or magistrate, for any corrupt act or acts, no rule Or t; on against other process shall be made or issued thereon until notice be any such of given to the said magistrate or officer, or left at his usual place ficer> until. of abode, in writing, signed by the party or his attorney, one £agpb[cn°tlce month, if the person exercising such office shall reside within g" eu utbim. fifty miles of Calcutta two months, if he shall reside beyond 5 fifty miles, and three months if he shall reside beyond one hundred miles from Calcutta, before the suing out or fervrng the same; in which notice the cause of complaint shall be fully and explicitly contained; nor shall any verdict be given against such magistrate, until it be proved on trial that such notice hath been given, and in default of such proof, a verdict with costs shall be given for the defendant.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no magistrate shall No such ma

be liable, in any such case, to any personal caption or arrest, gyrate liable nor shall be obliged to put in bail, until he shall have declined hcrftialiun to appear to answer after notice given as directed by this act, hav/declined and service of the process directing his appearance by himself or to appear to his attorney. aufwer, C

XXVII. And whereas certain natives India reftding at Patna, by the names and descriptkns of Mir Burcut Ulla, and Gullam Mucdum, men of the law attendant on the provincial council of Patna, and a native of Hindostan, called Behader Beg, are now end have been for upwards of two years imprisoned at Calcutta; in execution for damages recovered against them in certain atiions in the said supreme court: and whereas through ignorance or other misapprehension of the low, the time during which an appeal might have been presented to his Majesty in the privy council hath expired*be

it therefore enacted, That the said three persons shall be forth Certain na with discharged from the said imprisonment by the person or t, ve?» pnfol> persons in whose custody they now are, or shall be, by virtue* To be d of the said executions, on security being given for the damages charged; 'recovered; which security the governor-general and council are on Security hereby required to cause to be given on their behalf; and that being given it shall be competent to appeal to his Majesty in council against for damage the aforesaid judgement, in like manner, and to the same effect, vernor^cne as if such appeal had been presented within the time for that ra and coun purpose limited by the charter. cil.

XXVIII. And whereas in the late dissensions between the governor-general and the judges in Bengal, many things have been done not jujlifiable by the Jlrift rules of the law it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor The governor-general and council, and advocate general, are jointly and severally, and all persons acting under their orders, so far as the for refitting same relates to the resistance to any process of the supreme he execution court, from the first day of January one thousand seven hun of the order dred and sevenry nine, to the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be, and are hereby indemni pranac fied, discharged, and saved harmless from any action, suit, or

454

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 71, 7^.

[1781.

prosecution whatsoever, for or on account of the said.dilbbe dience and refinance to the execution of the orders of the said court.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for vesting the parish church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and site thereof, and the church vaid thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever and for uniting the said parish to the parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said city.

[Preamble.]

Recital of Geo. 3. cap. 49. 5 Geo. 3. cap. 91. 6 Geo. 3.

Cap. 76. Parish church of St. Christopher le Stocks and churchyard lested in the bank. Sheriffs of London to summon a jury, to settle and after tain the value to be paid by the bank. Witnesses may be examined on oatfa. Verdi of Jury, C to be final. purchase money to be applied in d

charge of debts contracted by the parish. Remainder to be in veiled in purchase of houses See. or in government or real security, in the names of bishop of London, rector and churchwardens, The rents C to repair church of st.margaret Lothbury and parsonage house thereto, and remainder as trustees shall dire. Parish of St. Christopher's united to the parish of St. Margaret Lothbury. Incumbent to enjoy all tithes, See. suni vor of the present incumbents to enjoy both livings. Not to affect the lord chancellor's right of presentation. Power of removing bodies. Power of removing monuments, See. The parishes to be kept distin#. The patrons to have alternate presentation. rcctor of St. Christopher to allow the rector of St. Margaret for doing duty. Plate and goods belonging to St. Christopher's to be enjoyed by the churchwardens of St. Maieaitt Indemnity to the reftor for not reading the thirty-nine articles. Vaults to be made in the churchyard. The bank to purchase a new burial ground. The parish of St. Christopher to contribute to the repair cf St. Margaret's church, See. All donations, C to continue as heretofort. Service at St. Margaret's to be effectual. Recital of the proviso in the 5 Geo. 3. respecting the providing a parsonage house.' The said proviso re

Staled. Reciting, that doubts may arise concerning future tithes, C

ank to be charged with all tithes, taxes, See. in the same proportion as the other parts of the parish now pay. A relit of 30 s. a year to be paid to the rector in lieu of a passage to his vauiu General laving. Public act

CAP. LXXII.

An act for the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parish of Stoke Damarell, in the county of Devon \ and for paving, cieansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and passage?, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuifaoce!, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaises, and carts, and also chairmen, and porters, within the said town.

[Preamble.]

That the town of Plymouth Dock and parish of Stoke Dama rell much increased. Commissioners names. Meetings of the comroifso erst Who are to defray their own expenses, for appointing new commissioners. Qualification of of Commissioners to take an oath that he is in right of himself or wife possessed of 301. per annum, real estate, or of stool personal Penalty on acting not being Qualified. 50l No commissioner to awhile hcholds any place of profit under the act, or shall be church warden or overseer. Commissioners may a as justices. Proceedings of the of to be recorded. Commissioners to ip! officers, and altow them salaries. Commissioners inquired to uke o. fcconty

455

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 72.

security from their treasurer, tec. Officers to account, and pay the balance. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, See. offender be to committed. The poor put under the care of the of, and the workhouse, &c.vested in them. Overseers to pay the money to the of To be applied by order of seven of them towards maintenance and employment of the poor, and to defray charges of aft. Commissioners authorised to makecontrafts for supplying the poor with necoffaries, altering or repairing the workhouse. See. Commissioners authorised to agree for indemnifying persons against the maintenance of bastard children; for punching poor persons for misbehaving, may order moderate correction or confinement, or by distinction of dress, or abatement in diet. For punishing persons buying or receiving into pawiv any clothes, or other things, belonging to the poor, or to the work house, to forfeit treble value. Persons begging, to be taken into the workhouse. Power to grant occasional relief 10 poor persons ryot being in the workhouse. Not to alter the laws relating to the office of church warden or overseer. Property of the pavements, See. veited in the commission en. Commissioner may order the streets to be paved, clean fed, and watched. Power to get materials; making satisfaction for damages. Penalty cm obstructing the works. Pavement not to be altered without the content Of Commissioners. Commissioners empowered to contraift for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets. Surveyors to inspect the works. Scavenger's duty to cleanse streets once a week, tec. Inhabitants to sweep the pavement before their houses. No person to carry away any soil except the scavengers. Persons at liberty to keep ashes, Sec, in their houses or yards, but in case their neighbours are annoyed thereby: penalty of 5 s. Penalty not to extend to rubbish occasioned by ereftingor repairing any buildings. Scavengers may lodge dirt in the streets with the of consent. Regulations touching the emptying of boghouses. Signs, projections, and obstructions, to be removed For preventing nui teuces and obstructions in the streets; penalty 53. Penalty on persons not removing nuisances occasioned by bogities, Scc. 5 s. Carriages not to be drawn with a larger number of horses than are allowed by law on turnpike roads, and not to have the wheels less than six inches wide. Names of the streets. See. to be setup, and houses to be numbered. Fronts of all new houfds to be made perpendicular. Half the Statute duty of the parish to be performed on the streets. Surveyors of the highways to give to the of lists of the persons liable to perform Statute duty. > Penalty for neglect. Commissioners may compound for Statute duty. Power to appoint watchmen. Duty of the watchmen: to apprehend suspicious persons, tec. Regulation of Hackney chairmen, tec. Power to raise money by annuities towards paving, cleansing, and watching. The annuities charged upon the ratte. Form of the grant of annuity.

THESE presents witness, that we, thirteen of the commissioners for putting m execution an act of parliament made in the twenty first year of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the ah by virtue of the powers and authorities by the said act given to and vened in the said of, or any thirteen or more of them, and in confederation of the sum of to treasurer to

the said of, in hand paid by before the

sealing and delivery of these presents, as appears by the said treasurer's receipt endorsed hereon, do hereby grant and assign unto the said

his executors, administrators, and assigns, one annuity or yearly min of out of the rates or affefimeots to be raised and levied,

by the said of by virtue of the said act; which said annuity or early sum of shall be paid to the said his executors,

adraidistrators, and assigns, at upon the

In every year for ever; and the first payment thereof shall be made upon the next ensuing the date of thete presents la Wltncfe

whereof, we have hereunto set our hands and seals, the day of in the year of our Lord

4 Hhj No

45*> Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c-73-

No annuity to exceed five percent. Annuities transferrable. Form of the transfer.

ID transfer the within securiry, and all my right, title, and interestin and to the same, and the annuity payable thereon, unto

executors, administrators, and assigns. Witness my hand and seal, this day of

Power to recover the annuities by action of debt against the commitdoners, C Commissioners authorised to lay assessments for paying the annuities and other purposes of this act, except with respect to the poor. Churchwardens, See. to permit the of to inspect the poor's rates'. Buildings not to be assessed while unoccupied. Power to recover assessments by distress, See, Houses occupied by more than one tenant, to be paid by the landlord. In case tenants remove before payment of the assessments, the same to be paid by succeeding tenant, who may dedu& out of his relit. Lessees under sir John Saint Aubynrto be deemed the owners of the houses. Power for sir J St. Aubyn to redeem the annuities. Vacating so much of all leases as subjects the lessees to repairing the streets. Money to be raised by assessments to be applied for paving, Sec. the streets. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised of may place money in the hands of atbanker, and to cause their accounts to be Rated annually; but not to be personally answerable for contra£h, C This act not to discharge the of from payment of the rates. No adioti to be discontinued on account of the death of the treasurer. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress, C and applied to carrying this act: into execution. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Saving of manerial rights. Persons distraining not to be deemed trespassers on account of defect in proceedings. Sec.'No plaintiff to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Writings not to be subject to stamp duty. Limitation of actions to 6 calendar months. General issue. Treble costs. Pubiid ad.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for diminishing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

[Preamble.]

Recital of letters patent, dated May s, in 19 Car. a. Steward to issue a summons for debts between 40 s. and 5l. Form of plaint.

A.B. complains against C D. That he [orfhe] is indebted to the plaintiff in for goods sold and delivered,

[or as the case may be ]

Defendant to enter appearance. Form of plea, Sec.

C D. appears and confesses [or denies] the debt [as the case maybe] mentioned in the plaint of the said A.B.,

On plea or default, steward to summon a jury. Mode of trial by jury and oaths of wnnesses: to hear the plaintiff or defendant themselves. Execution may he issued against person or goods. Debt may be paid by inltal menta. Defendant may appear and confess his debt. For fumraoning jury, them who do not attend to forfeit os. to London hospital. Three days notice to be given to persons summoned to serve on the jury, kc, Commissioners of thetower Hamlets court of requests, exempted from fisrv ing on juries in this court. Witnesses may be summoned: penalty of so, on di (obeying the same. Verdicts of the court to be final. For contempt 01 disturbance of court, penalty sos. List of fees.

For

457

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 73.

For PLAINTIFF.

For entering every plaint, one shilling:

For summons and service, two Shillings and fixpeoce:

For summoning the jury, one shilling:

For entering and trial of the cause, tour Shillings s To the jury for every cause, two Shillings:

For every order and entering, one shilling t For subpoena and service, one shilling and Gxpences 1 For execution and service, one shilling.

For DEFENDANT.

For entering appearance, (ixpencex*For plea, sixpence 1

To the jury for every cause, two Shillings s For every order and entering, one shilling:

For fubpeena and service, one shilling and Gxpence;

For execution and service, one Grilling.

r On confefiing the debt.

For confession, one shilling:

For luminous and service, two Shillings and Gxpencet For order and entering, one shilling s For execution and service, one shilling.

The fees shall be divided into three parts, between the Reward, the patentee and the four attorneys, viz. Richard Cartwright, John Bexwell, Major Wright, and Robert Wright. Lilt of fees to be publicly hung up Steward John Mors Else to be sworn. The oath.

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and trtdy behave and demean njyfelf in the office of Reward of the King's Majesty's court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same j and I will well and rightly, justly and faithfully, execute the said office of Reward of the said court, and will administer and do full and speedy justice to the King's people in the same court, according to my belt discretion, knowledge, undemanding, and judgement and I will perform and observe all other things which do anyways belong or appertain to the office of Reward of the said court, according to my belt discretion, knowledge, underranding, and judgement. And I do further swear, That will not by myself, or knowingly t>y any deputies, clerks, or servants under me, or by any other person or persons, receive or take, or cause, permit, or suffer to be received or taken, any greater or other sees in my said office of Reward, than such as are directed to be taken in and by an act, made in the twenty grr year of the reigh of his majery King George the Third, intituled An act for diminishing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

[Public act.]

Steward may appoint a deputy. Deputy to be sworn. Protbonotary Richard Farmer. Steward may be removed for misbehaviour. punish ment of persons guilty of perjury, same as others for the like offence. No action to be brought for anything done under this act without notice, C If tender be made of sufficient amends, jury to Gnd for defendant. No actions but for debt, and on aflumpgt, shall be recoverable under this act. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the Grit money arigng by fees.

45?> Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 74.

[1781,:

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for crewing a new gaol, and for removing certain gateway!, in the city of Gloucester; and for amending the several acts passed forlhe maintenance and support of the poor of the said city, and lightingt paving, and regulating the ftr$ets there.

[Preamble.]

That the present gaol being in one of the principal ftieets is

inconvenient and in decay. Commissioners, the mayor of Gloucester, 19 of the aldermen and common council, and0 other persons. To be chosen out of the several parches and college precinct by a majority of the inhabitants, in certain proportions. Persons to be of for life, except as /ifter. Commissioners to be resident, and to have in right of himieif or wife 10 1. per ann. freehold, or lease of 151, per ann. or renting a hou e of 201. per ann. and so rated to the poor. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501, to be recovered by act. n of debt, on proof of hating ade<j. New of to be chosen by inhabitants. Victuallers not to be of Meetings of of, 5thtuefday after paling the ad, and may adjourn for 14. days on notice, C Hours of business betwten 10 in the forenoon and in the afternoon. A chairman to be appointed who shall have the calling vote. All proceedings ofcoramif sioners to be at meetings, C Commiflipuers not to hold places of profit, chut being justices may ad as such, and may appoint officers, and allow them falanes. Officers to account if they refuie to account and pay the balance, they may be taken before a justice. Balance may be levied by diitrels. On failure of distress, dec. the officer may be committed tillaccounts are settled Power to treat for preiniles mentioned in the 'schedule to the ad. jnc^p^citaipd persons irapowered to treat. In case parties do not agree, value of premises to be ascertained by a jury. Jury to be summoned, and may be^challenged. Witnessrs may be examined on o^tb. Judgement of commdfcojiers to be finsj. Coromiflloiters may fine flic; ills, C making default. Expenses of the jury, C if verdict for more V tbap offered, to be defrayed by the of, 'if for less by the party.

On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed to the of Ipcafe of defective title, C purchase money to be lodged in the h^qds; of Re treasurer. Mortgagees to convey in 6 months after notice ob payment. Occupiers at rack relit, of any premises purch^fed by <^j)>missioners, to give up poffdljon thereof after 6 months notice. Com ipiffiopers to Build a new gaol. ' Sheriffs to have the keeping thereof, and tp repove prisoners thijther. Until a new. gaol bp built, ibenffs to remove jjrupntrs Irom the old gaol to Re gaol f Jbe coupty of Gloucester. The cap shall be (axed ain 1780. Comniiflioriers empowered to raise 3.4 po I. for Re aforesaid purposes; and toaicertain the sums to be paid by te respective parishes, Scc. 'The powers relating to the new gaol not to' intend beyond the limits of Re city of Gloucester. Entries to be made - in books py bills and accounts. Corporation not to be exempted from ufq'al]§tc. Ad 4 Geo. 3. C recifed. Places not in the county of tje^city, which have bpep uflndly rated to the pyor within th? pity, to he subject to the jurisdiction of city justices and guardians of the popr. The premises nevertheless to continue to be part of the county of Gloucester. jwtipe$ tp gd^ to Re ceo^ip^tea of money wanted for the poor mpo$y luffic^qt to make gpjo*) Re county flock, pertyn* aggrieved by the rate, ipay appeal to twojnflices} who shall determine the same. Justices to continue the hearing of appeals from day today until determined. If rates generally deftdive, justices may qualh them, and order others to hi ipade. No Certiorari to be allowed nil rates paid. Persons payineta the rates within the cify gpod witnesses. Perfops summoned as wtpelfy, not attending, to forfeit 5l. The poor's rates shall be published in several churches named in the at. Settlements of ballards to follow that of the mothers, if known. In case workhouse or house of correction shall be (hut up, lunatics or idiots to be returned to the places whence they were re <*iv$d. county flock to be settled ip junonth after Easter yearly. Work

- i house

1781.] Anno yi#flnjo pritno Geoitch MI. 0.75.

boijfe accounts so be settled a 3 April yearly. Persons chosen guardians, re*fugog to act to forfeit, governor 10 1, deputy governor 7l. ios, assistant or guardian 5i, Guardians not compellable to serve a second time within tour years, or aiter 60 years of age. Penalty of 5 s. on guardians not amending, or departing without leave. Lamps may be ordered to be lighted in dark nights, and omitted in moon light nights, between §9 Sept, and5 Mar. College precinct and garden grounds for sale of produce not to be taxed. Justices to ascertain arrears of rates. Recital of part of the paving aft 17 Geo. , 3- C 68. Justices to ascertain the proportions of arrears of the expenses of obtaining he laid aft, and to order a rate. Overseers refuting to make the rate, tp forfeit as much as ordered £0 be raided. The property of the soil a the it recti, not taken away by the inhabitants, to belong to tbt parifo to be taken away by the scavenger, Ac. Obliging furneyorsto account., Penalty on flaughtcring cattle, C in the four principal dreets, C so. for the first offence, nos. for the second, and 5l. for the third, open moiety to thj informer. Cattle not to be exposed ta sale iu either of the four principal streets, con penalty of 10 s. half to the informer. The furueyors to give notice to inhabitants to setup outs to bring the water down the (ides of the building fa case of negkft, the surveyors to do it.pt their pppence. For building party walli, on penalty of 5l. Letting dogs go unatuzgfed, penalty 5 s. Mayor enabled to order dogs to be (hut up. Expenses of paving before bourns void, to be recovered of the next tenant. Not to alter agreement between landlord and tenant. Scavengers to take away the aes, C from houses. Penalty on negfeft sop. and not left than 5 $. Appointment of surveyora as by former act. Expenses of this act to be paid out of vagrant money. or poor's rate in two years. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving % 1 days notice. If the corporation of Gloucester are in % teretted in the appeal, it shall be to the county sessions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by didrefs and applied to the use of the poor in the workhouse. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders in this form.

BE it remembered, That on the in the year"

A.B. is convicted before me, for us, C D. E. F.J of his majesty's justices of the peace for the city of glou ctfterj [specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be]

Given under my [or, our] hand and seal, [or, hands and seals], the day and year sod above written.

[Public act.]

Distress not unlawful for want of form, nor the party deftraining a tref pafler ab initio. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Misnomers, or wrong deferip tien of premises, not to prevent the execution of this at. Writings to be. witjiout (lamps. Limitation of actions, not before si days notice, nor after 6 month. General issue. Treble costs. Act not to extend to purchagng Nortligate, City Prison. Lower Northgate or Southgate.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for appointing new commifjidrteris for continuing to carry inta execution the trulls and powers of ait act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for making the river Stower navigable, ' from the town of Maningtree, ill' the county of Essex, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, in the room and place of those named in the said act who are (ince dead^and for explaining and amending the said actj and for other purposea therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Recital of an act aitn.c. 15. Commissioner* namee. Pive com mifitonert may aft. General meetings of commissioner list Monday in stpt. 1781! and lad Moaday i ftp, ycarift and ta defray tfaecr owfe ex

peace.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 76. [tyli.

[Public act.]

pencet. New of to be appointed by seven or more commit Sorters at a yearly meeting. Land for towingpatht to be set oat. If par tie cannot agree, a jury to be furamoned. Fortner rents to landoatiers not to be diminished. Undertakers to make towingpaths. Not to affect owners right of soil. Proprietors to maintain bridges, gates, C and keep the bed of the river deepened and cleansed; and the locks, C in repair. In default of their so doing, of to order the same to be done. Owners of boats, See. to paint their names and numbers thereon, and register the same, on penalty of 5l. Stones or posts to be setup to mark the height of the water. Oue lock of water only for one gang of barg^. Powers for the of to make byelaws. Fines and penalties to be recovered by distrefe and sale. Entries to be inspected, and copies granted. Persons employed in towing vessels, for trespasset to make good the damages, and forfeit 50 s. to be levied by distress. landowners or tenants not to seize horses for trespaites. Persons injuring the navigation to forfeit sol. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the miller, owner or occupier of land, or to the treasurer, to make good the damages. Offender may be committed to the house of corredkm for three calendar months. Millers and others obstructing the navigation to forfeit aol. to be recovered as other penalties, and a moiety to the informer and the other to the treasurer for the use of the proprietors. Millers to make satisfaction for damages. Bareertien embezzling goods, C to forfeit 51, to be levied by distrefe, and in default thereof, the offender to be committed to the house of correction in Suffolk or Edex for three calendar months, Former act to remain in force. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions, in six calendar months. General issue. Treble costs. Expense s of this act to be paid by the proprietors.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for building a new church and redory house within the parish of } Efcrick, in the county of York; and for confirming an agreement with the rector of the said parish, for exchanging and exonerating from tithes certain lands and tenements in Efcrick aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

That Beilby thompson, Esq; is lord of the manor and pitroa of thoparish church of Efcrick, and ieized ia see of all the open fields there. The glebe lands and parsonage veiled in Mr. Thompson; alb the present church, chanoel, and churchyard. The tithes of Mr. Thompson's lands in the township of Efcrick extinguished. Rector to be indtied to the tithes to the time of passing the ad. Annual relit, equal to the value of 353 bushels of wheat, payable to the rector, in part satisfaction for the glebe and tithes. Justices or assize to ascertain the price of wheat at the end of every twenty-one years, if applied to for that purpose. Relit charge, if unpaid for a8 days, to be recovered by distress? if unpaid for 60 days, by entry, and receipt of profits. Grounds vested in the rector in further satisfaction for his glebe and tithes, particularly mentioned, containing 85 acres, 1 rood, and 19 perches. Mr. Thompson empowered to take to his own use all trees of the girth of 30 inches within two yean. Mr. Thompson to indofe land for the new redory house, and to take down the present redory house? and to build a new redory house, and outbuildings thereto in 3 years j and also to take down the present church. The bells to be removed to the new church. Mr. Thompson to ered a new church in the said 3 years; and may make a vault or busying place under the church, for his own family and friends? and have the first choice of pews. The new church to be deemed the parish church. The rector to have same eftete in the new church as in the old t and Mr. Thompfen, as patron, to have the same right of presentation as he now hath. The new parsonage house and chancel to be kept in repair by the rector; and the body of the church by the occupiers of lands and tenements in the parish. Saving surplice feet and mortuaries to the rector, rector's lands pot to be assessed to church rates. General taring.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 77 st. 4$*

CAP. lxxvn.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the 'power j, of two acts of the ninth and twenty-eighth yean of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair such part of the roads defer ibed in the last mentioned act at leads from the end of Culham Bridget to Culham, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks $ and from The mayor's Scone at the end of Boat Street, in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town offy field, in the same county.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made tin, thefirji year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading frojn the town of Falmouth, in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the westward' of the said, and bridge.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowftownnefsty the west of the borough of Linlinthgow, end

by the towns/torphichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence southward to the confines of the county^Linlithgow

or near Hollhouseburn,

CAP. LXXX.

An act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the < town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint $ and for repealing an act, made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as the Jame relates to the said road.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the riign of his late majesty King George the - Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the turpike road near the west end of the town of chejfter field to Matlock Bridge, and also the road leading out of the said road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green and also the road leading out of the last mentioned road to the turnpike road near Rowefly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 82-^w.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Wilmslow Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the county of \chester, through Nether Alderlcy and the town of Corigleton, to or near the Red Ball in Chuxth Lawton, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairings widening, and altering the road from the on font turnpike road upon Greenhifl Moor, near Norton, in the county of Derby, to Hathersage, in the same county, through tie several parishes of Norton, dr&nfield, and Hathersage, in lit'said county of Derby; and also the road from the road leading from Chesterfield to Hemftone Lane Head, near Stoney mid dleton, to Totley, through the several parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the Jaii county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powtn of an acts mode in the thirty second year of the reign of his ku majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plymton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXW

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in tit

m second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An t for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Leicester and War wicky and in the county of the city of Coventry.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for continuing and amending an act made in the thirty third year of his late majesty King George the Seconds for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to the borrough of Laumejton, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a certain gate ok the turpike toady at or near the south end of the town of Westort on the Green, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road Oft kid lington Green, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for continuing the term cf art act made in the twenty feveati

1*

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 89 — 93.

year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said county, and Feckenbam, to a place called Bradly Brook, in the county of Worcester; and from Alee fiery through Great Coughton and Crjir Cross, in the said county of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burr cot ty to the Cross of Hands y on a Common called The Letkbay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnelly to Bromsgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aby passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second ibr amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads from the borough of Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-zouch in the county of Leicester^ and from Sawley Ferry in the said county to a.turnpike gate at or near the end of swarcliff-laney leading to, and in the pahfh of, Ashby-de-la-zouch aforesaid

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eastern end of the borough of Grampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Aufiell and Lostwithiely and from thence to the east end of the Western tapbouse lane in the said county.

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an aby made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from deanburn bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to corn hilly in the county of Durham.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aby made in the thirty third year of Hs late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feverat roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick \ and for amending and keeping in repair the road branching from part of the said roadsy between Meafham in the said county of Derby, and burton upon trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The Bull's Head &lc house, in Twycross, in the said county ofleicester.

463

CAP. lxxxix.

CAP. XC.

CAP. XCL

CAP. XCII.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for continuing the term, % and fluting, and tnlarging thrpow

trs.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 94 — -98. [ 178r.

crt of so trmh of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley* and from p ydmost o holly Hall, and from cioty Gate to halefowen, and from turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednol gre^ri, in the parkh' of king's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the5/// Itin. at \ndrthjfetii, in the counties of Wortefltr, Stafford, and Salop as related tojhe road from Dudley Wood to \ Rednal, Green, and from Cartels Lane to the Beil Inn at Northfield.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the highroad from Westwood Gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artie borough Bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the parish of Barton Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

---

CAP. XCV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of so much of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening certain roads therein described, as relate to the roads from Otley to Skipton, in the county of York; from Skipton to Colne, in the county Lancaster; from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said county.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county of York, to a place called Blue Belly near Colne, in the county of Lancaster; and from a place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said county of York.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads there in described, so far as the same relate to the road from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-stone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said county,

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 99 - 103.

for repairing several roads, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otley in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending, the road from Cocking End, neat Addingham, in the west riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. C

An act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the stones end in Kent Street, in the parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Kent and Surry; and for other purposes

CAP. CI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn, in the said county of Berks; and for amending the road through Pidgeon Lane instead of the said road through Halfpenny Lane.

CAP. CII.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of so much of an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the county of Lancaster, as relates to the roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge.

CAP. CIII.

An act for enabling the trustees for executing two acts, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Kettering, in the county of Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, to take down the turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said county of Bucks, and to remove the same to the north end of Sherrington Bridge, in the said county.

466 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c. 104 — 106. [1781.

CAP. CIV.

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Chard to the end of West Moor, and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate, and from the west end of Peas Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilmister, and from White Cross, to Chillington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. CV.

An act for continuing the term of an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intitled, An act for amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Inn in the parish of Winstantow in the county of Salop; and also the road from Blue-mantle Hall near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said county of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

CAP. CVI.

An act for more effectually repairing the road from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of Hillmorton, in the county of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's End, in the parish of Duston, in the county of Northampton; and for repealing the several laws now in force relating to the said road.

[Index Removed.]

