THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Second to the 9th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XVI.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Second to the Ninth Year of King George II.

Anno 2 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1729. and for making good the deficiency of a late malt aCf.

Cap. 2. For punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For raifing the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thou-fand pounds, by fale of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centutn per amurn, redeemable by parliament; and for applying the produce of the finking fund.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year 1729.

Cap. 5. For repairing the roads leading from CannaPs Gate to the city of Lichfield, and from the faid city to Stone, and from thence to the end of the county of Stafford, in the poll road towards Ghefter; and alfo from the town of Burton upon Trent, to the faid city of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood End and Ogley Hay; and alfo from the faid city of Lichfield, to High Bridges in the county of Stajfiord^nA the county of the faid city of Lichfield.

Vcl* XVI,

Cap. 6. For making good the lofs occafioned by a fum of money being ftolen out of his  Majesty’s exchequer, in the year 1724.

Cap. 7. For the more effe&ual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland\ and other parts of his  Majesty’s dominions, the duties granted for the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich,

Cap. 8. To difcharge the truftees appointed by an act of the feventh year of his late  Majesty’s reign (for raifing money upon the eftates of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others) of their truft* and to veft in the faid company fuch of the eftates, which were vefted in the faid truftees, as remain un-difpofed of, as alfo the produce of fuch eftates and effeCts, as have been difpofed of by the truftees. Cap. 9. To repeal a claufe in an a'Cfc made in the ninth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, which prohibits the importation of tobacco ftripc from the (talk or ftem.

Cap, 10. For making the hamlet of Spittle Fields, in the pari fir of St. Dunftan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlefiex, a di-ftinCt parifh; and for providing a maintenance for the miuifter of fuqh new-parifh.

Cap 11. For better paving and cleaning the ftreets in the city and liberty of Wefiminfier, and other places within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Mid* dlefe*\

a	Cap,	12,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 12. For the more effectual repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horjley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

Cap. 13. For repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Lcominfter, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 14. For making more effectual the acts pafled for repairing the roads from the ftones end in Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefex, to the furthermoft part of the northern road in the parifh of Enfield, in the fame county, next to the pa-. rifh of Chefimnt in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from the watch-houfe in Ed-munton, to the market place in Enfold.

Cap. 15. To explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, Jn aft to prevent abufes in the making of bricks and tiles, and to afcertain the di-• menfions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations among ft any brick-makers or tile makers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order ■to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles.

Cap. 16. To make the chapel of eafe of the holy and undivided Trinity in the town of Leeds, in the county of York, a perpetual cure and benefice ; and for defraying of fome ex-pences in finifhing the faid chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

Cap. 17. For laying a duty upon compound waters or fpirits, and for li-cenfing the retailers thereof.

Cap. 18. To afcertain the cuftom payable for corn and grain imported ; for better afcertaining the price and quantity of corn and grain, for which a bounty is payable upon exportation ; for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of

parliament; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

Cap. 19. For regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving the oyfter fifhery in the river Medway and waters thereof, under the authority of the mayor and citizens of the city of Rochejler in the county of Kent.

Cap. 20. For the relief of infolvei^t debtors.

Cap. 2i. For the trial of murders, in cafes where either the ftroke or death only happens within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 22. For the relief of debtors, with refpect to the imprifonment of their perfons.

Cap. 23. For the better regulation of attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 24. For the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to lerve in parliament.

Cap. 25. For the more effectual preventing, and further punifhment of forgery, perjury, and fubornation of perjury; and to make it felony to deal bonds, notes or other fecu* rities, for payment of money.

Cap. 26. For making more effectual feveral acts paffed relating to watermen, wherrymen and lightermen, rowing on the river Thames, and for better ordering and govern* ing fuch watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen.

Cap. 27. To enable her Majesty to be regent of this kingdom, during his  Majesty’s absence, without taking the oaths.

Cap. 28. To revive the laws therein mentioned, relating to the importation. of foreign brandy, and other waters and fpirits ; for importation, of cochineal; to continue feveral acts for preventing frauds in the cuftoms ; for encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom ;

' for making copper ore of the Bri-tijh plantations an enumerated commodity ; for making perpetual an act therein mentioned, for fuppref-fing of piracy; for enabling per-fons profecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis; far more effectual debarring of unlawful games ; for licenfing retailers of brandy, and other diftilled liquors, and for better regulation of licences for common inns and ale-houfes.

Cap. 29. To impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate church of Man-chejier, during fuch time as the war-denftiip of the faid church is or fhall he held in Commendam with

- the bilhoprick of Chejier.

Cap. 30. For making the hamlet of Wapping Stepneyi in the parifh of St. Dunjian Stehunheath, alias Step-ney^ in the county of Middlefex, a diftind parifh, and for providing a maintenance for the mini’fter of the new church there.

Cap. 31. For indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify them-felves for offices or employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose ; and for repealing fo much of an ad of parliament paffed in the firft year of his late rnajefty King George the Firft, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices or employments within three months, and for limiting other times for fuch qualifications; as alfo for the repeal of fo much of an ad paffed 30 Car. 2. as relates to the fworn fervants of. the King’s or Queen’s majefty.

Cap. 32. To itnpower his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, during the life of Thomas Bambridge efq; to grant the office of warden of the prifon of the Fleet, to fuch perfon or perfons as his Majesty (hall think fit; and to incapacitate the laid Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the

faid office, or any other whatfoever.

Cap. 33. For obviating any doubts or difficulties that may arife from an ad paffed in the firft year of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the thirteenth year of his late Ma~ Jeffs reign, intituled, An ad for fale of fuch of the forfeited^eftates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vefted in the crown ; and for determining fuch claims on the faid eftates, as, having been duly en-tj-ed, remain undetermined.

Cap. 34. For eftablifhing an agreement with feven of the lords proprietors of Carolina, for the furren-der of their title and intereft in that province to his Majefty.

Cap. 35. For the better prefervation of his  Majesty’s woods in America, and for the encouragement of the importation of naval ftores from thence ; and to encourage the importation of mafts, yards and bow-fprights, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 36. For the better regulation and government of leamen in the merchants fervice.

Private /ffts.

Anno 2 G-eorgii II.

1.	An ad to naturalize Peter Frere Bt'otherfon.

2.	An ad for exemplifying the feveral wills and codicils of James}ate earl of Anglefey, and John late earl of Anglefey, and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

3.	An ad to enable Thomas Scawen efq; and others, to make leafes of feveral manors and lands in Corn-wall) according to the cuftom of that county, and of the feveral manors in which the fame do lie.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Peter La-pierre, John Stephen Benezetv Stephen

a	Teiffier^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

A TABLE of the

Teijfter^GodfreySchreve, and others.

5.	An ad for naturalizing John Jacob DilleniuSy Bridget Foliar dy and John Elout.

6.	An ad for naturalizing James Pajfano.

7.	An ad for fale of two undivided fourth parts of the manor and lands of and in Steaney in the county of Northamptony the inheritance of the right honourable the lady Mary Grey and Jemima Campbelly and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of an entire eftate to be fettled to the fame ufes.

8.	An ad for fettling the eftates of John earl of Grandijon in the kingdom of Irelandy and James Fitzgerald Villiers efq; commonly called lord VillierSy his fon and heir-apparent, purfuant to an agreement made before, and in confideration of, the marriage of the faid lord Villiers with Jane his wife.

9.	An a d for felling part of the fettled ellate (lying in the county of Lancajler) of Richard lord vifeount Molyneux in the kingdom of Irelandy for rnifmg money to dilcharge his father’s incumbrances thereon, and likewife for making provifion for his brothers and fillers, and for the payment of his own debts, and for fettling other lands as an equivalent for the fame.

10- An ad to enable Plenry Chaytor gent, to limit a jointure to a wife, ' and to let leafes for twenty one years of his eftate at Croft in the county of York.

11.	An ad to enable Robert Cotef-zvortb efq; to fell part of an eftate held by leafe of the bifhop of Durham y for difeharge of his debts.

12.	An afor the more effectual putting in execution an ad of parliament made and palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An all for the fale of feveral

STATUTES.

eftates of Henry Grey tfq\ in' the county of Southampton, and for fet-tling other efates of equal value in the counties of Berks and Wilts to the fame ufes.

13.	An ad to veil: feveral mefluages, lands and tenements, in the parifh of Stoke Canony in the county of DevoUy in trurtees, to be fold for the payment of the debts Bamfyld Rodd efq; deceafed.

14.	An ad for veiling in Thomas Lamplugh clerk, and his heirs, the redory of Felkirk in the county of Yorky being leafehold for three lives, comprifed in his marriage fettle-ment; and for fettling other fee fimple lands and tenements in PottOy in the fame county, of better value, in lieu thereof.

15.	An ad for verting in trurtees the feveral manors ana lands therein mentioned, the ellate of Henry Per-roty efq; in truft for him and his heirs, free from the charges of his marriage fettlement, on his fettling other ellates of greater value to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

16.	An ad for fale of part of the ellate of Walter Radcliffe efq; in the counties of Devon and Somerfety and for fettling other lands of equal value, in the faid county of Devorty to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

17.	An ad for verting all the lands and hereditaments in the county of Tipperary in the kingdom of Irelandy late the eftate of Godfrey Boate efq; (late one of the jullices of his  Majesty’s court of king’s bench, in that kingdom) deceafed, in trurtees, to be fold for the payment of the debts of the faid Godfrey BoatCy and for other purpofes.

18.	An ad for fale of the eftate of William Carter efq; in the counties of Denbighy Flinty and Carnarvon, and to fettle other manors and lands in the county of Lincofay of greater value, to the fame ufes.

19.	An ad for inclortng part of a common called Barnet Common, belonging to the manor of Chipping Bar-net^ in the county of Hertford, and for vefting a certain annual rent charge in truftees, for the benefit of the poor of the parilh of Chipping Barnet for ever.

20.	An a<5l for vefting the advowfon of the vicarage of Braffertony in the county of York, in his Majesty, in exchange for the advowfon of the vicarage of Bijhopthorp, in the fame county, thereby vefted in the arch-bilhop of York,

21.	An a<5t to enable William Grey-ham, fon of John Greyham, late alderman of Drogheda, in the kingdom of Ireldnd, to make leafes of feveral parts of his eftate in the counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the county of the town of Dro~ gheda, for the better improvement thereof.

22.	An a& for dividing and inclofing the common called Elf don Common, in the parifh of ElJdony in the county of Northumberland.

23.	An acft for exemplifying the 3aft will of Edmund Warneford efq; and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland'.

24.	An act to enable Kinard de la Bere efq; committee of the eftate of Thomas Ridler efq; a lunatick, to fell and difpofe of part of the per-fonal eftate of the faid lunatick, for the payment of his debts.

25.	An act for inclofing Aldham and Boyne commons, belonging to the parilh of Hadleigh in the county of Suffolk, for the better maintenance of the poor of the faid parilh.

26.	An a6f to enable James Moore, and his iflue male, to take the fur-name of Srnythe^ according to the will of William Srnythe elq; deceased, and for vefting in truftees, two thousand three hundred and fixteen pounds, fixteen (hillings and ten

. pence, South-Sea annuities, part of

the eftate of the faid William Srnythe, to be fold for the purpofes therein mentioned.

27.	An a6f for confirming the in-clofure and divifion of the common fields and common grounds within the parilh of Thurnfcoe in the county of York.

28.	An act for confirming exchanges, allotments, divifions and inclofures of lands in the parilh of Wick-Rf-fington in the county of Gloucejler; and for eftablilhing the payment of a yearly fum to the re£tor, and his fucceffors, in lieu of tythes, purfu-ant to agreements between Vincent Oakley efq; deceafed; and the other proprietors of the faid lands.

29.	An act to enable Humfrey Wyrley

, Birch efq; and his heirs, and iflue

male, to take and ufe the furname of Wyrley, purfuant to the deed of fettlement made on the marriage of Peter Birch dodtor in divinity, with the daughter of Humfrey Wyrley efq; deceafed.

30.	An a61 to enable Arthur Geoghe-gany alias Staffer dy efq; to take upon him the furname of Stafford only.

31.	An adf to diflblve the marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

32.	An act for naturalizing John Jullian and Ifaac Panchaud.

Anno 3 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1730.

Cap. 2. For punilhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quar-> ters.

Cap. 3. For providing a maintenance for the minifter of the parrfh church of St, Mary Stratford Bowy in the county of Middlefev.

a 3	Cap.	4,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 4. For making more effectual an act paffed in the eleventh yfear of the reign of his late majefcy King George the Firft, for repairing and widening the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chappie in the Frith in the county of Derby n Manchejler in the county ol Lancajhr.

Cap. 5. To enable his Majesty to prohibit any perfon or persons, his Majesty's fubjeds, or redding within this kingdom., to advance or lend any fum or fums of money to any foreign prince, ftate, or potentate, without licence obtained from his Majesty under his privy fea), or fome greater authority.

Cap. 6. For making more effedual an ad paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads therein mentioned between Crackley Bank in the parifh of Id-fall, alias Sbiffnall, and the town of Shrewfbury in the county of Salop. Cap. 7. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England ; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1730. for exempting from the faid duties cyder and perry ufed for diftilling; for afcertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation ; for making good the deficiency of a late malt ad; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrads.

Cap. 8. For the better regulating e-Jedions in the city of Norwich, and for preferving the peace, good order, and government of the faid city.

Cap. 9. For repairing the road lead-

ing from a gate called Shipfton Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parifh of Old Stratford, in the bounty of Warwick, through Alderminjler and Shipfton upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the faidcounty.

Cap. 10. For repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the parifh of South Mims in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

Cap. ii. For reviving and amending an ad made in the fixth and fe-venth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An all to prevent exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames wefiward, and for afcertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river.

Cap. 12. For importing fait from Europe into the colony of New York in America.

Cap. 13. For making navigable the river Stroudwatef in the county of Gloucefier, from the Severn, at or near Ffamiload, to Wallbridge near the town of Stroud in the fame county.

Cap. 14. For reducing the annuity or fund of the united Eaft-India company, and for afcertaining' their right of trade to the Eaft-Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpofe, upon the terms therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham, which lies' next to the city of Ro-chefier, to St. Durfiarfs Crofs near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for repealing fo much of a former ad, as appropriates part of the money arifing by the tolls or duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham, and Bought on under the Blean, in the faid county of Kent.

Cap. 16. For railing five hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills, towards the fop ply granted to his Majesty and for the further application of the produce of the finking fund ; for applying the arrears of former land-taxes; for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for giving relief with refpedl to an overpayment to the land-tax, for the year 1721. by the receiver general fdr the county of Salop.

Cap. 17. For making the hamlet of Limehoufe, and part of the hamlet of Rat cliffe, in the parifh of JSt. Dunjian Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middkfex, a di~ ftindt pariflh, and for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church there.

Cap. 18. For repairing the feveral roads leading into the city of Hereford.

Cap. 19. For providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church near Bloomfbury Market in the county of Middkfex \ and for making more effectual an act passed in the fourth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, for impowering the commiftioners for building the fifty new churches, to direct the parifh .church of St. Giles in the Fields; in the faid county, to be rebuilt, inftead of one of the faid fifty new churches.

Cap. 20. For taking off certain duties on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds, that may happen thereby > and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the Eajl-india company, on the aggregate fund * and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Matthew Page deceafed, in refpecft of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year I724-

Cap. 21. For repairing and amending the feveral roads leading from Woodjlocky through KidfUngtou and

STATUTES.

Enjlon, to Roll Right Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kicldington aforefaid, in the county of Oxon.

Cap. 22. For amending theadts therein mentioned relating to the making of bricks.

Cap. 23. For amending and making more effectual an a£t made in the fecond and third years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled,

; An off for the ere fling a workhoufe in the city of Worcefter, and for fet-ting the poor on work there.

Cap. 24. For making a new road* and for repairing and amending the antient road, between the towns of Wifbecb and March, in the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 25, For the better regulation of juries.

Cap. 26. For the better regulation of the coal trade.

Cap. 27. For explaining and amending an adt made in the I a ft fefsion of parliament, intituled, An afl for the relief of debtors, with refpefl to the imprifonment of their perfons.

Cap. 28I For granting liberty to carry rice from his  Majesty’s province of Carolina in America direcftly to any part of Europe fouthward of cape Finiferre, in fhips, built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

Cap. 29. For continuing and amending an act for regulating the price and afsize of bread \ for relief of bankrupts, whofe certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late a<5t (for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts) for allowing further time for inroll-ment of deeds or wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers and leffees; and for making further provifr n concerning certificates relating to the fettle-men ts of poor perfons, and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated perfons.

Cap. 30. To put an end to certain a j.	<hf-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

difputes touching orders and decrees made in the court of chancery;

Cap. 31. For the admiflion and regulation of brokers within the city of Brijlol.

Cap. 32. For enabling the judges of the court of feflion in Scotland, to make an adjournment of the faid court; and for limiting the time for the execution of fentences importing corporal punifhments, in

, that part of the kingdom.

Cap. 33. For providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new parifh church of St. Nicholas Deptford, in the counties of 'Kent and Surrey, and for making the fame a diftinft parifh.

Cap. 34. For repairing feveral roads leading into the town of Bridgewater in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 35. For making the afts of the firft and feventh years of his late  Majesty’s reign (for making the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks) more effectual.

Cap. 36. For confirming a patent granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench efq; deceaf-ed, for erecting a lighthoufe upon the ifland or rock called Skerries, and for the better maintenance of the faid lighthoufe, and for making the duties granted for maintaining the fame perpetual.

Cap. 37. To explain, amend, and render more effeftual an aft made in the tenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for repair ingthe roads leading from Stump-Crofs, in the parifh of Chefterford in the county of Effex, to Newmar-ket-Heath, and the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge, and alfo an aft made in the eleventh year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a ft for repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the end of the

parifh of Foulmire in the faid county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington-Street, in the town of Cambridge.

Private Adis. ■

Anno 3 Georgii II.

r. An a ft for naturalizing Paul Terras, and others.

2.	An aft for naturalizing Herman Broyel.

3.	An act to inclofe divers commons and parcels of wafte grounds, lying and being in the townfhip of Claughton, in the parifh of Garflang, and county palatine of Lancafler.

4.	An aft for inclofing feveral common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Lillington in the county of Warwick.

5.	An act to confirm an agreement for inclofing the common fields, downs, wafte and uninclofed lands, part of the manor of Mixbury, in the county of Oxon, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

6.	An aft for inclofing part of the wafte or common called Eaft Willow-Common, belonging to the manor and tithing of Eaft Wellow, in the county of Southampton, and for vefting a certain annual rent charge in truftees, for the benefit of the poor of the tithing of Eaft Wellow aforefaid for ever.

7.	An aft for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parifh of Horning-hold, in the county of Leicefer.

8.	An aft for vefting the manor of Okeley, and other lands in the county of Bucks, in truft tor'Charles lord Cadogan, and his heirs, and for fettling other lands of equal value in the counties of Oxon and Berks, to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

9.	An aft for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, and others.

10. An



ABLE of the STATUTES.

10.	An aft for obliging Henry duke of Beaufort, and Frances duchefs, of Beaufort, and her children, to take the additional furname, and bear the arms of Scudamore, purfuant to a fettlement made by fames late lord Scudamore in the kingdom of Ireland; and for veiling in the faid duke, in fee, the manors of Wick-hall and Ditton Camois, and lands in the county of Cambridge, late the eftate of the faid lord Scudamore, in lieu of the portion provided by him for his daughter the faid duchefs ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

11.	An aft for veiling the manor of Claxby, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln, the eftate of the honourable James Cavendifb efq; in truflees, to be fold for difeharging 4,2001. fecured upon thofe, and other lands.

12.	An a6l for veiling the ellate of Richard late earl of Ranelagh, in the kingdom of Ireland, lying in the counties of Middlefex and Berks, in trullees, to be fold for the ufes therein mentioned.

13.	An aft for inclofing feveral Common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the hamlet of WeIfbourne Mountfort, in the parifh of Weifbourne Haftings, in the county of Warwick.

14.	An aft for the fale of the manor of Hickling, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Nottingham, late the ellate of Margaret duchefs dowager of Newcaflle, and intailed by her will ; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of another ellate, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

15.	An a61 for enlarging the power of Sir Charles Mordaunt bart. to make a jointure.

16.	An a61 for veiling the ellate of Sir fames Lumley bart. in trullees, for raifing monies by fale or mort-

gage thereof, for the payment of his debts.

17.	An act to enable trullees to make leafes of the ellate late of Sir William Dodwell knt. deceafed, during the infancy of Mary Dodwell his only child, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

18.	An aft for repealing part of an aft pafied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majelly King George the Firfi, intituled. An aft for vefing part of the eflate of Moyle Breton efq\ in truftees, to be fold for the raifing 3,0001. charged on the other part of the fame eftate, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and for appointing other lands to be fold, than by the faid aft are di-refted*

19.	An aft for confirming a conveyance and furrenders of certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, by Roger Satisfatty and femima Satisfatt, both infants, unto Edivard lord bilhop of Coventry and Lichfield.

20* An aft for rellraining Thomas Jervoife junior, efq; a lunatick, from marrying, or aliening, dif-poling, or incumbring, his eftate, during his lunacy, and for raifing portions for his filler's children, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An aft for relief of dame Elizabeth Dudley, relating to an eftate in the kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the crown, during the life of William Kennedy her great uncle.

Anno 4 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majelly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1731*

Cap. 2» For punilhing mutiny and

de-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters .

Cap. 3. For repairing the roads leading from the moft fouthern part of Butt Lane in the parifh of Lawton, in the county palatine of Cbejier, to Lawton,and from thence to Hen-Jhal\ Smithy upon Cranage Green in the faid county.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be railed m Great Britain for the fervice of the year 1731.

Cap. 5. For the further application of the finking fund, by paying off one million of Soutb-Sea annuities.

Cap. 6. To indemnify perforis who through ignorance of law have o-mitted to qualify themfelves for employments or offices, by taking the oaths, and making and fubfcrib-ing the declaration againft tranfub-ftantiation, and receiving the facra-ment; and members of corporations, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and perfons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their affent and con-fent to the fame, according to law, upon the terms therein mentioned.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an a& made in the third year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better regulation of juries, fo far as the fame relates to the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 8. For the more effectual repairing the road leading from God-Jlone in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, at the entrance into Afb-down Forefi in the parifh of Eaft Grinjiead, in the county of 'Suffex.

Cap* 9- For raifing one million two ■hundred thousand pounds by an-

. nuities, and a lottery, in manner ■jtfaerein mentioned ; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this leffion of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders

loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 10. To enable ideots and lutfa-ticks, who are feifed or poffefled of eftates in fee, or for Jives, or terms of years, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances, furrenders, or affignments of fuch eftates.

Cap. 11. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny ferling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Dundee, and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the faid town, repairing the harbour there, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

Cap. 13. For the further continuing the duties granted by an a6l paffed in the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, and continued by an act paffed in the year one thousand feven hundred and feven, for paying off the debts of the town of Aberdeen, and for the other pub-lick ufes of the faid town.

Cap. 14. To prevent frauds in . the revenue of excife, with refped to ftarch, coffee, tea, and chocolate.

Cap. 15. For importing from his  Majesty’s plantations in America, dire&ly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any a<5t of parliament.

Cap. 16. To prevent the ftealing of linen, fuftian and cotton goods and wares, from fields, grounds, and other places, ufed for whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame.

Cap. 17. For repairing and keeping in repair the pier or piers, and harbour of Newhaven in the county of Sujfex.

Cap. 18. To prevent counterfeiting the paffes commonly called Mediterranean paffes.

£ap, ig.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. rg. For repairing and keeping in repair the pier apd harbour of //-fordcvmbe in the county of Devon. Cap. 2,0. For rebuilding the parifti church of Gravefend, in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two aCts of parliament, one made in the -ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Cap, 21. To explain a claufe in an aCt made in the feventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for naturalizing foreign protejlants) which relates to the children of the natural-born fubjeCts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain. Cap. 22. To explain and amend an aCt paffed in the thirteenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for amending the feveral roads leading from the city ^/' Briftol.

Cap. 23. For repairing the road leading from Chappel on the Heathy in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hilly in the county of Gloucefer.

Cap. 24. To explain and amend a claufe in an aCt paffed in the fecond year of his  Majesty’s reign (for making more effectual feveral afts relating to watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, rowing on the river Thames) lb far as the fame relates to ferry-boats, and flat-bott;omed boats-

Cap. 25. For confirming an agreement lately entred into between the mayor, aldermen and citizens of the city of Worcejlery and the guardians of the poor of the faid city, for continuing the hop-market of the faid city in the workhoufe there; and for veiling the right of the faid mayor, aldermen and citizens, of keeping a hop-market in the faid city, in the guardians of the poor of the faid city, and their fucceflors for ever.

Cap. 26. TJaat all proceedings in

courts of juftice, within that part of Great Britain called England% and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, (half be in the EngliJI) language.

Cap. 27. For further encouraging the manufacture of Britijh fail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned ; and allowing an additional bounty on Britijh made fail-cloth exported ; and for damping Britijh made fail-cloth with the name and place of abode of the maker.

Cap. 28. For the more effeCtugl preventing frauds committed by tenants, and for the more eafy recovery of rents, and renewal of leafes.

Cap. 29. For granting an allowance upon the exportation of Britijh made gunpowder.

Cap. 30. For rendring more effectual an aCt made in the third year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better regulation of the coal trader fo far as the fame relates to the preventing the inhancing the price pf coals in the river Thames by the keeping of turn in delivering of coals there.

Cap. 31. For making more effectual an aCt paffed in the thirteenth year

^ of the reign of his late Majesty King. George the Firft, for repairing, widening and amending the roads from JVigan to Prejlon in the county of Lancafer.

Cap. 32. For the more effectual pu-nifhing ftealers of lead, or iron bars fixed to houfes, or any fences belonging thereunto.

Cap. 33. For obviating a doubt which hath arifen concerning the ufual allowance made upon the delivery of letters fent by the penny-poft to places out of the ckies of London and Wejlminfery and borough of Southwark, and the re-fpeCtive fuburbs thereof.

Cap. 34, For repairing the road leading



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

- ing from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlefex, through Fulham fields* to the great road near the pound at Hammerfmith in the faid county.

Private Adds.

Anno 4 Georgii II.

1.	An act to enable Edward South-well efq; to take the oaths in this kingdom, and to qualify hitnfelf for the legal enjoyment of the offices of principal fecretary of ftate, and keeper of the fignet and privy feal.of the kingdom of Ireland.

2.	An a6l to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville and othersi

3.	An act for inclofing the commoh fields, and uninclofed lands, lying within the manor and parifh of Bijhops Tachbrooke in the county of Warwick.

4.	An a61 for enabling Richard Cla~ ridge gent, and his iffiue, to take and ufe the furname of Turner.

5.	An a 61 to naturalize Hieronymus de Salis efq;

6.	An a6l for naturalizing Catharina Godolphin, wife of the honourable William Godolphin efq; commonly called marquis of Blandford.

7.	An a6l to naturalize Mary Anne de

• la Fontaine, wife of Charles de la

Fontaine of London, merchant.

8.	An act for veiling feveral manors, lands, and hereditaments therein mentioned, in James duke of Chan-doty and his heirs, in purfuance of certain articles of agreement made on the marriage of his fon He?ny Brydgcs efq; commonly called marquis of Carnarvon.

9.	An a6l for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough in the county of Warwick.

1	o. An act for exchanging, dividing, and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, and common yvafte grounds, within the ma-

nor of Prejibury in the county of

Gloucejler.

11.	An a6l to enable John Shafto efq; to make & fuitable iettlernent upon any woman he fhall marry, and provifion for younger children.

12.	An a6I for the fale of the eftate late of Mary Clayton deceafed, in the county of Bucks (intailed by her will) for payment of her debts and legacies charged thereon, and for laying out the overplus of the monies, arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the like ufes.

13.	An act for naturalizing Ifaac La-cam, Peter Korten and others.

14.	An act for fale of an eftate of Charles duke of Grafton in the county of Surrey, ^nd to fettle other lands in lieu thereof.

15.	An act for enabling the fale of feveral lands and hereditaments of Thomas Taylor and Maurice Shelton efquires, in the county of Suffolk, and for fettling other lands of as great yearly value to the fanie ufes.

16.	An a6l for making divifions, in-clofures, and allotments of the open cornfields and paftures in the lord-fhip of Catwick, in the county of Tork, and for fettling and eftablifh-ing the payment of a yearly fum to the redlor of Catwick aforefaid, and his fucceftors, in lieu of tythes, pur-fuant to agreement between the prefent redlor and proprietors of the faid lands.

17.	An act for exchanging the par-fonage houfe and glebe lands in Bifcathorpe in the county of Lincoln, for other lands belonging to the lord of the manor, and for giving a recompence to the redlor in lieu of his tythes, to enable the lord of the manor to inclofe the common fields.

18.	An act for inclofing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields and common grounds in the pari fhes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter in the county of Gloucejler•

A«



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rg. An adt for dividing and incloling divers parcels of commons and wade grounds lying within the manor of JVeJl Broughton in the parilh of Dovebridge in the county of Derby. .

to. An a<5t for vefting certain eftates of Sir Hungerford Hojkins baronet, in truftees, to be fold for the railing and paying his brothers and fitters portions, now remaining a charge upon his eftate, together with the debts and incumbrances of his father Sir John HojkinSy affectting the fame.

21.	An adt for making and rendring effedtual an exchange of eftates therein mentioned in the county of Yorky between Lancelot lord arch-bifhop of York, and John Aifiabie, efq;

22.	An adt to enable Frances Arundell and George Henry earl of Litchfield, guardian of Mary Arundell (an infant) during the minority of the faid Mary Arundellx to grant and fill up leafes of the eftates of the faid Frances and Mary Arundell in the counties of Cornwall and Dorfiet.

23.	An adf for exemplifying'the will of Henry late lord Herbert, and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

24.	An adf for exemplifying the wijl of Nicholas B a gen all efq; and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and dominion of Wales.

25.	An adf for confirming an agreement for exchanging of lands made between Edmund Halfey efq; deceaf-ed, and the patron and vicar of Stoke Poges in the county of Bucks.

26.	An adf for felling part of the e-ftate of Thomas Player efq; for dif-charging the debts, legacies, and incumbrances therein mentioned.

27.	An adf for the fale of the eftates of Edivard Standen efq; deceafed.

at Arborfield and elfewhere, for dif-charging the debts of the faid Edward Standen, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

28.	An adf for vefting in truftees the eftate of Lucy Bowry widow, and John Bowry her fon, fituate in the parilhes of Edimnton and Tottenham in the county of Middlefex, for the fale thereof, to difcharge the feveral incumbrances thereupon, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

29.	An adf for felling part of the e-ftate of Robert Wefiby efq; in the county of Lancafier, for railing money to difcharge feveral debts and Incumbrances of his father and brother, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

30.	An adf to enable Reymundo Putt efq; to make and fill up leafes of the eftate late of Sir ThomasPutt baronet, deceafed, in the counties of Devony Dorfiet, and Somerfiet.

31.	An adi for vefting in John Inglis (executor of George Heriot clerk, deceafed) certain lands in the county of Southampton, mortgaged in fee by Charles Bulkley efq; to the tefta-tor, in truft for the purpofes therein mentioned.

32.	An adf for enabling Godfrey Knel-ler Huckle gent, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Kneller.

33.	An adf for naturalizing Ernfi Bardewieck.

Anno 5 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1732.

Cap. 2. For punilhing mutiny , and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap,



A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 3. To encourage and compel George Robinfon efq; and John Thom -fon to appear, and produce the books, and difcover the effects of the Charitable Corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by affifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal intereft; and to be examined thereupon at the times and places

, therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For rebuilding the parifh church of Woolwich in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two a6ts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year 1732.

Cap. 6. For reviving the duties on fait for the term therein mentioned.

Cap. 7. For the more eafy recovery of debts in his  Majesty’s plantations and colonies in America.

Cap. 8. For providing a recompence to Sir Thomas Lcrnbe, for difcover-ing and introducing the arts of making and working the three capital Italian engines for making or-ganzine filk, and for preferving the invention for the benefit of this kingdom.

Cap. 9^ To explain an a<5t made in the laff feffion of parliament, intituled, An a Si for importing from his Majesty $ plantations in America, dire Stly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any a& of parliament,fo far as the faid aSi relates to the importation of foreign hops into Ireland.

Cap. 10. For repairing and amending the road leading from the town of Manchefler, in the county palatine of Lancafer, through the town of AJhton under Line, and the parilh of Mot tram Lcngdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of defer.

Cap. 11. To enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York.

Cap. 12. For amending and making more effectual an act made in the fir ft year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional aSf for the improvement of tillage.

Cap. 13. For enlarging the term granted by an a61 made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Par ton, in the county of Cumberland'.

Cap. 14. For the better and more eafy rebuilding of the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down and demoliftied by reafonof the late dreadful fire there, and for the better preventing dangers from fire for the future. .

Cap. 15. For rendring mo*e effectual an act palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An a St for improving the navigation of the river Ouze in Ihe county of York.

Cap. 16. For the better and more eafy rebuilding of the town of Blandford Forum in the county of Dorfet, and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down or demolifhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire there.

Cap. 17. For the further application of the finking fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea ftock; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 18. For the further qualification of juftices of the peace.

Cap. 19. To oblige the juftices of the peace at their general or quarter fef-fions to determine appeals made to them according to the merits of the

cafe.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cafe, notwithftanding defers of form in the original proceedings; and to oblige perfons fuing forth writs of Certiorari to remove orders made on fuch appeals into his  Majesty’s court of King's bench, to give fecurity to profecute the fame with effect.

Cap. 20. For the better regulation and government of pilots licenfed by the corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, and to prevent mifchiers and annoyances upon the river of Thajnes below London Bridge.

Cap. 21* An additional a<5t for the encouragement of the woollen ma-nufa<5ture of this kingdom, by the more effe&ual preventing the unlawful exportation of the woollen manufactures of the kingdom of Ireland to foreign parts.

Cap. 22. To prevent the exportation of hats out of any of his Majefty*s colonies or plantations in America ^ and to retrain the number of apprentices taken by the hatmakers in the faid colonies or plantations, apd for the better encouraging the making hats in Great Britain.

Cap. 23. For making void the feve-ral contracts for fale of the eftate of James late earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith efq; and alfo of the annuity of two hundred pounds during the life of Charles Radcliffe, and the arrears thereof to Matthew White efq; and the feveral conveyances made in pur-fuance of the fame.

Cap. 24. For encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majelly’s planta-% tions in America.

Cap. 25. For making procefs in courts of equity effectual againfl perfons who abfcond, and cannot be ferved therewith, or who re-fufe to appear.

Cap. 26. For the effectual repairing the highways between Dunjlahle and Hockdijfe in the county of 2

Bedford, by enlarging the term and powers granted by two former adls, one of the ninth, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Cap. 27. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An all to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts.

Cap. 28. For encouraging the Green* land fifhery.

Cap. 29. For reviving an a£t made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An all for the better fe~ curing the lawful trade of his Ma-jejly's fubjefts to and from the Eall-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majefly s fubjeds trading thither under foreign com-mijfions,

Cap. 30. To prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 31. For appointing commif-fioners for taking, ftating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of The charitable corporation for relief of induf-trious poor, by affijling them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal inte-rejl\ and of all perfons claiming any (hare or intereft in the flock or fund of the faid corporation, and for enabling the faid corporation to name one perfon to be an affignee under the refpe£live com-miflions of bankruptcy awarded a-gainfl George Robinfon and John Thomfon-, and for enabling the commiflioners a&ing under the faid commifTions of bankruptcy to proceed and enquire of the e-ftates, goods, and effe<£ts of the faid bankrupts, and to apply the fame; and to oblige John Thom-fon \ father of the faid John Thom-fon the bankrupt, to appear before the faid commiffioners of bankruptcy in England.

Hosted by GoOglC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 32. To reftrain Sir Robert Sutton knight of the bath, Sir Archibald Grant baronet, Denis Bond, William Boroughs, efquires, Richard Wooley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this kingdom for the fpace of one year, and until the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and for difcovering their eflates arid effects, and to prevent the tranfporting or alienating the fame; and to oblige William Squire to furrender him-felf at a time and place mentioned in the act, and to give fecurity for his not going out of this kingdom for the fpace of one year, and until the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and for difcovering his eftate and effects, and to prevent the tranfporting of a-lienating the fame; and for committing the aforefaid William Burroughs to the prilon of the Fleet, until he (hall have complied with the directions of this act.

Cap. 33. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act paf-fed in the firft year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for punijhing fuch perfons as foall wilfully and malicioufy pull doivn or dejlroy turnpikes for repairing highwaysy or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable.

Private Adis.

Anno 5 Georgii. II.

1.	An act to naturalize Leonard Lock-man efq;

2.	An act to naturalize Agnes Coujf-maker.

3.	An act to naturalize Thomas Ma-Ian, and Jofeph Malan, and others.

4.	An act for veiling feveral manors and hereditaments, the eftate of Montague earl of Abingdon, in the counties of Wilts, Oxon, Bucks and Berks, in. truftees to be fold

for raifing mon#y to difcharge debts and incumbrances.

5.	An act for fale of the manors of Kemble and Poole, in the county of Wilts, late the eftate of He?iry Poole efq; deceafed, for the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

6.	An act for exchanging, inclofing, and reducing into feverality, feveral common fields, common meadows, and wafie grounds within the manor and townlhip of Little Kineton in the county of Warwick,

7.	An act for advancing and applying four thousand pounds, part of the portion of dame Anne Drake, wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake baronet, and for leafing out certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Devon for lives, according to the cuftom of the country.

8.	An act for veiling the conduits, fprings, and waters in Hyde Park, in truftees for the benefit of his Majefty.

9.	An act for the exchange of the right of prefentation to the rectory of Wimborne AUhallows, and vicaridge of Loders in the county of Dorfet, and for uniting the rectories and parifties of Wimborne St. Giles, and Wimborne AUhallows.

10.	An act for enlarging the churchyard of the parilh of Paddington in the county of Middlefex.

11.	An act for enabling Richard lord vifcount Molefworth and his brothers to make leafes for lives, or years determinable upon lives, renewable for ever, or to make grants in fee-farm of a piece of ground in the city of Dublin.

12.	An act for fale of certain manors, woods, wood-lands, and o-ther lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Bucks, Hertford and Bedford, part of the eftate of Sir William Stanhope knight of the bath, and for fettling other lands

in



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly value, to the fame ufes, and tor other purpofes therein mentioned.

13.	An ad for making effectual an agreement between Sir Ralph Hare and his brothers, for raifing money upon part of his intailed eftate, and for fettling other lands not intaif-ed, of greater value, in lieu thereof

14.	An ad to impower Sir Robert Furnefe baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgecumbe efq; certain government fecurities and money therein mentioned, and for fettling lands of equal value upon the fame trulls.

15.	An add for fale of part of the eftate of Sir William C^errard baronet, a lunatick, for payment of his debts and other purpofes therein mentioned.

16.	An ad for veiling part of the eftate of John Lambe efq; in truftees for railing money to difcharge feve-ral mortgages, and other debts and incumbrances therein mentioned.

17.	An a<9: for making leafes of the eftate late of Thomas Strangeways efq; and Elizabeth, late duchefs of Hamilton, his filler (both deceafed) and for applying the money arifing thereby for the purpofes therein mentioned.

iS. An add for fale of the eftate of Thomas Mitchell deceafed, lying in the county of Warwick, for payment of the debts charged there-upon, and for making provifion for his widow and infant children.

19.	An ad for railing mondy out of the eftate late of Surtees Swinburne efq; deceafed, for compounding and paying the portions charged thereon to his younger Tons William and Robert Swinburne, and for paying the debts of Guthbert Sivinburfte efq; deceafed.

20.	An ad for fale of the real eftate late of Robert Abbot efq; deceafed, for difcharging his debts and incumbrances, and for making a pro-Vol. XVI.

vifion for his widow and only forb

21.	An ad for redifying fome mif-takes in a fettlement made by John Congreve efq; and veiling his feat and eftate in Stretton in the county of Stafford, in truftees to be fold for better clearing his debts, for which his eldeft foil ft and 3 engaged, and purchafing another eftate more fuitable to the occafions of his family to be fettled in lieu thereof.

22.	An ad for veiling certain lands and eftates in the counties of Stafford, Leicejler, Rutland, and Northampton, late the eftates of Sir Eufe-bins Bofwell baronet, deceafed, in truftees to be fold for the payment of his debts.

23.	An ad for exchanging of certain lands between Henry Bromley, efq; and the mailer, fellows, and Scholars of Pembroke Hall in the uni-verfity of Cambridge.

24.	An ad to eftablilh and confirm an agreement made between John Weft efq; on the behalf of his daughters Mary Weft and Frances Weft infants. Sir Francis Vyvyait baronet, 2nd Mary Erifey, and to render the fame effedual.

25* An ad for charging the fettled eftate of Join Francis clerk, with the payment of his father’s debts and legacies, and for fettling another eftate of greater value to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

26.	An ad for veiling two undivided fourth parts of the manor of Grea-tham, and of other lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffexy the eftate of Barbara Mill and Frances Mill fpinfters, in truftees, to enable them to join in the fale of the (aid intire manor, lands, an d hereditaments, for raifing portions for them and their two fillers.

27.	An ad for felling part of the eftate of Jofeph Gace efq; for difcharging feveral debts and incumbrances affeding the fame.

28.	An ad for fale of the eftate of Sir William Moriee baronet in Pad-

b	ftoWy



A TABLE of the

flow, in the county of Cornwall, and for fettling another eft ate of better value to the fame ufes in lieu thereof.

2g. An a<5l to ved in Mary Hall widow, certain copyhold lands in the manors of Bedlington and Chejler en le ftreet, in the county of Durham, to fell the fame, and thereby to perform the trulls mentioned in the will of Anne Hancock widow, deceafed.

30.	An a<5l for fupplying a defeat in a conveyance lately made by Charles A/<?)Y/fenior,and Sarah his wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane his wife; and for the fale of certainlands in the county of Montgomery, for raifing three thousand pounds, and fix hundred pounds, and for other purpoles therein mentioned.

31.	An abl for inclofing and dividing a common pafture ground called Monies Leaze, fituate and lying in the parifh of Puriton, alias Fir ton, in the county of Wilts.

32.	An adl for confirming the exchanges, inclofures, and divifions of the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commons within the parifh of Staunton in the county of Wilts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

33.	An a6l to enable the commiffion-ers of his Majefly’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with TJoomas Tomkins, cafhier to the late eom-miflloners for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, for an arrear he (lands charged with to the crown.

34.	An a eft to naturalize Nicholas Haij man,

35.	An adt to naturalize Jofeph Gui-na?id, David Dumouchell and others.

Amio 6 Gcorgii II.

Cap. 1. p'or continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England * and for granting tQ his,

statutes;

Majefty certain duties upon malf, mum, cyder and perry, in that pari

of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1733. and for giving further time to clerk* and apprentices to pay duties o-mitted to be paid for their indentures and contradls.

Cap. 2. To allow a further time to "John Tho?nfon to appear and produce the books, and difeover the effedls, of The charitable corporation for relief of indujlrious poor, by afftft-ing them with fmall fnms upon pledges, at legal inter eft, and to be examined thereupon at the times and places fixed in the bill, and for allowing the faid John Thomfon a proportion out of the effects of the faid corporation, which he fhall difeover, and for preventing fraudulent re-leafing or afligning any debt due, from George Robinfon, or the faid John Thomfon, or either of them.

Cap. 3. For punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for employments or offices by taking the oaths, and making and fubferibing the declaration againll tranfubftantiation, and receiving the facrament, and allowing them further time for that pnrpofe.

Cap. 5. For allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of prcJteftant purchafers and leflees.

Cap. 6. For obviating a doubt which may arife upon an abl made in th6 fourth year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft that all proceedings in the courts of 'juflice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, jhall be in the Englifh language, fo far as the fame doth or may relate to the court of the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, or to any member or branches ^hereof.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 7. For the free importation and exportation of diamonds, pearls, rubies, emeralds, and ail other jewels and precious (tones.

Cap. 8. For rebuilding the parifh church of St. George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two adls of parliament, one made in the ninth, the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late

-- majdty Queen Anne.

Cao. 9, To explain and amend two ad!s of parliament, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the thirteenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, for making navigable the river Dun in the county of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the faid navigation, and for uniting the feveral proprietors thereof into one company.

Cap. 10. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1733.

Cap. 11. For providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church of Horjlydown, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and for making the di-ftrid! aftigned to the fame a diftind! parifh, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For eredring piers in and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Little Hampton called Arundel Port in the county of SufJ'ex.

Cap. 13. For the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his  Majesty’s fugar colonies in America.

Cap. 14. For the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious ar-refts, and for the more eafy recovery of debts and damages in the courts of great leftlons in the principality of Wales, and in the court of afiize in the county palatine of Chefler, and for the obviating a doubt which has arifen upon an ad! made in the fourth year of his prelent Majefty’s

reign intituled, An adf, that all pro* ccedings in courts of jujlice, ivithin that part o/Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, Jhall be in the English language, fo far as the fame ad! doth or may relate to the courts of juf-tice holden within the faid principality, and for explaining and a-mencling the faid ad!.

Cap. 15, For making more effectual an ad! pafTed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the pari (la of Enfield in the county of Middlefex, to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware, in the county of Hertford, and for amending the road from the faid great bridge to the fouth end of the great bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great road at Cheflount, to the weft end of Small Lea Bridge in the faid county of Hertford.

Cap, 16. For repairing the roads leading from a place called Saint Johns Bridge in the county of Berks, to a place callQdFyfeld in the faid county.

Cap. 17, For repealing an ad! for laying a duty on compound waters or fpirits, and for licenfing the retailers thereof, and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies.

Cap, 18. For continuing a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed and fold within the town of Linlithgoiv, and liberties thereof, in the county of Weft Lothian, for paying the debts of the faid town, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 19. For making a chapel in the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, a perpetual cure, and for providing a maintenance for the minifters who (hall officiate therein, b 2	Cap.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 20. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an pafled in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled.

An aft for the better repairing and amending the road leading from Ipf-wich to Cleydon, and the road called the Pye Road, in the county of Suffolk, and for amending the roads lead-ing from Yaxley Bull through Eye, to Lanthorn Green in the faid county. Cap. 21. For providing a maintenance for the redtor of the new church near Old-Jlreet, in the parifti of St. Giles Cripplegate, and for making that part of the faid parifh which is called The lordflnp part a diftindf parifh, and for impowering the commiftioners for building of the fifty new churches, to apply a finn of money to wall in the faid church and church yard, and to eredt a houfe for the habitation of the redlor of the faid church, out of the money appropriated for the endowment of the faid fifty new churches.

Cap. 22. For filling up fuch part of the channel of Bridewell-Dock and Fleet-Ditch, as lies between Hoi-born Bridge and Fleet-Bridge, and for converting the ground, when filled up, to the ufe of the city of London.

Cap. 23. To explain and amend an adt made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for the

further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for the :	preventing	irregular	proceedings	of

Jheriffs and other officers in the eleft-ing and returning fuch members, fc . far as the fame relates to the holding • of county courts.

Cap. 24. For the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wades-Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Rjyjlon in the faid county.

Cap. 25. For enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thovifand pounds

out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year 1733* and tor the further difpofition of the faid fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities; and for enabling his Majesty, out of the monies arifen by fale of the lands in the ifland of St. Chriftopher, to pay the fum of eighty thousand pounds, for the marriage portion of the princefs royal, and ten thousand pounds to the truftees for eftablifh-ing the colony of Georgia in America ; and for making good all deficiencies and charges, by taking of broad pieces into the mint out of the coinage duty; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for iffu-ing to the fubdean, treafurer, and fteward of the collegiate church of St. Peter Wejlminfter, out of the monies referved for building fifty new churches within the cities of London and Wejhnvijler, and the fuburbs thereof, ana for making provifions for the minifters of the fame, four thousand pounds for the repair of the faid collegiate church, and twelve hundred pounds for finishing the dormitory belonging thereunto. •

Cap. 26. To prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the gold coins, commonly called Broad Pieces.

Cap. 27. To explain and amend an adt made in the fecond year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better regulation of attornies andfolicitors.

Cap. 28. For the converting a further part of the capital ftock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for fettling the remaining part of, the faid ftock in the faid company. Cap. 29. For the better regulation of laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames.

Cap. 30. To recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee> in the county palatine of Cbefer.

Cap,



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 31. For the relief of parities, and other places, from fuch charges as may arife from baftard children born within the fame.

Cap. 32. To enable certain perfons to propound the papers importing to be the Iaft will, codicils, and teftamentary fchedules of Richard Norton late of "Southwick in the county of Southampton efq; deceaf-ed, in the prerogative court of Canterbury ^ and to fue for adminiftra-tion with the fame annexed.

Cap. 33. For the further encouragement of the whale fi(fiery carried on by his Majefly’s Britijb fub-jefts.

Cap. 34. For reviving fo much of the aft made in the ftrft year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to oblige jhips coming from places in-

■	feCled more effectually to perform their quarentine, and for the better presenting the plague being brought from foreign pat'ts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the fpreading of infection, as relates to the performing of quarentine, and preventing the fpreading of infeftion, and to enable his Majesty to prohibit commerce with any country or place infefted with the plague, fora certain time therein limited.

^Cap. 35. For appointing commiflion-ers to examine, (late and report, who of the fufferers in The charitable corporation are objefts of com-paflion, according to the defcripti-

■	ons therein mentioned; and for giving relief to fuch fufferers ; and for enforcing the laws made againft foreign lotteries; and for impow-ering the faid commiflioners to hear and determine the claims of fuch creditors and proprietors of the faid corporation, as have not made their claims within the time limited by an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, for takings fating and determining all the claims and de-

mands of the creditors of the faid corporation^ and of all perfons claiming any Jhare or interef in the fock or fund of the faid corporation.

Cap. 36. For making effeftual fuch agreement as (hall be made bet ween the charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by alfift-ing them with fmall fums upon pledges, at legal intereft, and their creditors.

Cap. 37. For making perpetual the leveral afts therein mentioned, for

/ the better regulation of juries, and for impowering the juftices of feffion or affixes for the counties palatine of Chefer, Lancafer, and Durham,, to appoint a fpecial jury in manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the aft for regulating the manufafture of cloth, in the Wefl-Riding of the county of York (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an aft for the more effeftual punching wicked and evil difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any fea-bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds ; and for continuing an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain claufes in two other afts made for the fame pur-pofe.

Cap. 38. For enlarging the time for exportation of tea.

Private Ads.

Anno 6 Georgii II.

1.	An aft for inclofing feveral large common fields within the parifhes of Wel/bourne Hafings and New bold Pacy, in the county of Warwick.

2* An aft for exemplifying two carriage fettlcments, made on the mar-b 3	riags



A TABLEof the STATUTES.

riage of Henry late earl of Thomond, and the prefen t earl of Thomond, and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Ireland.

3. An a6l for dividing and inclofing the common fields, and common meadows, in the parifh of Barjlpn in the county of Warwick.

-4-. An a6f for difeharging divers lands and hereditaments, at Aherton in the county of Worcejler, part of the eftate of Francis Sheldon efq; a lu-natick, from the trufts of a former act of parliament, made for payment of the debts of the faid Francis Sheldon, and for veiling another eftate of the faid lunatick in the county of Gloucefer, in truflees for the fame purpofe.

5.	An a<5t to naturalize Juftus Gerhard,

Paul U Hofpital, William Ghrijlian Hamburger, and others.

6.	An a<51 for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common grounds, lying in the manor and parifh of Chippen Warden in the county of Northampton.

7.	An a<51 for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tithing of Buck-land Newt on, Mine t erne Parva, and Knowle in the parifti of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the county of Dorfet.

8.	An a<5f for dividing and inclofing the hamlet of Aft on Magna in the parifh of Brockley in the county of Worcejler.

9.	An a<5t to enable the lady yif-countefs Gage, and her truftees, and Thomas IVhorwood efq; to pur-chafe lands of inheritance with the money arifing by fale of their eftate in the county of Bucks.

jo. An a<51 for fale of the manors of Kiddermi ftft er Borough, and Kidder-minjler Forren, part of the intailed eftate of William lord Abergavenny, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of another eftate to be fettled to the fame ufes.

ij. An a6l for veiling divers lands and tithes in Hothorpe in the county of Northampton, the eftate late of Griffith Davies deceafed, and of Arthur Daggft, in truftees to fuch ufe$, as the manor of Hothorpe a-forefaid Hands fettled, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

12.	An ato confirm articles of agreement entred into between Archibald Hamilton efq; commonly called lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George earl of Macclesfield, and others, truftees of a charity, for veiling in George earl of Orkney, and his heirs, certain lands in the county of Berks, to the feve-ral ufes; and upon the trufts there-? in mentioned.

13.	An a61 to enable William Wid-dringtpn late lord Widdrington,. to fue or maintain any ^61ion or fair, notwithftanding hjs attainder, and to remove any difability in him, by reafon of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any re^l or perfonal e-eftate, that may or lhall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto in reverfion or remainder, before his attainder..

14.	An a6l to explain and amend an a6l paffed in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for vefiing the honour and efiate of Jphn duke of AthoW in James Mur-? ray (commonly called lord James Murray) after the death of the faid duke.

15.	An a6l for fale of part of the

. paternal eftate of Waltham Savory

efq; comprifed in his marriage fet-tlqment to difeharge the incumbrances on other the more valuable parts of his eftate in the fame fet-tlement comprifed, for the benefit of his iflue by Mary his late wife.

16.	An a6l for rendring more ufe-ful, and preventing the inconveni-encies likely, to arife from a covenant in the marriage fettlement made by George Pitt efq; and for making good and effe£tual the a-

gree-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

greemerits, limitations, and pro-viftons made by the parties for that purpofe, contained in an indenture of fettlement lately made.

17.	An aft for fale of part of the eftate of Thomas Prejhvood efq; in the county of Devon, for difcharg-ing an incumbrance affefting the fame, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

18.	An act to enable Thomas Warden efq; and the heirs of his body, and the feveral other perfons therein named, and the heirs of their re-fpeftive bodies, to take and ufe the furname of Sergifon, as therein mentioned.

19.	An aft for impowering Sir John Tynte baronet, and Charles Tynte efq; and their fons refpeftively, to make leafes of the eftates comprifed in the late Sir Hafwell Tynte's fettlement, for lives or years determinable on deaths, according to the cuftom of the country.

20.	An act to enable Thomas Erie Drax efq; an infant, and others, to grant leafes of feveral manors and lands in the county of Wilts, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned.

21.	An act to diffolve the marriage of Sir John Rudd hurt, with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

22.	An aft for fettling the eftate of Thomas Bawtry late of Bojlon in the county of York efq; deceafed, in his furname and bipod, and making his will more effeftual for that purpofe.

23.	An aft for dividing the fite of the late diffolved monaftery of Bella-landay alias Byland, and divers mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of York, amongft Thomas Holies duke of Newcafile, Philip Dormer earl of Chefier field) and Geruafe Scrope efq; in the manner therein mentioned.

24.	An aft for explaining and amending part of an aft made in the fe-pond year of the reign of. his pre-

fent Majesty, intituled, An aft for inclofing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to theparifb ofHad-lei gh in the county of Suffolk, for the better maintenance of the poor of the faid pari/h.

25.	An act to naturalize Jean Legier Lamotte, and George Godfried Ha-fenfeller.

26.	An aft for confirming an exchange agreed to be made between William earl Cowper, and Sir Georg# Oxenden baronet, of certain lands, and hereditaments in the county of Kent.

27.	An act to enable Richard Child efq; commonly called lord Cafile-main, and the heirs of his body, and fuch other perfons, who by virtue of a fettlement made by Frederick Tylney efq; deceafed, fhalL be in the poiTeflion of the eftates therein limited, to take and ufe the furname of Tylney.

28.	An act to enable the feveral perfons claiming under the will or codicil of Robert late lord Bing ley, when they (hall be intitled to the eftates comprifed therein, or di-> refted to be purchased thereby, to make leafes for one and twenty years, at the beft improved rents, without taking fines.

29.	An aft for vefting part of the eftate of Charles Cholmondeley efq; in the county of Chefier, in tru-ftees, to be fold to raife money for the payment of debts, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

30.	An aft for making certain articles of agreement, entred into by Thomas AJhetou efq; in behalf of ft is fon Thomas AJheton, an infant, touching the eftate late of Robert Chclmondeley of Plolfordm the county of Chefier, efq; obligatory on the faid infant, and vefting the laic} eftate in truftees, to be fold for the purpofes therein ex prefled.

31.	An aft for enabling Richard Dowdeftvell efq; to raife money by fale or mortgage of his eftates m

b 4	Hhs



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the counties of Gloucejier and TVor-cefier, to pay off the portion of his niecc Anne Wilde the younger,charg-ed thereon.

32.	An act for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Anthony Henley efq; in truftees, to be fold for difcharge of the feveral debts and incumbrances affecting the fame ; and for making a further feparate pro-vifion for the lady Elizabeth his wife, during their joint lives.

33.	An a61 for felling.part of the fettled eftate of David Roberts efq; for difcharging the debts and incumbrances of himfelf and his late father; and for fettling an'equivalent for the fame, for the benefit of the feveral perfons claiming under his marriage fettlement.

34.	An a<5t for veiling in tmflees the ' unfettled eftates of William Bran-

don deceafed. to be fold for payment of a debt due from him to the crown; and for applying the refidue of the money arifing by • fueh fale for the benefit of his family.

35.	An adt for enabling truftees to make leafes of certain meffuages, houfcsand buildings, \nMark-Lane in the city of London, the eftate of George Harveftan infant.

36.	An a<5l for reftoring Bazil Hamilton in blood.

Anno 7 Georgii II.

Cap* 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt, or other wife deftroyed.

Cap. 2. For punching mutiny and defertion ; and for the better pay-

5

mentofthe army and their quarters. Cap. 3. For exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament,for naturalizing his highnefs the prince of Orange. Cap. 4* For naturalizing the molt ferene prince William Charles Henry Frifo,. prince of Orange and Naffan. Cap. 5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a<£l paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aid for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fierling, upon every pint of ale or beer that Jhall be vended or fold within the town of Montrofe, and privileges thereof, for •fupplying the Jaid town with frefly water, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of feven years; and for Ji-cenfing the eredting new refineries of rock fait in the counties of Effex and Suffolk.

Cap. 7. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hun-s dred and thirty four.

Cap. 8. To prevent the infamous practice of ftock-jobbjng.

Cap. 9. To explain and make more effectual the Jaws in being, to oblige the poffeffors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep low fuch hedges as are ad-joining to the faid highways.

Cap. 10. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for imployments or offices, by taking the oaths, ^nd making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiatlon, and v^ceiving the facrament, and to allow them further time for that purpofe; and to enable the vice-chancellor of the univerfity, and mayor of the town of Cambridge, to a6t as juftices of the peace for the county of Cam* bridge, notwithftandipg the a<51 for



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the further qualification of juftices of the peace.

Gap. ii. For the application and dif-pofal of the refidue of the money raifed by way of lottery, on the credit of an a6l made in the laft feffion of parliament, for the relief ' of fuch fufferers in the charitable corporation, as are objedts of com-paffion, according to the defcripti-ons therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For enabling his Majesty to apply the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and for appropriating the fupplies granted - in this feffion of parliament.

Cap* 13. To enable his Majesty to continue and fettle an annuity of five thousand pounds on the prin-cefs royal during the term of her natural life, in cafe (he (hall furvive his Majefty.

Capw 14. For afcertaining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

Cap. 15. To fettle how far owners of (hips (hall be anfwerable for the adts of the mafters or mariners.

Cap. 16. For the better regulating the election of members to ferve in the houfe of commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the judges of the court of feffion, court of judiciary, and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, to be eledfed, or to fit or vote as members of the houfe of commons.

Cap. 17. To explain an aft paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the converting a further part^f the capitalJlock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament^ and for fettling the remaining part of the faid Jlock in the faid company, fo far as fhe faid aft relates to the paying

off the bonds of the faid company,.

Cap. 18. For the revival of an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George theFirft, intituled, An aft for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein limited; and alfo for the free importation of indico.

Cap. 19. For the more effedtual preventing the clandeftine importation of foreign hops into Great Britain and Ireland^ and to prevent the adulterating or fophifticating of hops to alter the colour or (cent thereof.

Cap. 20. For the more eafy redemption and foreclofure of mortgages.

Cap. 21. For the more effectual pu-nifhment of aflaults with intent to commit robbery.

Cap. 22. For the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or o-ther fecurities for payment of money, or warrants, or orders for payment of money, or delivery ofgoods.

Cap. 23. For railing the militia of that part of Great Britain called Englands although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid j and for making the militia within the fame more ufeful.

Cap. 24. For granting to Samuel Buckleys citizen and ftationer of Londons the foie liberty of printing and reprinting the hiftories of Thu-anu$s with additions and improvements, during the time therein limited. ■;

Cap. 25. To explain and amend an a61 paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the firft, intituled. An aft for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

Cap. 26. For continuing, explaining, and making more effectual two adts of parliament, one of the thirds and the other of the eighth

year



A TABt-E of the STATUTES. /

year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Firft, For repairing the highways from the feveral places in the faid a£ls mentioned, to Highgate gatehoufi and Hampftead in the county of Middlefex; and for amending the roads from the fouth end of the faid town of Hampftead, to the further end ^Burrough Lane dn the parijh of Hendon ; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, lying in the parijh of Iflington in the faid comity.

Cap. 27. For making the church of Bablack in the city of Coventry a parifh church, and for appointing a diftricSF or parifh thereto; and for enabling the matter and ufher of the free grammar fchool within the faid city, to be the redlor and lecturer of the faid parifh church.

Cap. 28. To extend the navigation of the river Weaver from Wimford bridge to the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chejjer.

Cap. 29. For making more effectual an adt patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majetty King George theFirtt, intituled, An a Ft for the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royfton in the county of Hertford, to Wands-ford Bridge in the county ^Huntingdon, fo far as the fame relates to the amending that part of the road as lies between a place called the White Pofl upon Alconbury Hilly and Wandsford Bridge in the faid county of Huntingdon) called The North Divijion.

Private Adds*

Anno j Georgii II.

I. An adl to naturalize John Matthew Bnttnery John Lewis Kragueli-usy and others.

2J* An ac5t for confirming the in clo-fure divifion, and exchanges of feveral lands and grounds lying in the common fields of Woollejlhorpe near Belvoir cattle in the county of Lincoln.

3.	An adt to enable Robert Dalzett late earl of Carnwathy to fue or maintain any adtion or fait, not-withftanding his attainder* and to remove any difability in him by reafon of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal er-ftate, that may or {hall hereafter defcend or come to him.

4.	An adbto enable Walter Calverley efquire, now called Blackett efquire, and his ittue male, to take and ufe the fur name of Blackett only, pursuant to the will of Sir William Blackett baronet, deceafed.

5.	An adt for vefting certain lands and tenements lying contiguous to the citadel of Plymouth) being the eftate of William Sir ode, an infant, in truttees, in order to fell and con-, vey the fame to or for the ufe of his Majefty.

6.	An adt for fupplying an omifllpn in a former adt of parliament, to enable Richard earl of Burlington to grant leafes of ground behind Burlington ho ufe.

7.	An adt to enable the truttees and executors of the laft will and tefta-ment of John Vanden Bampde efq ; deceafed, to lay out part of the faid teftator’s truft eftate in the pur-chafe of fecurities affedting the marquis of Annandale’s eftate in Scotland, and carrying iptereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be affigned to the faid trfiftees, to and for the fame ufes and trufts, as by the faid will are declared of and concerning the faid truft eftate.

8.	An adt for vefting in Sir Theodore Janf'en knight and baronet, and his heirs, the remainder in fee fimple, now in the crown, expectant on the determination of certain eftates tail, of and in the manor and advowfon oPower Moigne, in the county of Dorfet, and feveral lands and hereditaments to the fame manor belonging.

9.	An adl for enabling Thomas Scawen

efquire.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

efquire, and others, to fell an e-ftate in Ireland, fettled by Sir William Sea-wen's will, and fettling another eftate, purchafed by the faid Thomas Scawen in England, of greater value, to the fame ufes.

10.	An adt for fale of the manor of Hopsford in the county of Warwick, for railing money towards difeharg-ing the debts and incumbrances of of Elizabeth late dutchefs of Hamilton and Brandon, deepafed.

11.	An adt for difeharging a certain piece of ground called The Pejlhoufe Fields from certain charitable trufts, and for fettling another piece of ground of equal extent, and in a more convenient place, upon the fame trufts.

12.	An adt for vefting certain houfes in Blechingly in the county of Surrey, late the eftate of George Evelyn efq; deceafed, in Charles Boone efquire, and for fettling another eftate of greater value on the daughters and coheirs of the faid George Evelyn, in lieu of and exchange for the fame.

13.	An a dt for vefting part of the e-ftatq, late of George Evelyn efquire, deceafed, in the county of Surrey, in truftees, in order to fell and convey the fame to Charles Boone efquire, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe.

14.	An adt for inclofing the common or wafte called Lightwood Forejl, other wife Cocknage Banks and Blur-ton Common, in the manor and parifh of Trentham in the county of Stafford.

15.	An adt for confirming and making effedtual feveral articles of a-greement made for inclofing and dividing the common fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cley-brooke in the county of Leicejler.

16.	An adt for confirming a conveyance of divers lands anciheredita-ments in the county-of Durham, late the eftate of John Morland efquire deceafed, for payment of tus <Jet>ts and incumbrances.

17.	An adt for fale of the manor, farm, and lands of Encombe- in the county of Dorfet, part of the eftate of John Culliford efquire deceafed, for payment of the debts and incumbrances charged upon and af* fedting the fame.

18.	An adt to enable Jofeph Wyndham efquire and his iftue male, to take and ufe the furname of AJhe, purfuant to the laft will and teftament of dame Mary Afhe.

19.	An adt to naturalize Anne Judith Briflowe wife of John B rift owe e-fquire.

20.	An adt to naturalize Bartold BulL

Anno 8 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England and for ganting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.„ for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and thirty five.

Cap. 2. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For repairing the roads from the town of Manchejler, leading through Newton, Failfworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancajler, to Aufterland.i, in the pari hi of Saddlcworth, in the county of York.

Cap. 4. To indemnify perfons who have .omitted to make and fubferibe the declarations contained in the adt of .uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Annes intituled, An all for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village ^Tittenfor, and



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the moft northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane in the county ^Stafford.

Cap. 6. For the publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, that (hall be made of, or that may affecft, any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the North Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day oi Sep* tember, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix.

Cap. 7. For repairing and widening the road fern the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lane after, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackjlone Edge, in the fame county, and from thence to the towns of Halifax, and Ea~ land in the county of York.

Cap. 8. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a<5l paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from Saint Giles’s pound to Kilbourn bridge in the county <yrMiddlefex, andforpav-ing that part of the road called Oxford Street.

Cap. 9. For continuing and making more effectual an act paffed in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing the highways through the feveral pari/hes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Mid-dlefex; and for continuing the commiffioners authorized to put the faid a£l in execution.

Cap. 10. For lengthening the weft pier of the harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for improving the faid harbour.

Cap. ix. For enabling his Majesty to apply the fum of one million out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five.

Cap. 12. For granting and continu-

ing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid, for the indentures and contrails of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 13. For the encouragement ofthe arts of defigning, engraving, and etching hiftorical and other prints, by veiling the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, durging the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. For prolonging the time for claiming the fortunate tickets in the Charitable Corporation lottery, and formakingprovilion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 15. For the better regulatingthe nightly watch and bedels,within the two parifhes of Sainty^w^jand Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberties of the city of Wejlminfter.

Cap. 16. For the amendment of the law' relating to adlions on the fta-tute of Hue and Cry.

Cap. 17. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe.

Cap. 18. To continue fome laws therein mentioned, relating to the encouragement of the, making of fail cloth in Great Britain, and for encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom.

Cap. 19. To continue an act paffed in the third year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty s province of Carolina in A-mzv\cz,direftly to any part of Envoys, fouthwardof Cape Finifterre, in Jhips built in, and belonging to Great Britain, anft navigated according to law, and to extend that liberty to his  Majesty’s province of Georgia in A~ merica.

Cap. 20. For rendering the laws

more



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

more effe&ual for punifhing fuch perfons as (hall wilfully and mali-cioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works ere&ed by adt of parliament for making rivers navigable, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. To continue feverai laws therein mentioned, for the better regulation and government of fea-men in the merchants fervice; for the regulating of pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ifle of Thanet; for preventing frauds in the cuftoms, and to prevent the clanddVme running of goods; and for making copper ore of the Britifb plantations an enumerated commodity. Cap. 22. To enable William Mackenzie, late earl of Sea fortto fue or maintain any adiort or fuit, not-withftanding his attainder, and to remove any difability in him by reafon of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal e-ftate that may or fhall hereafter de-fcend or come to him.

Cap. 23. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five.

Cap. 24. To explain and amend an a£t pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for the relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons.

Cap 25. To indemnify proteftant purchafers of eftates of papifts, a-gainft the penalties or forfeitures papifts are liable to for not having inrolled their eftates, in purfuance of an a<5t of the third year of King George the Firft, for that purpofe. Cap. 26. To enable the prefent and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Lincoln's Inn Fields in the county of Middlefex, to make a rate on themfelves, for raifing inoney fufficient to inclofe, clean.

and adorn the fame fields.

Cap. 27. For rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 28. To explain and make mora effectual the feverai a<5ts made and pafied for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehoufe, and Hampflead in the county of Middle-fex, fo far as the fame relate to the ftatute work to be done upon the faid highways, or compofitions to be made in lieu of the fame.

Cap. 29. For the application of the rents and profits of the eftates forfeited by the attainders of fames late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radclijjfe.

Cap. 30. For regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of the ele&ions of members to ferve in parliament.

Private Afts*

Anno 8 Georgii II.

1.	An afor naturalizing SamuelEn~ gel, John Peter Blaquiere, and others.

2.	An act for enabling the two younger fons of John duke of Rutland, by £r/W^latedutchefs of Rutland, and their refpecftive children, progeny, and iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Sutton, purfuant to the will of Robert lord Lexington de-ceafed, and in fuch manner as is therein mentioned.

3.	An acft to enable John Childe efquire, commonly called lord CaJUemain, and the heirs of his body, and fuch other perfons, who by virtue of a fettlement made by Frederick Tylney efquire, deceafed,-(hall be in pofleifion of the eftates therein limited, to take and ufe the furname of Tylney.

4.	An a£t for exchanging lands between the earl of Peterborough, and the provoft and fcholars of Queens <Callege in Oxford.

5.	An a61 for fale of the eftate of Henry late lord Carleton in the county of Oxon, and for laying out

the



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the money arifing by fuch fale ia the purchafe of another eftate in or near the county of Wilts, to be fettled to the like ufes,

6.	An a el to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called lord Polwarjh, to fell lands in Effex, fettled by his marriage articles, and ■with the money anting thereby to purchafe other lands of like value, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

7.	An ad to enable Sir Charles Gil-• mour baronet, to fell part^ of the lands and baronies of Craigmillar and Nether Libberton for payment of debts, with which the laid eftate hands charged and incumbered.

8.	An ad for veiling an undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Oxon and Kent, the eftate of Elizabeth Dyke an infant, in Edward Dyke efquire, and his heirs, in exchange for his undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerfet and Devon.

9.	An a61 for confirming and efta-bliflhing a partition of the eftate of Henry Appleton, efquire, deceafed, made purfuant to a decree of the court of Chancery.

10.	An ad for the better execution of the laft will and teliament of Richard Cantillon efquire, deceafed, and for other purpoles therein mentioned.

11.	An ad for veiling the eftate of William For refter efquire, and Brook Forrejler his fon and heir apparent, in the county of Salop^ in truftees, to fettle the fame, purfuant to an agreement previous to the marriage of the faid Brook Forrejler with Elizabeth his wife, notwith-llanding the minority of the faid Brook Forrejler.

12.	Ati a6t for difeharging part of the eftate of Robert Edger efquire, in the county of Cambridge, from

the ufes of his marriage fettlement* he having fettled an eftate in the county of Suffolk, of greater value to the fame ufes.

13.	An ad for veiling part of the real eftate late of James Frege are, efq ; deceafed, in Margery his widow and relid, in part of her dower, and for fale of the reft of the faid eftate for payment of the debts of the faid James T/e,genre, and for laying out the furp money arifing by fuch fale in t purchafe of other lands, to the ufe of Honour his daughter and her heirs.

14.	An ad forinclofing the common fields, common meadows, and o-ther commonable lands in the parifti of Hunningham alias Honing-ham, in the county of Warwick.

15.	An a6l for appointing commif-ftoners to make a divifion of certain commons and wafte lands lying within the manor and parifh of Chedleton in the county of Stafford, among the proprietors, in order to indole the fame.

16.	An ad; to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treffry gentleman, and his blue male, to take and ufe the furname of Treffry only, purfuant to the deed of fettlement of John Treffry efquire deceafed.

17.	An ad to explain and amend an ad made in the firil year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An a£lfor the re-lief 0/Hannah Mac Donnell, zuith relation to the forfeited ejtatcs in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Mac Donnell efquire, to fell or incumber the fate therein mentioned.

18.	An ad for naturalizing Anna E-lizabeth Broughton, Jofias Cottin, John Chevalier, and John Treber.

19.	An ad to naturalize Stephen Matthew Arnold Rofenhageny and Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet1

Zbe End. of the TABLE,

Hqsted by Google

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORG 11 II. fecundo.

T the parliament begun and holden at Weft-jrh\ minfter, the twenty third day cf January,

Anno Domini me thousand feve?i hundred and twenty feven, in the jirjl year of the reign of our fovereign Lord George II. by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and conti?iued by adjournments and prorogations to the twenty firft day of January in the fe-condyear of his Majesty s reign; (a) being the fecond fejfon of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England ; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and for making good the deficiency of a late malt-aft. EXP.

XI. A ND whereas many malfiers or makers of malt, in order to Penalty on the defrauding his Majesty of the duty and preventing the officers from taking and keeping a true accowit of the corn or grain by wettings^ them fieeping or Jleeped, and making into malt, do in the absence of the officers remove part of their corn or grain out of the cifiern. or :wetting fat, and mix the fame with corn or grain of a former wetting, and fupply the place of the corn or grain fo removed with frefh corn or grain, and do alfo mix their feveral couches and floors in fetch manner, that the officers for the faid duties cannot difeinguifh.one wetting from another : for remedy whereof be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That during the continuance of the duties upon malt no malder or maker of malt, other than compounders for the faid duties, (hall, during the continuance of the faid duties, mix or caufe to be mixed his, her or their com or grain making into malt of one wetting or deeping, or any part thereof, with his, her or their corn or grain making into malt of a former wetting or deeping, or any part thereof, or . Vql. XVI.	B	fhali

Hosted by Go©gle

Penalty how to be levied.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 2,3.	[1729.'

(hall mix or caufe to be mixed any of his, her or their couches or floors, with any com or grain of a former wetting or deeping, before the fame is put on the kiln for drying, on pain of forfeiture of the fum of five (hillings for every bufhel of corn fo mixed contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the laid forfeiture of five fhillings for every bufhel (hall be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majedy’s courts of record at JVefminfer, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland ; and that one moiety of fuch forfeiture (hall be to his Ma-Jefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difcoVer, inform or fue for the fame.

CAP. II.

An a St for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aft for raijing the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by /die of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament \ and for applying the produce of the finking fund.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

12 Ann c \X/H E R E A S by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth 12 nn. c. 9. yy y£ar 0p tf?e reign 0-p fer \ate majcfiy dfiueen Anne, intituled, An a6l for laying additional duties on foap and paper, and upo» certain linens, filks, callicoes and duffs, and upon darch and exported coals, and upon damped vellom, parchment and paper, for raifing one million four hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for her Majedy’s fupply, and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, (beep (kins and lamb (kins, and for didribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and feamen for gun-money, and to adjud the property of tickets in former lotteries ; and touching certain (hares of dock in the capital of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the mo-^ nies granted to her Majedy, certain duties, rates, or impofitions, or additional duties, rates or impofitions on foap, paper, and upon Geo. 2. c. 18. certain linnens, filks, callicoes and fluff's, and upon Jlarch and export*

' ed coals, and upon Jlamped vellom, parchment and paper, were there* by granted to her Majefi.y for a term or terms of thirty two ytars\ to be reckoned from the feeond day of Augud one thousand feven bun* dred and fourteen, and the yearly fum of one hundred and five thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to arife by the j'aid additional duties, rates or impofitions, and to be brought into the receipt of exchequer*, in cafe the fame fhonld extend thereto,. Jhould be computed? and reckoned a yearly fund> and in cafe the monies arifing. into the ex-

chequer

For mat'ers concerning the duties hereby granted fee



3

1729-] Anno secundo Georgii fl. c. 3.

chequer for the faid duties Jhould not amount to the furh of one him* dred and five th onfand pounds per annum, then the monies fo arifing Jhould be part of the yearly fund, towards anfivering and paying certain principal fums therein after appointed to be paid, for the fortunate and blank tickets in the lottery thereby eftablijhed, amounting together to one million eight hundredfeventy fix thousand four hundred pounds, with inter eft after the rate of four pounds per centum per ann im, with certain provifions for fupplying the deficiency ofi the faid fund of one hundred and five thousand pounds per annum from time to time, in cafe the faid additional duties, rates or impositions ftoould not be fufficient for that purpofe; and by the fame aft all the monies arifing by the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, not exceeding one hundred and five thousand pounds per annum, were appropriated to pay off the faid feveralprincipal fums with interefl in the order and courfe thereby directed; and by the fame aft the annual fur plus of the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, beyond one hundred and five thousand pounds per annum, was referved for the difpofition of parliament; and it was alfo provided by the faid afty That if before the end of the faid term of thirty two years all the faid principal and inter eft monies, and all other payments and charges by virtue of the faid afty Jhould be fully paid and difcharged, then and from thenceforth the faid duties, rates and fums of money thereby charged, and the monies arifing thereby, Jhould be referved for the ufe of the publicky and Jhould be difpofed of by authority of parliamenty and not other wife: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the rGeo.i.fbt.j Fir ft y of glorious memory, intituled, An a <Et for rectifying mi takes c. z. in the ngmes of the commiflioners for the land-tax for the year one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, and for railing fo much as is wanting to make up the fum of fourteen hundred thousand pounds intended to be raifed by a lottery for the pub-lick fervice in the faid year, among fl other things it is enafted, That yearly and every year, during the faid thirty two years, the fum of one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred and feventy three pounds twelve findings {in lieu of the afiorefaid yearly fum of one hundred and five thousand pounds) to arij'e by or out of the monies arifing by the faid additional or new duties by the before recited aft granted, and to be brought into the receipt of exchequer, in cafe the fame Jhould extend thereto, Jhould be computed and reckoned the yearly find, and in cafe the monies arifing into the exchequer Jhall not amount to one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy three pounds twelve Jinllings per annum, then part of the yearly fund, towards the an-fwering and paying off all and every the faid principal fums, amounting to one million eight hundred feventy fix thousand four hundred pounds, with interefl for the fame after the refpeftive rates therein after mentioned, that is to fay, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum for fo much thereof as Jhould be contained in the fortunate tickets to be drawn in purfuance of the faid afts> and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for fo much of the faid principal fums as Jhould be contained in the other tickets, commonly called Blank Tickets, to be drawn purfiaant to the fame efts>

B 2	uvh



4

Anno secundo Georgii II. c/3.	[1729.

with proper provifions for making good the deficiencies of the faid new fund of one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy-three pounds tivelve Jhillings per annum, as by the faid recited aftSy relation thereunto reffectively being had, more fully may appear: and whereas fo much of the faid principal fum as was contained in the faid fortunate tickets, carrying an interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, did amount to the fum of feven hundred and nineteen thousand and forty pounds, and fo much thereof as was contained in the faid blank tickets carrying an interefi after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, did amount to the fum of one million one hundred and fifty feven thousand three hundred and fixty pounds, both ivhich fums together make the faid fum of one million eight hundred feventy fix thousand four hundred pounds: and frGco. 1. c.4. whereas by an aft of parliament made in the Jixth year of the reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Firjl, For enabling the South-Sea company to enlarge the capital flock and fund of the faid company, the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions ivere continued for every and thereby the then remaining principal fums charged thereon, were impowered to be taken into the capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, and the faid company was to be intitled to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, for fo much of the faid principal fums carrying inter efi at four pounds per centum per annum, as fhould be Jo taken into their capital flock ; and as to fo much of the faid principal fums carrying an interejl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as fhould be taken into the faid capital jlocky the faid company were to be intitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until the feafi-day of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift which jhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty-fieveny and from and after the faid feafi-day then to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, in lieu of the former interejl or annuity payable for the famey and to be charged on the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions; and alfo by virtue of the faid aft the faid South-Sea company ivere to be intitled to an additional allowance for charges of management, to be aftenvards fettled and adjufied in refpeft of the ivhole increafe of their capital by virtue of that afty to be charged proportionally on the- refpeftive duties and revenues on which the refpeftive debts that floould be taken into their capital ivere then charged: a?id whereas in purfuance of the laft recited aft the feveral following principal fums were fubfcribed or taken into the capitalflock of the faid South-Sea compatiyy videlicet* So many of the faid principal fumSy carrying an interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as amounted together to the principal fum of five hundred thirty eight thousand feve?i hundred and twenty pounds \ and fo many of the faid principal fumSy carrying an interejl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as amounted together to the principal fum of'eight hundred fixty five thousand two hundred and fifty poundsy both which principal jums make together the principal fum of one million four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and feventy pounds, in refpefi vjbereof the faid

company

Hosted by

Google

5

5729*]	>	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	II. c. 3.

company are now intitled to an annuity of fifty fix thoufiand one hundred and fifty eight pounds fix teen /killings, being after the rate offour pounds per centum per annum for the faid principal fum of one mil-* lion four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and feventy pounds, redeemable by parliament, charged on the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions: and whereas the additional allowance to the faid company, by virtue of the laft recited aft, for charges of management, hath been fettled and adjufied at twelve thousand pounds per annum, and the proportional part thereof, in refpeft of the faid. fum of one million four hundred and three thousand nine hundred and feventy pounds, ivhich by virtue of the faid laft recited aft is charged or chargeable upon the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, amounts by computation to the yearly fum of fix hundred forty fix pounds twelve J.hillings and two pence halfpenny : and whereas all the reft and refi-due of the feveral principal fums fo as aforefaid charged on the faid yearly fund of one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy three pounds and twelve /hillings, to arife out of the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions (over and beyond the fums fo as aforefaid taken into the capital flock of the South-Sea company) have been paid off and difcharged, by means whereof and of the provifions in the faid laft recited aft, the faid former fund is ceafed and determined, and the faid additional rates, duties or impofitions Jl-and now charged only with the jaid annuity of fifty fix thousand one hundred and fifty eight pounds fixteen Jbillings, payable to the South-Sea company, redeemable by parliament, and the faid proportional annual fum of fix hundred forty fix pounds tzvelve /hillings and two pence halfpenny, payable to the faid company for charges of management as aforefaid, and fubjeft thereto, the furplus of the monies arifing from the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, is liable to the difpofition of parliament : and whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have confented and agreed to advance and pay into the receipt of your Majefiys exchequer the fum of one million tivo hundred and fifty thousand pounds, at the times and in manner herein after mentioned, for the purchafe of an annuity of fifty thoufiand pounds to be paid to them and their fucceffors for ever, fubjeft to redemption by parliament, to be charged on the /aid furplus monies to arife for the additional duties, rates or impofitions, fo fubjeft as aforefaid: now we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being defirous effectually to enable your Majesty to fecure and preferve the commerce, privileges and poffeffions of your Majesty and your fubjeCts, and the balance of power in Europe, by a juft, fafe and honourable peace, and at the fame time to raife the fupplies which we have ehearfully granted to your Majesty for thefe purpofes in the eafieft: manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majesty, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this a6t do give and grant to your Majesty the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be railed in fuch manner and form as is. herein after directed ; and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enaCled, and be it enaCted by the king's moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

B 3	fent

Bank of Eng* land to advance

1,250,0001.



6	Anno	fecundo	Georgii II. <c. 3*	[1729.

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. An annuity of That yearly and every year from and after the feaft day of the nativitY ^a^nt J°J?n the Baptijl which fhall be in the year of 1 1 ^our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, a certain yearly fum or fund of fifty thousand pounds, being after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for or upon the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds to be raifed by this act, be fettled and eftablifhed and be payable in the manner and form herein after exprefied and declared, for fatisfying the annuities to be purchafed in purfuance of this a<5t from time to time, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo or provifoes herein after for that pur-pole contained.

II. And for the better fecuring and eftablifhing the faid fund, it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid yearly fund or fum of fifty thousand pounds fhall be and is hereby charged upon, and payable out of all the overplus or furplus monies of the; fa id additional duties, rates or impofitions. Charged upon fo granted as aforefaid^ which fhall from time to time remain in moiiieTof'the exchequer, after fatisfying or referving there fufficient to fa-additional du-	fo much as (hall be incurred or grown due tothe faid South-Sect

ties,	company	upon	their faid annuity, and additional allowance for

charges of management; and the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall, and to be naid	^ley are hereby required quarterly in every year, after the faid

quarterly	feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl which (hall be

from 24. June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty 272-9*	nine, viz. on the refpefilive feaft days of Saint Michael the Arch-

angel, of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, of the annunciation of the blefted Virgin Mary, and of the nativity of Saint John the Bap-tijl, in each year, or within fix days after luch feaft-days refpec-tively, to caufe the overplus or furplus monies of the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, to be computed accordingly, and to caufe luch furplus or overplus monies as fhall appear upon fuch refpeftive computations, from time to time, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, to be fet apart, referved and applied for and towards the making good the faid yearly fund or fum of fifty thousand pounds, or the quarterly proportions thereof, without diverting or mifapplying any of the monies* which, by the faid act of the fixth year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, ought to be referved or applied for or tpwards fatisfying the faid annuity or additional allowance to the faid South-Seacovcir pany.

Times of a PI* And belt enafited by the authority aforefaid. That the go-men^by the^ vernor and company of the bank of England fhall, and they are bank of the hereby required and enjoined to advance and pay into the receipt ?{ZS°,oool.	of his  Majesty’s exchequer, the full and intire fum of one million

two hundred and fifty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, in manner followings that is to fay, one moiety thereof

on



1729.] Anno secundo GeoRGII IL c. 3.	7

on or before the fecond day of April which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and the other moiety on or before the fixth day of October which fhall be in the faid year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine ; and that in cafe the faid governor and company of the bank of England fhall make failure in payment of the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, contrary to the tenor of the directions hereby given or enacted for payment thereof, then the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, fhall and may be recovered in his  Majesty’s name, for the ufes and purpofes of this act, by action of debt or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed ; in which action, bill, fuit or information, it fhall be lawful to declare, that the faid governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the monies whereof they fhall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame.

Which fhall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch action, fuit, bill or information, there fhall be further recovered to his  Majesty’s ufe, againft the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-land) damages after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this act, befides full cofts of fuit, and the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their capital flocks and funds, fhall be and are hereby made fubject and liable thereto.

IV.	Provided always, That in cafe the commifiioners of his the money

Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or vance1 before * more of them, or the lord high treafurerfor the time being, fhall tiie time ap-judge it convenient for his Majeily’s fervice, that any part or pointed, bank parts of the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty thou- to have a dif-fand pounds fo as aforefaid appointed to be paid by the faid go-	4	**

vernor and company of the bank of England, fhould be paid in P advance by them on any day or days before or fooner than any

of the refpe&ive days before appointed for payment of the fame in moieties, and the fame governor and company fhall voluntarily confent to pay the fame in advance accordingly; thatthenand in every fuch cafe the faid commifiioners of the treafury or lord high trealurer may, and have hereby power to allow to the fame governor and company, out of every fuch payment in advance, a rebate or difcount, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, upon the monies fo paid in advance, from the refpe&ive day or days of fuch payment, to the day on which the fame is herein before appointed to be paid as aforefaid.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That on On payment payment by the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-9* the money, land, of the faid fum of one million two hundred and fiftyto”heannulttT thousand pounds, at the times and in manner aforefaid, the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors and affigns, fhall

intitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the receipt oF his Ma~

B 4	jefty’s



$

Treafury to fign orders for payment of'the annuity.

Annuity a perfonal eftate, Sec,

How deficiency fhall be made good.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c, 3.	[1729.

jefty’s exchequer aforefaid, by and out of the faid yearly fund by this a<5t eftablifhed as aforefaid, one annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to commence from the twenty fourth day of June which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and to be paid and payable to them, their fucceffors and affigns, by quarterly payments, at the feafts of Saint Michael the Archangel, of the birth of our Lord Chrifl, of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, and of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl in every year, by even and equal portions for ever, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo or provifoes herein after for that purpose contained, and that the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, fhall be free from all manner of taxes, impofitions or charges whatsoever.

VI.	And for the better and more regular payment of the faid annuity of fifty thousand pounds to the faid governor and com -

t pany of the bank 6f England, their fucceffors and affigns for ever, fubjeft to redemption as aforefaid, an order or orders fhall be figned by the commiffioners of the treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, for the payment thereof; and after the figning thereof, the fame fhall be good, valid and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this act, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any of the faid commiffioners of the tre.a-fury, or the lord high treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them or any of them, nor fhall any commiffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch order or orders fo figned as aforefaid.

VII.	And it is hereby ena&ed. That the faid annuity of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, fhall be adjudged to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and fhall not be liable to any foreign attachment; any law or cuftom to the contrary not-withffanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand fe*ven hundred and twenty nine, the overplus or furplus monies of the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, fhall be fo low or deficient, as that the monies arifen therefrom into the exchequer, at the end of any the faid quarterly feafts, fhall not be fufficient to pay and difeharge the quarter’s annuity then due and payable, according to the tenor and true meaning of this a<ft, then and fo often and in every fuch cafe,, the deficiency of any fuch quarter fhall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies of the faid additional rates, duties and impofitions, arifing in any fubfequent quarter; and in cafe at any time or times after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and twenty-nine, fuch produce fhall be fo low or deficient at the end of any one year (computing the fame

to



1729-] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 3.

to end at	Chrijlmasday yearly) as that the fame fhall not be fuf-

ficient to pay and difcharge the whole year’s annuity then grown due, then every fuch yearly deficiency fhall, from time to time, be anfwered and made gqod by and out of the firft fupplies, which fhall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiency fhall appear ; and in cafe no fuch fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiency fhall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any of the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund, as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former a6t or a£ts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be, from time to time, ifTued and applied accordingly.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Monies ifTued forefaid. That whatever monies fhall be fo ifTued out of the out of the fink-faid finking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced thereto by j^fu^d^o and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament. e rep ace

X.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore-

faid. That in cafe there fhall be any furplus or remainder of the surplus to be monies arifing by the faid additional duties or impofitions, at difpofedofby the end of any one year (computing the fame to end at parliament, Chrijlmas day yearly) after the faid annuity of fifty thousand pounds and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder fhall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be ifTued but by authority of parliament, and as fhall be directed by future a6t or adts of parliament, any thing in any former or other adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.'

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a- on repayment forefaid. That upon repayment by parliament to the faid gover- of the money nor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefTors t0 the. bank, or affigns, of the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty ceafe1^ t0 thousand pounds, without any dedudlion, difcountor abatement whatsoever to be made out of the fame or any part thereof, and

of all arrears of the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, then and not till then, the faid annuity or yearly fum fhall from thenceforth ceafe and be underftood to be redeemed; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing by the faid furplus or overplus monies of the faid additional duties, rates or impofitions, fhall not be ifTued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as fhall be directed by future a61 or adls of^ parliament; any thing in this or in any former adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And in regard it is intended that the faid annuity or yearly " fum of feventy thousand pounds, may he redeemed by any payments not

lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, and that as the faid principal money Jhall be paid off\ the faid annuity fhall proportionally fink a?id be abated; be it therefore provided and enabled by

6	the



10

After 24 June 1730. on payment of a fum not lei's than 5CO,oool. a proportional part of the annuity to ceafe.

Bank to continue a corporation till redemption of the whole fum.

Bank may transfer the annuity.

7 Ann* c. 7.

Anno lecundo Georgii II. c. 3.	£	1729.

the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times after the twenty fourth day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, payment be made to the faid governor and company of the bank of England of any fum or fums of money (not being lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time) in part of the faid principal fum at which the faid annuity is redeemable, and alfo if payment be thenalfo made of all arrears of the faid annuity, then from and after every fuch payment fo made, lo much of the faid annuity, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part of the faid whole principal fum, fhall ceafe, determine, and be underfiood to be redeemed 3 any thing in this or in any former a*5t or a6ts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefiors, fhall continue and be a corporation, and fhall enjoy all the capacities, powers, privileges and advantages to them as a corporation belonging, until the compleat redemption of the whole of the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, according to the before mentioned provifoes for that purpose 3 any former or other ftatute to the contrary not* withftanding.

XIV.	And for the better enabling the faid governor and com^ pany of the bank of England at all times hereafter to fupport their own and the publick credit, be it ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company lhall or may, and they are hereby impowered, at any time or times hereafter, to aftign, transfer, or otherwife to difpofe of the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds by this act eftablifhed, every or any part or parcel, parts or parcels thereof, to any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, in fuch manner and form as the faid governor and company lhall think proper ; lubjedt neverthelefs to fuch redemption by parliament as aforefaid, and without power to enlarge their capital (lock by or out of the fame.

XV.	And whereas in purfuance of a certain a ft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of her late Majefiy Queen Anne, in-? tituled, An a<5t for enlarging the capital ftock of the bank of England, and for raifing a further fupply to her Majesty for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and nine, the faid governor and company of the hank ^England did become intitled to cl. certain ajinuity or yearly fum of one hundred and Jix thousand five hundred and 07ie pounds thirteen findings and five pence, being after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for or in refpeft of the Jam of one million feven hundred feventy five thousand and twenty feven pounds feventeen finllings and ten pence halfpenny, being the a-meunt of certain exchequer-bills by the faid aft dire ft ed to be delivered up by the jaid governor and company to be cancelled, which annuity was thereby charged on certain duties on houfes therein mentioned, and %vas made redeemable by parliament on repayment to the fame governor and company of the faid fum of cm million feven hundred feventy



II

1729*] Anno secundo GeqRGJI II. c, g,

five tboufand and twenty /even pounds feventeen /killings and ten pence halfpenny: and whereas by an a ft of parliament 7nade in the third far of the reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Firfiy 3 Geo.i, c.g. intituled, An a# for redeeming feveral funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to former provifoes of redemption, and for fecuripg to them feveral new*funds and allowances redeemable by parliament, and for obliging th.em to advance further fupis not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum, as (hall be found neceffary to be imployed in Jeffening the national debts and incumbrances, and for continuing certain provifions made for the expence of his  Majesty’s civil government, and for payment of annuities formerly purchafed at the rate of five pounds per cen-turn, and for other purpofes in this adl mentioned, the faid duty on houfesy on which the faid loft mentioned annuity ivas charged, was added to and made part of the aggregate fund eftabli/bed by the faid alt y and the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen /hillings and five pence, was thereby reduced to an annuity of eighty eight thousand J'even hundred fifty one pounds /even /hillings and ten pence halfpenny, redeemable by parlia-7nent, being after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for or in refpeft of the faid Jum of one million feven hundred feventy five thousand and twenty feven pounds feventeen /hillings and ten pence halfpenny ; and by or in purfuance of the faid lafi mentioned aft, the faid governor and company of the bank 0/Engl and became intitled to one other annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds, being after the rate cf five pounds per centum per annum, for or in refpeft of the fum of two millions, being the amount of certain other exchequer bills by the fame aft direfted to be delivered up by the fame governor and company to be cancelled, which lafi mentioned annuity was thereby charged on the, faid aggregate fund, and was made redeemable by parliament on repayment, to the fame governor and com* pany, of the faid fum of two millions: and whereas by a fubfequent aft of parliament, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Firfiy intituled, An a£t for continuing nGeo.i. c« 9. the feveral annuities of eighty eight thousand feven hundred fifty one pounds feven (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand pounds, to the bank of England, until Mid-fummer one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven; and from thence for reducing the fame to feventy one thousand and one pounds two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eighty thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament, and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erafed bank bills or notes, it was amongfi other things enaftedy That the faid two lafi mentioned feveral annuities Jkould be reduced accordifigly ; and it ivas alfo thereby provided and enaftedy That if at any time or times thei'eafter payment /hould be made to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, of any fum or funis cf money (not being lefs than five hun*r dred thousand pounds at a time) in part of the faid feveral principal fums of one million feven hundred feventy five thousand and twenty feven pounds feventeen /hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and two mil-



Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 3.	[	1729;

Hons, or either of them, fo much of the faid refpeftive annuities attending the fame, as Jhould hear proportion to the refpeftive fu?ns fo paid in part of the faid refpeftive principal fams, flmild ceafe, deter* mine and he abated, as by the faid feveral laft mentioned a ft s.of parliament, relation thereto refpeftively being had, more fully may appear : and whereas in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the iGeo.a.ftat.2.firfi year of his prefent Majefifs reign, intituled, An act for grant-c* 8*	ing an aid to his Majesty by fale of annuities to the bank of Eng-

land , at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm, and for further applying the produce of the finking fund, and for inlarging the time for'exchanging Nevis and Saint Chriflopher’s debentures for annuities at three pounds per centum, and for applying the arrears of his late  Majesty’s civil lift revenues, the fum of one million hath been paid to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in part of the faid principal fum of one million feven hundredfeventy five thousand and twenty feven pounds feventeen Jhillings and ten pence halfpenny, for redeeming forty thousand pounds per annum, being a proportional part of the faid annuity of feventy one thousand and one pounds two /hillings and three pence three farthings; fo that there is ;now fubfifling of the fame annuity only the yearly fum of thirty one thousand and one pounds tivo Jhillings and three pence three farthings, which is redeemable on payment to the fame governor and company, of the remaining principal film of feven hundred feventy five thousand and twenty Jeven pounds feventeen Jhillings and ten pence halfpenny.: now to the intent that a fufficient fum or fums may be raifed and applied, not only to redeem the remainder of the faid laft mentioned annuity, butalfo to pay to the fame governor and company the further fum of five hundred thousand pounds, towards redeeming a proportional part of their faid annuity of eighty thousand pounds, payable in refpecl of the faid fum of two millions, be it further enacfted by the authority afore-faid, That by or out of fuch monies as are or fhall be in the receipt of exchequer, of the furplufifes, exceffes or overplus mo-Out of the nies, commonly called the finking fund, arifen or to arife at or aT(hal? arife ^rom ^ea^T °f annunciation of the blcfTed Virgin Mary from 25March	ftaah t>e’m year of our Lord one thousand feven hun-

1729.	dred and twenty nine (after payment of, or referving fufficient

Money to be to pay, fuch monies as have been directed by any former or o-

r^teFly ^ler °r a(^s °** Par^ament t0 Pa^ out t^le fame furpluf-for redeeming excefi'es or overplus monies) there fhall be iftued, paid and the remainder applied to the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-of the annuity land, at the faid feaft-day, and afterwards quarterly, from time of 71,0011, as. to time as t}-ie fame fhall arife, fuch fum or fums of money as 3 ’	fhall on fuch quarter-day be in the faid receipt of exchequer, for

or towards redeeming the faid remainder of the before mentioned annuity of feventy one thousand and one pounds two Phillings and three pence three farthings, until the fame payments fhall in the whole amount to the principal fum of feven hundred feventy five thousand twenty feven pounds feventeen {hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and that as the faid payments of principal

money



1729.] Anno secundo GeorcSii II. c. 4, 5,	13

money (hall from time to time be made, a proportional part of the faid annuity attending thereon (hall alfo from time to time ceafe, determine, and be abated for the benefit of the publick.

XVI.	And be it furtherena6ted by the authority aforefaid,That 500,000). for by or out of the fame furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies com- adeeming a monly called The finking fund (after payment of or referving fuf- pan^of the an-ficient for paying the faid fum of feven hundred feventy five thou- ^ujty Gf fand twenty feven pounds feventeen fhillings and ten pence half- 80,0001. penny) there fhall be iffued, paid and applied, in one intire payment, to the fame governor and company, the fum of five hundred thousand pounds, for redeeming a proportional part of their

before mentioned annuity of eighty thousand pounds, or by fuch other quarterly payments, in part of the faid five hundred thousand pounds, until the whole be compleated, as the fame governor and company fhall voluntarily agree to accept of 3 and that when and as fuch payment of five hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, is made, a proportional part of the fame annuity of eighty thousand pounds fhall from time to time ceafe, determine and be abated for the benefit of the publick.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority The remairi-aforefaid, That all the monies which fhall arife for the faid fur- der to be ap-pluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called the fmk- propriated for ing fund (over and beyond what will fatisfy and pay the feveral nationaTdebts fums before diredted to be iffued and paid thereout, and fuch incurred be-other charges as have been heretofore made therein by author!- fore 25 Dec. ty of parliament) fhall be appropriated, referved and applied to *7*6.

and for the further difcharging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, and are declared to be national debts, and were provided for by a<5t or adts of parliament, in fuch manner and form as fhall be diredted by any future adl or adls of parliament, to be difcharged therewith or out of the fame, and to and for no o-ther ufe, intenffor purpose whatfoever.

CAP. IV.

An a£l for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine. EXP. 3 s. in the pound.

For application of the fur plus of the duties arifing by this atl fee 2 Geo.

2. c. 18.

CAP. V.

An adt for repairing the roads leading from Cannal’s Gate to the city of Lichfield, and from the faid city to Stone, and from thence to the end of the county of Stafford in the poft road towards Chefter ; and alfo , from the town of Burton upon Trent to the faid city of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood End and Ogley Hay \ and alfo from the faid city ' of Lichfield to High Bridges in the county of Stafford, and the county of the faid city of Lichfield.

’The tolls and powers took place 1 May 1729. and arc to continue for 21 years,

CAP.



[1729

* &9 W. 3. c. 28.

CAP. VI.

An aft for making good the lofs occaftoned by a fum of money being flolen out of his Majefifs exchequer in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty four.

WHEREAS the cajh room belonging to the office 0/William Powlett efquire (commonly called lord William Powlett) one of the tellers of his Majefly's exchequer, wasy betwixt Monday the firjl and Wednefday the third of February one thousand feven hundred and twenty four, broke intoy and there was folen thence, and carried away, the fnm of four thousand one hundred ninety one pounds fourteen /hillings and fix pence, notwithflanding all due care was taken for fecu'rity of the J'aid cajh, according to the directions of the aft made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of the late King William the Thirds of glorious memory y intitule dy An act for the better observation of the courfe antiently ufed in the receipt of the exchequer, and there was not any negleft or default in the faid teller, or in any of the officers or fervants intrufed or employed by or under him ; and it is juft and reafonable to make provifion for making good the faid lofs, and to declare the indemnity and difcharge of the faid teller in refpeft thereof; may it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enabled, &c.

4,191 1. 14 s. 6d. ftolen out of Lord William Powletfs office, to be replaced there out of the finkirig fund : he and his fureties, &c< indemnified.

CAP. VII.

An aft for the more effeftual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other parts of his Majejiy's dominions, the duties granted for the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich.

7 W. 3. c. 21

WHEREAS by an aft made in

reign of his late majejiy King William the' Thirds intituled*

the feventh year of the lliam th£ Thirdy intiiu An a£l for the increafe and encouragement of feamen, and an

% w. 3. c. 23. aft made in the eighth year of bis faid late Majejiy's reign, intituled, An a£t to inforce the a£t for the increafe and encouragement of feamen, and alfo another aft made in the tenth year of the reign of 10 Ann. c. 17. her late Majefy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better col-le&ing and recovering the duties granted for the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, and for the further benefit thereof, and for the preferving her  Majesty’s harbour moorings, there was given and ejlablijhed, for the fupport of the faid hofpital, a duty of fix pence per menfem, payable by all feamen, and particularly by the faid aft of the tenth of Queen Anne, it was (amongfl other things) enacted^ That the faid duty Jhould be paid by every feaman, and other perfon whatfoever) that Jhould ferve or be imployed by her Majejiy, her heirs or JuccefforS) or by any other per Jon or per Jons whatjoever, in any of her Majefys Jhipsy or in any Jhip or veffiel belonging to any of the fubjefts of Great Britain or Ireland, or dominions thereunto belonging, and by every wafer or owner navigating his own Jhip or

2	veffiel\



1729.] Anno secundo Georgii IL c. 7.

veffiel, whether imployed upon the high fea or coajh of the fame, or in any port, bay or creek, other than and except fuch perfons, as by the faid lafi mentioned aft are excepted and exempted from payment of the faid duty; and it was, by the faid laft mentioned aft, further enafted. That for the better levying a?id colkfting the J<aid duty it Jhould be lawful for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffion-ers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time beings to appoint Juch perfon or perfons, as he or they Jhould think fit, to be receiver or receivers of the faid duty, and alfo to authorize fuch receiver or receivers to depute and appoint the colleftorsy or other officers of the cufloms of the feveral out ports of this kingdom> and of the ports of the kingdom of Ireland, or fuch others, as he or they Jhould think fit, to colie ft and receive the fame, which power ?jot extending to the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, nor to his Majefifs colonies, ifiands and domi?iions in A-merica, the faid duty of fix pence per menfem has not hitherto been colie fted in any of the faid ifiands, colonies or dominions, notwithfland-ing the general direftion in the faid aft of the tenth of ®Jueen Anne, that the fame Jhould be paid by all maflers, owners, jeamen, and others imployed in any Jhips or veffiels belonging to any of his Maje-Jlys fubjefts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belonging, to the great lofs and prejudice of the faid hofpital; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid feve-ral acts heretofore made concerning the faid duty of fix pence per menfem, and every claufe, penalty, power and thing therein contained, and not altered by this prefent a6t, (hall extend, and from henceforth be conftrued, adjudged, deemed, and taken to extend, to all (hips and veflels belonging to any of the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs and lucceftbrs, within the faid ifiands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and every of them refpedtively,' and within all and every his  Majesty’s colonies, ifiands and dominions in America, as well as to thofe within Great Britain and Ireland; and that from henceforth every fea-man, and other perfon whatsoever, that fhall ferve or be imployed in any (hips or veflels belonging, or that (hall belong, to any of the fubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, within the faid ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or any of them refpedlively, or within any of his  Majesty’s colonies, Klands or dominions in America, and every mafter or owner working his own (hip or veflel, whether the fame be imployed upon the high fea or in any port, harbour, bay or creek ; other than fuch apprentices under the age of eighteen years, as are exempted from payment of fix pence per menfem, by an adl made in the fecond year of the reign of her faid late Majesty Queen Anne, and fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be imployed in any boat upon any the coafts of the faid ifiands, colonies or dominions refpedlively, in taking fifn, which are brought frefh on Shore, to be confumed in the faid ifiands, colonies or dominions

*5

The duty of 6d. per men-fern for Greenwich, hofpital to be paid by all velfels belon ing to Jerfe\, Guernfey, ix.

Exceptions

% Atm. Co

re-





Receiver of the duties to appoint collectors in the ports of the laid iflands, &c*

Collectors ^ may examine matters, &c. oath.

refpe&ively, and every perfon and perfons imployed in boats or veffel $, that trade only from place to place within any river of the faid iflands, colonies or dominions refpedfively, or in any open boats upon the coafts of the fame; ihall pay, and there fhall be allowed and paid by every fuch matter, owner, feaman or other perfon imployed, or that fhall be imployed as aforefaid (except fuch perfons as are herein before excepted) the faid duty of fix pence per menfem, of lawful money of Great Britain$ or the value thereof in the money of the faid iflands, colonies or dominions refpe&ively, and proportionably for a (horter time than a month, during the time he or they fhall be imployed in, or belong to any fuch fhip or veffel, far the better fupport of the faid hofpital, and to augment the revenues thereof, for the purpofes in the faid feveral recited a6ts mentioned; which faid duty (hall be paid by the matters, commanders and owners of all and every fuch fhips and veffels refpecSUvely, who are hereby authorized, impowered and required to deductt and detain the fame out of the wages, (hares or other profits payable or accruing to every Teaman or other perfon imployed in any fuch fhip or veffel, and liable to the payment of the faid duty, if fuch Teaman or other perfon (hall have or be intitled to any fuch wages, fhares or profits*

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That for the better and more eafy cohering and levying the faid duty of fix pence per menfem in the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfcy+ Alderney, Sark and Man, and in his  Majesty’s colonies, iflands and dominions in America, it fhall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who is, are or (hall be appointed receiver or receivers of the faid duty, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid a6t of the tenth of Queen Anne, to depute and appoint any officer or officers of the cuftoms of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, in the feveraJ ports of the faid iflands, colonies and dominions refpecttively, or fuch other perfon or perfons, as he or they fhall think fit, to collect the fame, which faid collectors, To to be appointed, are hereby authorized and required to collect the faid duty of fix pence per menfem in the feveral ports of the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and of ev§T ry of them refpectively, and alfo in the ports of all and every his  Majesty’s colonies, illands and dominions in America, according to fuch inftructions as (hall from time to time be fent to them in writing by fuch receiver or receivers \ and for the faid collectoris care-and pains therein, it fhall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commifiioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, to make fuch allowances to them out of the faid duty, as he or they (hall judge reafonable*

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch collectors of the faid duty in the ports of the faid . iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and in the ports of the faid colonies, iflands and dominions in America, Co ■ to be appointed as aforefaid, and every of them refpectively for



*7

1729.] Anno secundo Georgii II. C.7;

the time being, fhall be, and is, and are hereby fully authorized and required to fummon and examine upon oath all and every the mafters, commanders and owners of all fhips or veffels belonging to any of the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, within the faid iflands, colonies and dominions, or any of them refpedlively* in fuch and the fame manner as the receiver or receivers of the faid duty, and his or their deputy or deputies are authorized and impowered by the faid adl of the tenth of Queen Anne, to fummon and examine the mafters, commanders and owners of fhips and veffels belonging to the fubjedls of Great Britain and Ireland\ and if any fuch mafter. Mailers, &c. commander or owner of any fhip or veffel belonging to any of refilling, for-the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, within the ^eit 20 faid iflands, colonies and dominions, or any of them refpedlive-ly, fhall refufe or neglect, when fummoned, to appear or to make fuch difcovery upon oath, as by the faid adt of the tenth of Queen Anne is required (which oath fuch colledtors for the ioAmas,c.i7« time being, and every of them refpedlively, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) then and in every fuch cafe, every fuch mafter, commander and owner, fhall for every fuch refufal or negledt forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, or the value thereof in the money of the faid iflands, colonies or dominions where the fame fhall be incurred, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner and to fuch ufes as in that behalf is herein after mentioned and diredled.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority a- Traders from forefaid, That all and every the mafters, commanders and own- the iflands to ers of fhips or veffels belonging to any of the fubjecls of his Ma- Great Britain, jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, within the faid iflands of Guernfey, ^h^ar^of Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any of them, or within any the duty as of his  Majesty’s colonies, iflands or dominions in America, who /hall be due at fhall trade or fail from the faid iflands, colonies or dominions, their arrival in or any of them, to Great Britain or Ireland and back again to ^eat Bntain> the faid iflands, colonies or dominions, fhall pay fuch part and proportion of the faid duty of fix pence per menfem, as fhall be due from fuch mafters, commanders and owners refpedlively at the time of their arrival, and during their continuance in Great Britain ox Ireland, within the faid kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland refpedlively, and fuch part and proportion thereof as fhall be due from them refpedlively, at the time of their return to, ancj t^e other and during their continuance in the faid iflands, colonies or do- part at their minions, within the faid iflands, colonies and dominions refpec- return, tively; and that all and every the mafters, commanders and Owners of fhips or veffels belonging to any of the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, within the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or either of them, who fhall trade or fail from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the faid iflands, colonies or dominions and back again to Great Britain or Ireland, fhall pay the faid duty of fix pence per menfem only in the faid Traders from kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland refpedlively, and no part Great Britain,

Vol. XVI.	C	there-	&c. to pay on,

Jy here.



iS	Anno	fecundo	Gegrgii	II.	c.7*	[1729,

thereof in any of the faid iflands, colonies or dominions.

V.	And whereas by the faid at1 of the tenth of ghieen Anne, the wafers, commanders and owners of flips in his Majejiys fervice, are exempted from being fummoned and examined by the receivers of the faid duty, and their deputies, in fuch mariner as the wafers, commanders and owners of merchant Jhips and other private vejfels are thereby made liable to, and alfo from the penalties and forfeitures thereby impofed and in flitted for refufmg to obey fuch fummons and make fuch difcovery as by the faid laf mentioned att is required, and for tiegletting to pay the faid duty within the time thereby limited for payment thereof, which exemption has been claimed by and alloived to the wafers, commanders and owners of merchant flips and other private vejfels hired and employed by the commijfoners Gr other officers of the navy, victualling, ordnance, cufloms, pofl-office and other publick offices of the crown, zvhereby the mafers, commanders, oivners and jailors belonging to fuch flips and vejfels have often avoided the payment of the faid duty, contrary to the true meaning of the faid att of the tenth of ficeen Anne, ivhicb only intended to exempt the commanders and other officers of his Majejiy s flips of war from Jiich fummons, examinations and penalties: for remedy whereof be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the receiver and receivers of the faid duty fo appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, and his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, to fummon and examine upon oath all and every the matters, commanders and owners of merchant ttiips and other vettels hired or employed, or that at any time hereafter > lhall be hired or employed by the committioners, or other officers of the navy, victualling, ordnance, cuftoms, pott-office or any other publick office or offices of the crown, for or in the fervice of his Majetty, his heirs or fucceffors, in fuch and the fame manner as fuch receiver or receivers, and his or their deputy or deputies, are by the faid acl of the tenth of Queen Anne, and by this prefent act, directed and impowered to fummon and examine the matters, commanders and owners of other mer-Mafters of c^ant ihips and private vettels, and if any fuch matter, corn-merchant fhips mander or owner of any fhip or vettel hired or employed, or to hired by com- be hired or employed by the committioners, or other officers of miiiioners ot any fuch publick'office or offices, for or in the fervice of his be^xandnTd^ Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors as aforefaid, (hall refufe to ap-by the recei- PeaG or to make fuch difcovery upon oath, as by the faid act vers.	of the tenth of Queen Anne is required to be made by the ma-

tters, commanders and owners of other merchant ttiips and private vettels (which oath fuch receiver or receivers, and his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, and every of them refpeettively, is and are hereby impowered and required to ad-minitter) or (hall neglect to pay fuch monies as fhall from time so Ann, 0.17. to time be due to the faid hofpital, from fuch matter, commander or owner refpedtively, for or on account of the faid duty, within the time herein after limited and appointed for payment thereof, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch matter, commander



t*2q.J rAnno fecuildo Georgii II. c. 7.

*9

mander and owner of any fhip oiweffel fo hired or employed, or to be hired or employed by the commiffioners, or other officers of any fuch publick office or offices, for or in the fervice of his Majefty;, his heirs or fucceffors as aforefaid, fo refufing or neg- on refufal to lecfting, fhall for every fuch refufal or negledt forfeit the fum of be examined, twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recover- *orielt z0 * ed and applied in fuch manner and for fuch ufes as in that behalf is herein after mentioned and directed.

VI.	And for the eafier and more effectual collecting the faid duty of fix pence per menfem of and from the matters, commanders and owners of merchant drips, and other private veffeis hired or employed, or that (hall be hereafter hired or employed by the commiffioners, or other officers of fuch publick offices as aforefaid, for or in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffiors : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That the fecretaries or chief clerks of the navy office, victual- Secretaries of ling office, office of ordnance, cuitom-houfe, poll-office, and the publick all other publick offices of the crown, ufually hiring or employ- ^sftto0pve ing fhips or veffeis for or in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs JJJips employer fucceffors, fhall once in every year yearly, upon the firft day of ed in their J "January in each year, or within twenty days next following at fervice. the fartheft, give and deliver to or into the office of the receiver or receivers of the faid duty in the port of London, a true and exact lift or account of the number and names of all and every the fhips or veffeis that in the year preceding every fuch account fhall have been hired or employed by the commiffioners, or o-ther officers of every fuch office refpectively, for or in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and of all and every the fhips and veffeis which, at the time of delivering in fuch account, remain in the fervice of every fuch office refpectively, and‘of all fuch as between every fuch account fhall be difeharg-ed from fuch fervice, and of the names of the mafters, commanders and owners of all and every fuch fhips and veffeis refpectively, and alfo of the numbers of feamen, or other perfons that fhall from time to time be employed in every fuch fhip or veffel ; and that no treafurer, paymafter or other officer of or be- Treafurer of longing to any fuch publick office or offices, fhall make out or pay the faid offi-any bill for the freight of any fhip or veffel fo hired or employ- ces t0 pay no ed, or to be hired or employed for or iif the fervice of his Ma-	he

jefty, his heirs or fucceffors as aforefaid, or pay any wages to proaUce an any mafter, commander, feaman or other perlon employed or acquittance that fhall be employed in any fuch fhip or veffel, until every 'from the re-fuch mafter, commander or owner refpectively fhall and do pro- ceiver* duce and fhew unto fuch treafurer, paymafter or other officer refpectively, an acquittance or certificate figned by the faid receiver or receivers, or his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, whereby it fhall appear that inch mafter, commander or owner hath duly and fully paid and dlfcharged the laid duty of fix pence per menfem, and that he is not more than thirty days in arrear to the laid hofpital; and in cafe any default, neglect or omifficn. fhall be made by any fuch fecretary, chief

C 2

clerk,

Hosted

20	Anno	fecundo Georgii II. c.jl [1729,

clerk, treafurer, paymafter or other officer of of belonging to any of the faid publick offices refpedively, in any of the ads, matters or things hereby direded to be by them refpedively done and performed as aforefaid, or (hall in any wife ad contrary to the before mentioned diredions, then and in every of the faid cafes every fuch fecretary, chief clerk, treafurer, paymafter and other officer, fo making default, negled or omiffion, or ading contrary to fuch diredions as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch ad, default, negled or omiffion, forfeit the fum of fifty on penalty of pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered and 5o 1.	applied	in fuch manner and for fuch ufes as in that behalf is here-

in after mentioned and direded.

Matters to pay	VII. And ivhereas by the faid aft of the tenth of Queen Anne,

the duty be- f]ie fia\g L[Ufy 0fi Jix pence per menfem is directed to be paid by the dearcc/m-1^6 mafiers, commanders or owners of finps or vejfels thereby made liable wards by the to 'pay the fame, within fourteen days after they Jbould be cleared in-cuftom koufe. ward by the officers of the cufiomSy which hath been found inejfeftu-af in as much as many mafiers and commanders of finps and veff'elsy after, they have been cleared at the cufiom~houfey have wholly neglected to pay the faid dutyy whereby great detriment and lofs hath happened to the faid hofpital; for remedy whereof be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from henceforth all and every the mafters, commanders and owners of all merchant fhips and o-ther private fhips and veffiels whatsoever, by this ad or any of the faid former ads made liable to the payment of the faid duty of fix pence per menfe?7iy fhall pay all fuch monies as fhall from time to time be due from them and every of them refpedively unto the faid hofpital, for or on account of the faid duty, before any fuch fhips or veffiels fhall be cleared inwards by the officers of the cuftoms of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any of the ports of this kingdom of Great Britahiy or of the faid kingdom of Irelandy or of the faid illands of Guernfeyy Jerfeyy Alderney, Sark and Many or of any of them, or of any of his  Majesty’s colonies, iftands or dominions in America \ and that no cuftomer, colledor, comptroller, receiver, furveyor, fearcher, W'aiter or other officer whatsoever, of or belonging to the cu-ffioms of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall, at any time hereafter, clear inwards any merchant fhip or private veffiel whatsoever, by this or any of the faid former ads made or declared liable to the payment of the faid duty of fix pence per menfemy or grant any warrant, or give or make out any cocquet, tranftres, returns or difeharges unto or for any fuch fhip or vef-fel whatsoever, or fhall permit or fuffer any fuch fhip or veffiel to go out of any the ports before mentioned, until the faid mailer, commander or owner or owners of every fuch fhip or vef-fel refpedively fhall and do produce and fhew forth unto fuch officer or officers, an acquittance or certificate, figned by the faid receiver or receivers, or his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, whereby it (hall appear, that fuch mafter, commander or owner or owners have duly and fully paid and dif-charged the faid duty, and that he or they is not or are more

than *



17^9*1 Anno secundo GeoRGIi II. c.y,	ll

than thirty days in arre.ar to the faid hofpital, or that they are exempted from the payment of the faid duties by virtue of the exceptions herein, and in the faid adt of the tenth of Queen Anne contained ; and every matter, commander and owner of Matters, cu-any fuch (hip or vettel who (hall refufe or negledt to pay the faid ftomers, &c. duty of fix pence per menfem, in the manner and within the time herein before mentioned, limited and appointed for payment ^ * or ei thereof, and alfo every cuftomer, colledtor, comptroller, receiver, furveyor, fearcher, waiter and other officer of the cu-ttoms, who (hall make default in any of the premiffes injoined them refpedtively by this adt, or (hall in any wife adt contrary to the directions herein before mentioned, (hall for every fuch refufal, negledt, default or adt, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of this kingdom, if fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred within Great Britain or Ireland, or to the amount thereof in the money of fuch ittands, colonies or dominions where the fame (hall be incurred, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as in that behalf is herein after mentioned and directed.

VIII.	Provided, and be it further enadted by the authority a- Quakers fo-

forefaid, That in all cafes wherein by this adt an oath is requir- lemn declara-ed or appointed to be taken, the folemn affirmation and decla- tlon t(? !>* afc-ration of the people called Quakers (hall be accepted inttead of	C<1

fuch oath, in fuch manner and form as by the laws and ttatutes

of this kingdom is diredted and appointed ; and if any fuch Quaker (ball refufe to make fuch folemn affirmation and declaration in any cafe, wherein any other perfon is hereby required to take an oath, every fuch Quaker fo refufing (hall, for every fuch offence, be fubjedt to the like forfeitures and penalties as any other perfon refufing to take an oath is made liable to by this adt; and in cafe any fuch Quaker (hall, upon his folemn Quakers or affirmation or declaration, affirm or declare any matter, which ^ers guiltv (hall be falfe, or if any other perfon, before any fuch receiver	Hke	^

or other perfon hereby authorized to adminifter oaths, fhall wil- punilliment as fully make a falfe oath, every fuch Quaker or other perfon, be- wilful perjury* ing thereof lawfully convicted, thall, for every fuch offence, fuffer and be liable to the like fines, pains, penalties and punifh-ments as perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedt or liable to by the laws of the refpedtive places where fuch offence (hall be committed.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Forfeitures all and every the forfeitures and penalties which fhall at any time and penalties hereafter be incurred by virtue of this act, or any claufe there- howtobeiued in contained, within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland for* refpedtively, (hall be lued for and recovered in fuch manner,

and with fuch cotts of fuit as by the faid adt of the tenth of Queen Anne is preferibed and diredted for the recovery of the penalty or forfeiture of twenty pounds, hereby laid or inflidted upon the faid matters, commanders and owners of (hips or veffels neg-ledting or refufing to appear, or make difeovery, or to pay the faji.4 duty, in fuch manner as by the laid laft mentioned adt is



22	Anno	fecundo Georgii 11. c. 8.	[1729V

required and directed ; and that all and every the forfeitures and penalties, which (hall at any time hereafter be incurred by virtue of this adl, or any claufe therein contained, within the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or the faid colonies, iflands or dominions m America, or within any of them refpeftively, fhall be fued for and recovered within the faid iflands, colonies, and dominions refpectively, in fuch and the fame manner as is ufual in fuing for and recovering other forfeitures or penalties incurred by virtue of penal laws within the faid iflands, colonies and dominions refpedlively, together with double cods of fuit; and that one moiety of all and every the faid forfeitures and penalties, when recovered, fhall go and be to the ufe of the faid hofpital, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall fue for the fame in manner as afore faid.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times hereafter, any perfon or perfons fhall be fued for any matter or thing which fhall be done by virtue or in execution hereof, fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may General iffue. plead the general ifiue, and give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if upon any trial the plaintiff fhall become fef?e° 10° 3$' non^ulte<^> or a verdidl fhall pafs for the defendant, fuch defen-c 1 ’ dant, fhall recover and be allowed treble coils of fuit.

CAP. VIII.

An act to difcharge the trujiees appointed by an aft of the fe-venth year of his late Majejlfs reign, (for raifing money upon the ejlates of the late dir eftor s of the South-Sea company and others) of their trufi, and to v.ejl in the faid company fuch of the ejlates which were vejied in the faid trujiees, as remain undifpofed of, as alfo the produce of . fuch ejlates and ejfefts as have been difpofed of by the trujiees.

7 Geo.i. c. 2 s. \\ WHEREAS by an aft made in the feventh year of his late Ma-V V jeflys reign, intituled. An adl for railing money upon the eflate of the late fub-governor, deputy-governor, directors, ca-filler, deputy-cafhier, and accountant of the South-Sea company, and of John Aiflabie, efquire, and likewife of James Craggs fen. efquire, deceafed, towards making good the great lofs and damage fuilained by the faid company ; and for difabling fuch of the faid perfons as are living to hold any office or place of trufi under the crown, or to lit or vote in parliament for the future ; and for other purpofes in the faid adl expreffed ; it is amongjl other things cnafted. That all and every the cajlles, honours, lordfhips, manors, rneffuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverftons, fervices, remainders, pojjejfwns, royalties, franchifes, jnrifdiftions and privileges whatfo-ever, and all appurtenances to them, every or any of them belonging or appertaining, and all rights of entry, rights of aftion, titles, conr ditions, ufes, trujh, poivers and authorities, and all leajes for Ufe, lives or years, penfions, annuities, rent-charges and hereditaments

what-



1729.] Anno secundo Georgii II. c.8.

whatfoever, and of what nature or kind focverthey be, and all and every Jbare and Jhares in the capital/lock or focks of any corporation, company or fociety zvhatfoever, and all monies due upon a?iy account or accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other debts and fecuritics for debts, and all ready monies, jewels, plate, goods, merchandizes, per-fatal eft ate and ejfefts ivhatfoever,	of what nature or kind	fo-

ever, ■/« Great Britain, Ireland,	elfewhere, ?t'/vYZ> <S7r John Fel-

lows, baronet, (late Jitb' governor) Charles Joye, efquire, (/tfte deputy-governor) and William Attell, efquire,	Lambert Black-

well, baronet, S/r John Blunt, baronet, *S7r Robert Chaplin, /tarn^, Sir William Chapman, knight and baronet, Robert Cheller, efquire, Stephen Child, efquire, Peter Delaporte, pfquire, Francis Eyles, efquire, James Edmondfon, efquire, Edward Gibbon, efquire, John Gore, efquire, 5/r William Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efquire, Richard Horfey, efquire, Richard Houl-ditch, efquire, <S7r Theodore Janflen, knight tf/z# baronet, 5/V Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, efquire, S/V John Lambert, barotiet, «S7r Harcouit Matters, knight, William Ad or ley, efquire, Ambrofe Page, efquire, colonel Hugh RaymondFSamuel Read junior, efquire, Thomas Reynolds, efquire, Jacob Saw-bridge, efquire, William Tilterd, efquire, John Turner, efquire, f directors of the corporation of the governor and company of trier chants of Great Britain trading to the South-Sea,

parts of America, for encouraging the fifhery) and alfo Robert Knight, treafurer or cafhier, Robert Surman, puty-cafhier, John Grigfby	accountant to the faid corporation,

John Aiflabie, efquire, wry tfr tfz/y ^ them, or any p erf on or per-truft for them, wry or any of them, upon the firf day of fune anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty, or at any time or times afterwards, 0r which James Craggs the elder, deceafed, tf/zy p erf on or per fins in truft for him at the time of his death, ztw 6>r were feifed or pojfeffed of, inter efted in, or entitled unto, in law or equity in their or any of their own rights, or to his or their oivn ufe or ufes, or in partnerfhip with any others (except as in the faid aft is excepted) zvere, by force and virtue of the faid aft, vefed and fettled in Sir John Eyles baronet. Sir Thomas CrofFe baronet, John Rudge, efq\ Matthew Lant, Roger Hudfon, efq\ now Sir Roger Hudfon knight, Edmund Halfey, efq\ John Lade, efq\ Gabriel Roberts, and Richard Hopkins, efq\ now Sir Richard Hopkins knight, thereby nominated and appointed trufeesfor the ufes and purpofes in the faid aft exprcjfed of and concerning the fame, and the heirs, executors, adminifrators and affigns of the fame trufees, from the refpeftive times in the faid aft mentioned, to the intent the fame might be fold and difpofed of, or otherivife applied to and for the ufes and purpofes in the J'aid aft expreffed concerning the fame, and that the clear monies arifing thereby, Jhould be appropriated to and for the ufe of the South-Sea company, in fuel? manner as therein is expreffed (except as in the faid recited aft is-excepted) jubjeft to the paying and fatisfying fuch claims as jhould be duly made and allowed in pur fiance of the faid aft, and alj'o to the payment of the feverdl al-kyjances made by the faid aft, to the faid hue fib-governor, deputy-



"1

24	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	II. c. 8.	[J729*

governor, directors, cajbier, deputy- cafhier and accountant of the jaid South-Sea company, ztz by which faid aft, as alfo by fever f fubfequent afts of parliament, relating to the faid efates vefed in the faid trujlees, AW'j direftions, powers and authorities are given to the faid trufees for the due execution of the faid truf; purfuance of which faid recited aft, and alfo of feveral fubfequent ads of parliament, made for enlarging the times limited for entering, hearing and determining claims on the faid efates, divers clai?ns were entered be-• fore the faid trufees, and all Juch claims and all quefions and differences which arofe thereupon, are now finally ended and determined, in purfuance of the firf mentioned ad but fome few of the faid claims yet remain to be fatisfied, the claimants or their reprefentatives not calling for the allowances thereupon made : and whereas the feveral purpofeSyfor zvhich the efates of the faid John Aiflabie and James Graggs, deceafed, were fo as aforefaid vefted in the faid trufees, have been obtained and fatisfied, by means whereof , and of feveral provi-fions in the faid recited ad, their feveral and refpedive efates, fo vefed as aforefaid, have been revefed in the faid John Aiflabie, and in the heirs, executors or adminifrators of the faid James Graggs, refpedivcly, and as to the ref of the faid efates and effeds, very great parts or parcels of them have been fold or difpofed of, but there are fome few of the lands and hereditaments, and other effeds and interefs zvhich remain yet unfold, and feveral of the eftates which have been fold, are not yet fully paid for or conveyed \ and there are feveral parts of the faid perfonal efates and fums of money vefed in the faid trufees, which yet remain to be got in and difpofed of; and fome fiats in law or equity relating to the faid trufs, are nozv depending : and whereas the faid trufees have made feveral reports to his faid latq isOeo.i. flat. Majefy, and his prefent Majefy, and both houfes of parliament, in pur-i. c.28. fiance of the faid firf mentioned aft, and in their loft report, bearing date on or about the one and twentieth day of January Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight,taking notice that they had almof executed the truf repofed in them as aforefaid, did humbly fiubmit, whether the faid truf Jhould continue in them for compleating what remained undone therein : and whereas, upon due co?ifideration of the faid report, it is judged that the fezxeral matters and things remaining unperformed or unexecuted, may require a confiderable time intirely to com-pleat and execute the fame, and may for the future be as well performed and executed by the faid South-Sea company, for whofe benefit the faid truftees were firf appointed, as by the faid tnfiftees, and the further continuance of the faid trufees, and their officers, would be an unneceffary charge on the faid company: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majefly that it may be enacted, &V. EXP.

All the eflates of the late directors vefted in truftees on 24 December 1729, and unfold, vefted in the South-Sea company, &c. Truftees to deliver over to the company all things touching thole eftates. Accountants to the truftees to refund to the company’s cafhier all monies not expended. Company to indemnify the truftees. All the clear money arifen from the eftates of the late diredlors to be applied according to the direction of 13 Geo. 1. c. 22. The faid eftates not to be deemed as part of the lands the Company by charter are capable to purchafe.	■

Hosted by GoOglC

25

x729*] Anno secundo GeoRGII II. 0.9 — 11.

CAP. IX.

An act to repeal a claufe in an aft made in the ninth year of his late Majefiy’s reign, which prohibits the importation of tobacco fir ip t from the ftalk or Jlem.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of

his late Majesty King George the Firji, For enabling his 9Geo.i.c.«# Majesty to put the cuftoms of Great Britain^ under the management of one or more commiffioners, and for better fecuring and ascertaining the duties on tobacco, and to prevent frauds in exporting tobacco, and other goods and merchandizes, or carrying the fame coaftwife, it was (amongft other things) enafted,

That from and after the firfi day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and tiventy four, no tobacco Jhould be imported into Great Britain, Jlript from theJlalk or Jlem; and in cafe any tobacco fiript from the Jlalk or Jlem jhould be fo imported, after the faid firfi day of June, the fame Jhould be feized, and Jhould be liable to be fearched for, and forfeited, by any officer of the cuflomsy in the fame manner as any other prohibited goods might by law be fearched for or feized; which claufe hath been found very prejudicial to the planters of tobacco in America, and to the tobacco trade of this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s moll,excellent majesty, by and Claufe In an with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal a<ft°f9 Geo.i. and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by ^ tobacco^^ the authority of the fame, That the faid claufe in the faid re- ftript from the cited a6S, prohibiting the importation of tobacco ftript from the ftalk,repealed, ftalk or ftem as aforefaid, Shall be and is hereby repealed.

CAP. X.

An a<ft for making the hamlet of Spittle-fields in the parifti of Saint Dun-ftan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlefex, a diftin<5t parifh, and for providing a maintenance for the minifter of fuch new parifh.

3>oooh allotted for the re£tors of the new church in Spittle-fields out of the money intended by i Geo. i. flat. 2. c. 23. Churchwardens may make Vaults, and fet up monuments, J25I. per ann. without deduftion, to be paid to the re&or. Veftrymen to choofe lecturers, &c. The diftriA hereby appointed, to be a diftimft parifh, divided from Stepney parifh, and difcharged from fmall tithes, &c. All great tithes to be paid to Brazen Nofe college in Oxford. The churchwardens to pay to the two poitionifts 301. pejr apn. fo long as they (hall continue portionifts. The provifions hereby made (hall be the annual maintenance of the re<ftor, befides fur-plice fees, &c. No furplice fees for burials, unlefs the corps be carried into the church, See, The parifh clerk to be a member of the corporation of parifh clerks. Refrory not to be held in Commendam. Parifh clerk to pay to the prefent clerk of Stepney 16I. per annum. A6t not to alter the methods for repairing the highways lying in the parifh of Stepney.

CAP. XI.

An a£t for better paving and cleanfmg the ftreets in the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Middlefex.

On



Anno secundo GeoRGII II. C, 12— 16.[1729.

On 4 June next, and on 26 Dec. yearly, veftrymen in every pari Hi to make lifts of inhabitants, to be returned to two or more juftices at a fpecial fef-fions : who are to appoint furveyors. Surveyors to make a' return of pavements out of repair to the juftices, to be prefented to the quarter-feffions. They may give notice in the church, of defaults. Such defaults not amended in 20 days, furveyors may amend them, and be reimburfed. Surveyors may pave before empty houfes : to be levied on the next tenant, and deducted out of his rent. On irregularity of water-pipes or bad pavements, inhabitants to amend them, and be reimburfed by the proprietors of the water-works. Juftices may make preferments on their own view. After 4. June 1729, the rakers to lay in heaps all the dirt, and carry it away, on forfeiture of 40 s. Not to extend to the royal palaces, or St. James’s fquare, &c. Juftices may allow furveyors 81. per ann. Continuance of this aft for three years. EXP.

CAP. XII.

An aft for the more effeftual repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and Horftey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

The tolls are to have continuance from the twelfth day of May 1729. for 27 years. Continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XIII.

An nft for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominfter in the county of Hereford.

The toll took place from the 31ft of May 1729, and is to have continuance for 21 years. Continued by 22 Geo. 1. c. 15.

CAP. XIV,

An a ft for making more effeftual the afts parted for repairing the roads from the ftones end in Shoreditch in the county of Middlefex, to the furthermoft part of the northern road in the parilh of Enfield in the fame county, next to the parifh of Chefhunt in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from the watch-houfe in Edmunton to the market place in Enfield.

The private afts of 12 Ann. feff. 1. cap* t. and of x Geo. 1. cap. 37. are continued for 21 years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c.41.

CAP. XV.

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the twelfth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An afl to prevent abufes in the making of bricks and tiles, and to afcertain the dimcnfions thereofy and to prevent all unlavoful combinations amongf any brickmakers or tilemakers, voithin fifteen miles of the city of Londony in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles. EXP.

Company of tilers and bricklayers diverted of the powers given by the a, forefaid a6t, fearehers to be appointed by the quarter*feffions, and their powers. Penalty for making bricks or tiles contrary to this or the former aft. Profecutions to be commenced in one year. None to be convifted twice for one offence. After 29 Sept. 1729. when ground is dug for bricks, the foil to be taken off till they come to the real brick earth. Continuation of the act 12 Geo. x. c. 35. and of this aft to 25 March 1732,^:0.

CAP. XVI.

An act to make the chapel of eafe of the Holy and undivided Trinity in the town of Leeds in the county of York, a perpetual cure and benefice 3 and for defraying of fome expenses in finifhing the faid chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

The new chapel to be a perpetual cure. James Scot, the firft curate. Vi, car of Leeds not diverted from the cure of fouls there. Curate on ablence pr negleftj may be cited before the archb'ifhop, &c. Pews may be leafed

out



1729-] Anno secundo Gegrgii II. c. 17,18.	27

out to raife 8ool. for finifhing the chapel. Chapel, &c. under the arch-bjfhop’s jurifdiftion. The archbilhop’s, See, rights faved.

CAP. XVII,

An aft for laying a duty upon compound waters or fpirits, and for licen-fing the retailers thereof. Repealed 6 Geo, 2. c. 17.

Compound waters to pay 5 s. per gallon, after 25 Dec. 1729. Thefe duties f to be under the management of the commiflioners of excite. Compound diltillers before 25 Dec. J729. to enter their Hills, &c. at the next excife-office. All who (hall become dillillers to make like entry, on penalty of 201. &c. Selling fpirits under proof forfeits 40 s. per gallon. Retailers to pay 201. for licence. To be renewed yearly. Not to extend to phyficians,

&c. After 1 July 1729. none to fell brandy, &c. about the ftreets, &c. or* forfeiture of iol. &c. Continuance of the aft for five years. Not to extend to arrack, &c. nor to aqua *vita confirmed in Scotland. Nor toBrh fcilh brandies, in which ingredients lha.ll be ufed for reftifying only.

;	CAP. XVIII.

I An act to afcertain the cuftom payable for corn and grain imported \ for better afcertaining the price and quantity of corn and grain, for which a bounty is payable upon exportation ; for appropriating the fuppliesgranted in this fejfion of parliament \ and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indent tures and contra fts.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twenty fe-

condyear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 22Car.s.c.i^ An aft for improvement of tillage, and the breed of cattle, it is wafted. That zvhen the prices of corn and grain, at the times, havens and place Si zvhen a?id where the faid corn or grain Jball be imported into this kingdom, exceed not the rates.hereafter folloivingi there/ball be anfwered and paid for the cufom and poundage thereof thefe rates 3 that is to fayi For every quarter of wheat y when the fame Jhall not exceed the price of three and fifty Jhillings andfour pence the quarter, there Jhall be paid for the cufom a?id poundage thereof the fum offtx-teen Jhillings; and when the fame Jhall exceed the fun of three and fifty findings and four pence the quarter, and yet not above four pounds the quarter, that then there Jhall be anfwered and paid, for the cujhm and poundage of every quarter of wheats the fum of eight Jhillings; for every quarter of rye, zvhen the fame doth not exceed the price of forty Jhillings the quarter, there jhall be .anfwered and paid for phe cnjlorn and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen jhillings the quarter ; for every quarter of barley or malt, zvhen the fame doth not exceed the price of two and thirty foil-lings the quarter, there fall be anfwered and paid for the cufom and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen Jhillings the quarter ; for every quarter of buck wheat when the fame doth not exceed the price of two and thirty Jhillings the quarter, there foal] be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum offixteen Jhillings the quarter ; for every quarter of oats, zvhen the fame doth not exceed the fum of fixteen findings the quarter, there Jhall be anfwered and paid for I the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum of five Jhillings and four pence the quarter 3 for every quarter of pcafe and beans, when the

Hoste

Google

28	Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 18.	[1729.

fame doth not exceed the fum of forty /killings the quarter, there Jhall be anfwered and paid for the cuflom and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen /hillings the quarter, each quarter to contain eight bu/kels, and each bu/hel to contain eight gallons, and no more; but ivhen the prices of the feveral forts of corn or grain above ?nentioned Jhall exceed the re-fpeStive rates abovefaid, at the times and places of importation, that then and in every fuch cafe, there be anfwered and paid for the fame the duties payable in fuch cafe before the making of the faid aft : and whereas by another aft pajfed in the fir/l year of the reign of King % Jac.2, c.19. James the Second, intituled. An additional a6t for the improvement of tillage, it is enabled; Thai it /hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the juftices of the peace for the feveral and refpec-five counties within his Majesty s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town 0/Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign corn and grain fall or may he hereafter imported, and they and every of them are thereby enjoined and required, at their next refpeftive quarter feffions after Michaelmas and Eafter day yearly, by the oaths of two or more honeft and fubjlantial perfons of the refpeftive counties, being neither merchants or faftors for the importing of corn, nor any ways concemed nor interejled in the corn fo imported, and each of them having a freehold eftate of twenty pounds per annum, or a leafebold eft ate of fifty pounds per annum, above all charges and reprizes, and being fkilful in the prices of corn (which oaths all and every the faid juft ices are thereby impowered to adminifter) and by fuch other ways and means as to them fioall feem fit, to examine and determine the common market prices of midling English corn and grain, of the refpeftive forts in the faid aft mentioned, as the fame jhall be commonly bought and fold in the faid refpeftive counties, into which any foreign corn and grain /hall be imported; and to certify the fame with two fuch oaths 'made as aforefaid in ivriting annext, unto his Majesty s chief officer and colleftor of the cufioms for the ti?ne being, refilling in the faid refpeftive ports or havens, where the faid corn or grain /hall be imported, to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom-houfe, to vjhich all perfons may refort for their information : and it is thereby further enabled. That the cuflom and duty of foreign corn and grain imported into any of his Majejly* s faid dominions ofEngland, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, appointed by the firft mentioned aft to be paid, /ball be coliefted and paid according to the prices contained in fuch refpeftive certificates as aforefaid, and not otherivife; any thing in the faid aft, or in any other laiv or ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding : and it is further provided by the faid aft. That all that by virtue thereof is to be done by the ju[lice s of the peace at their quarter-fejfions in their feveral counties, /ball be done and performed in like manner in the city of London, in the months of October and April yearly, ly the mayor, aldermen, and juft ices of the peace there, and that the perfons making fuch oaths fall be no corn-chandler, mealman, faftor, merchant, or other perfon inter ejled in filch corn fo to be imported, but /ball be fome fubjlantial houfe-keepers living in Mid die lex or Surrey, qualified as aforefaid: and zvhereaS the juft ices of the peace for fome of the counties of this kingdom have, notwithftanding the laft mentioned aft, omitted or neglected



29

1729 ] Anno secundo Georgii II. c, 18.

to fettle the price of corn at their quarterfieffions after Michaelmas lajl, and to return certificates thereof to the chief officer and collector of the cuflomSy refiding in the reffective ports where the faid corn or grain has been or may be imported; by means whereof the faid officers, voere at a lofs how to charge the cufiom and duty due for fuch corn, which has been, and may be a great lofs to the revenue, and a detriment to the farmers and fair traders ; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all Juftices who and every the juftices of the peace for fuch of the feveral and re- have omitted fpedive counties of this kingdom, who have omitted or ne- ^j^ofcorn gleded to fettle the prices of corn at the quarter-feflions after thequarter-Michaelmas laft, and they are hereby injoined and required, at feflions after the next refpedive quarter-feflions, or at any adjournment there- Michaelmas of which fhall happen after the palling this ad, to examine and fe{^e^eat°the determine what the common market-prices of midling Britijh next quarter-corn and grain, of the refpedive forts in the faid ads mentioned, feflions. were at or about Michaelmas laft, in the refpedive counties, upon fuch oaths, and by fuch other ways and means, as are di-reded and prefcribed by the faid ad palled in the firft year of King James the Second, and to grant certificates thereof as di-reded by the faid ad; and the officers of the cuftoms, and all other perfons concerned, are to govern themfelves according to the prices of corn or grain contained in fuch certificates, as if the lame had been regularly examined, determined and certified at laft Michaelmas quarter-feflions as aforefaid ; any thing in^the faid ad, or any law, cufiom or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. Corn import-That in all cafes where any of the forts of com or grain afore- ^ flnce tlieklt faid have been imported from beyond the feas, fince the firft day cj^dinas l~ of Michaelmas quarter-feflions now laft paft, and the importers quarter-fef-or proprietors thereof have omitted or negleded, or fhall omit lions, and duty or negled to pay the refpedive duties due or payable for the £ot Paid> for~ fame, when demanded according to the prices mentioned andtelte * exprefled in the certificates of the juftices of the peace, made or

to be made by virtue of the former and this prefent ad, fuch importers or proprietors fhall forfeit and lofe all fuch corn and grain, or the value thereof, and the fame fhall and may be feized, profecuted and fued for, by bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, one moiety whereof fhall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the feizor or profecutor.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Juftices not

rity aforefaid. That in cafe the juftices of the peace for the fe- determining

veral counties of this kingdom fhall for the future omit or ne- the prlCn°i 1 £\. a.	*	11.	•	.1	•	r	.	corn, collector

gled to examine and determine the prices of corn or grain, at t0 ^tle it.

their refpedive quarter-fsflions after Michaelmas and Ea/hr year-

6	ly,



i W. & M. fell. i. c. 12.

Officers to meafure corn exported.

Sworn meters to meafure corn in the port of London.

ly, and to certify the fame unto his  Majesty’s chief officer and colle6for of the cuftoms for the time being, refiding in the re-fpe6tive ports or havens, where foreign com or grain fhall or may be imported, in order to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom-houfe, as directed by the faid a6t paffed in the firft: year of the reign of King fames the Second, then and in fuch cafe, the colledlor of his  Majesty’s cuftoms, at the refpec-tive port of importation, is hereby impowered to receive the feveral duties of the corn fo imported, according to the lowed price of the feveral forts of corn or grain, mentioned and ex-preffed in the faid a61 palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of King Charles X\\t Second -9 any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And for the better afcertaining the quantity of corn or grain to be (hipped for exportation, which by an act paffed in the firft year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for the encouraging the exportation of corn, is no otherwife afcertained, than by thexertificate of the exporter, attefted upon oath ; be it enadled, That the proper officers of the cuftoms (hall be impowered to admeafure all corn and grain, whereon there is an allowance payable for the exportation thereof; and for greater expedition therein, fuch admeafurement (hall and may be by a tub or meafure containing four W'mchefter bufhels; and if fuch corn or grain intended to be exported, fhall be brought to be (hipped off in facks, that then and in fuch cafe the faid officers are hereby impowered and required to make choice of two of thole facks,. out of any number not exceeding twenty facks, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity, before the fame (ball be put on board for exportation, and thereby compute the'quantity of corn lo in-tended to be (hipped for exportation ; and according to fuch computation, the allowance or bounty money (hall be paid to the exporter for the whole quantity proportionally, upon his pro* ducing a certificate from the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, attefting the quantity and quality of the corn or grain fo (hipped for exportation.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* faid. That the like powers, certificates and regulations, and other matters and things above mentioned, (hall be extended to the1 afcertaining the prices and quantity of bear alias bigg, oatmeal and malt made of wheat, or wheat malt, intended for exportation : provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this a61 (hall extend to alter the prefent practice, with refpe6t to the manner of (hipping corn from the port of London, but that the fame may be meafured by fworn meters appointed for that purpofe, by whofe certificate the fearchers, or other proper officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms, are hereby impowered and required to certify the quantity of com (hipped for exportation, on a certificate of fuch meters, as hath been conftantly pra6tifed $ anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

VL PrO-



1729.] Anno secundo GeoRGH II. C. 18.	31

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Appropria-forefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer eithertlon of the by loans or exchequer-bills, upon one a61 of this feffion of feffion. parliament, intituled. An at1 for continuing the duties upon malt, mum9 cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum* cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty-nine, and for making good the deficiency of a late malt aft, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted or continued, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer-bills made or to be made on the fame a6t, and all the intereft.

Premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer either by loans or exchequer-bills. upon one other a61 of this feffion of parliament, intituled.

An adJ for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain, after all the loans of exchequer-bills made or to be made on the fame a6f, and all the intereft, Premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowed for raifing the faid land-tax (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame ; and the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds to be advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, for the purchafe of an annuity of fifty thousand pounds per annum, in pursuance of another a6l of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by file of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and for applying the produce of the finking fund, and the fum of eleven thousand fix hundred ninety four pounds feventeen (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer on arrears of former land-taxes, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein expreffed, fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch reftridlions as are herein after pre-feribed ; that is to fay, It is hereby enacted and declared. That 0„ out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may	the

be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding nine nary, hundred eighty fix thousand twenty five pounds ten (hillings and five pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly expreffed ; that is to fay, For or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for halfpay to fea-officers, and for or towards vi6fuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vi6tualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea-fervices in the office of

2	ordnance



io,oool. for

Greenwich

Hofpital.

90,14.91. 3 s.

6 d. for the ordnance for land-fervice.

19 s. 5d. 2 q. for the land-forces.

The overplus how to be applied, fee 3Geo. 2. c. 16, fe&, 18.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 18.	[1729.

ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed.

VII.	And it is hereby farther enadted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thou-fand pounds, upon account, for and towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen in the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the lervice of their country.

VIII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may beiffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ninety thou-fand two hundred and forty nine pounds three (hillings and fix pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land-fervice, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervices, not provided for by parliament.

IX.	And it is hereby like wife enadted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million three hundred fifty jwo thousand one hundred thirty eight pounds nineteen (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land-forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly expref-fed ; that is to fay, Any fum not exceeding feven hundred eighty-four thousand nine hundred eighty three pounds twelve (hillings and one penny halfpenny, for defraying the charge of twenty two thousand nine hundred fifty five men, including commif-fion and non-com million officers, and invalids, for guards, gar-rifons, and fix independent companies for the fervice of the Highlands, aud other his  Majesty’s land-forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces, for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred and fixty thousand three hundred and fifty feven pounds one (hilling and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and gar-rifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and forproviiions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or lums of money, not exceeding twelve thousand eight hundred pounds, upon account of out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; andanyfumor fums of money notexceeding twenty thousand feven hundred thirty nine pounds four (hillings and feven pence halfpenny, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty feven thousand pounds upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land-forces and marines for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine ; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to beobferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed

con-



'*7*90.

Anno secundo GeoRGII II. C. iS.

33

concerning the fames and the fum of two hundred forty one thousand two hundred fifty nine pounds one (hilling and three pence, for defraying the expence of twelve thousand Hejjian$> taken into his  Majesty’s pays for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or fum$ of money, not exceeding fifty thousand pounds for one year’s fubfidy to the King of Sweden, purfuant to a treaty dated the fourteenth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty five thousand pounds for one year’s fubfidy to the duke of Brunfwick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttel, purfuant to a treaty dated the twenty fifth day of November one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven.

X.	And it is hereby likewife ena&ed, That out of all or any 500,0001. for the aids or fupphes aforefaid there (hall and may be iffued and cancelling ex-applied the fum of five hundred thousand pounds, towards can- checLuer"bl1 s-celling and difcharging the like fum in exchequer-bills, made

forth in purfuance of an act paffed in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand pounds, towards difcharging wages due to feamen.

XI.	And it is hereby alfo enacfted, That out of all or any the 105,1891. n's* aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be 7

iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one deficiencfes° of hundred and three thousand one hundred eighty nine pounds the year 1728. eleven (hillings and feven pence farthing, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight; and any fum or fums of money not ex- 63,902k 15s, ceeding fixty three thousand nine hundred and two pounds 2 2Ch f°r fifteen (hillings and two pence halfpenny, to make good the de- ^J*enera* ficieocy of the fund commonly called the General fund, for rai-fing feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty four pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight.

XII.	And it is alfo hereby further enacfted,That out of all or any 115,0001. for the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and ap- die arrears of plied, for and upon account of the arrears of the feveral duties the civiilid* and revenues granted to his Majesty, by an acft made and paffed

in the firft year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a5l for the iGeo ftat better fupport of his Majeflf s houfoold, and of the honour and dig- K nity of the crown of Great Britain, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the fum of one hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, in fuch manner, and for fuch fifes and purposes, as his Majesty (hall from time to time be pleased to diredl and appoint.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Provifop aforefaid. That in cafe there fhall be (landing out, or in arrear,

at the demife of his Majesty (whom God long preferve) any fum or fums of money for or on account of the faid duties and revenues, which together with what hath been or (hall be received out of the fame during his  Majesty’s life,

- Vox,. XVI.	D	and



Not to be applied to any other ufe.

Rules to be obferved in application of the half-pay.

t Geo. 2. flat, au c.9.

and together with the faid fum of one hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, (hall be more than fufficient to compleat and fa-tisfy to his Majesty, during his life, the yearly fum of eight hundred thousand pounds per annum, in clear money, to be computed from the twenty fifth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, then and in fuch cafe the faid fum of one hundred and fifteen thousand pounds (hall be replaced and refunded by or out of fuch fum or fums of money fo landing out or in arrear as aforefaid, as (hall be more than fufficient to compleat the faid yearly fum of eight hundred thousand pounds in clear money to be computed as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as the monies arifing thereby (hall extend to fatisfy the lame, and that the monies fo to be replaced or refunded, fhall be feparated and kept apart in his  Majesty’s exchequer, for the ufe and benefit of the publick, and fhall not be iffued or applied to any other ufe or ufes, than fuch as fhall be dire&ed by authority of parliament.

XIV.	And be it ena£Ied, That the faid aids or fupphes provided as aforefaid, fhall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other acft or a<fts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XV.	And as to the faid fum of fifty feven thousand pounds, by this a6l appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enadfted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after prefcribed, fhall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of fixteen years at the time, when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfons fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did a&ual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or imployment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, fhall have or receive any part of the half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath re-^ figned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife entitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVI.	And whereas by an all of parliament made in the fir ft year cf his Majeftfs reign, intituled, An a<5t for granting an aid to his

Majefty



1729.] Anno secundo GeoRGH II. c* IS.	35

Majefty of five hundred thousand pounds, towards difcharging wages due to feamen, and for the conftant, regular, and punctual payment of Teamens wages for the future; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this prefent feffion of parliament, and for difpofing of the furplus of the money granted for half-pay for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majejly, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffied, amongf which any fum or funs of money, not exceeding fifty eight thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefys land-forces and marines; fubjed never-thelefs to fitch rules to be obfei'ved in the application of the faid half-pay,, as in arid by the aforefaid aft were preficribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enabled and declared, by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of fifty eight thou- overplus of fand pounds, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the half-pay, for faid reduced officers according to the faid rules, by the faid a<5l the compaf-prefcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part flonate of fuch overplus, fhall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or lofi their limbs in the late wars, or to fuch others, as by reafon of their long fervice or otherwife, his Majesty fhall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual as fhall be figned in that behalf ; any thing in this acft or the faid.former a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And for the relief of any perfon or perfons, zvho through ne- Claufe forgiv-gleCt or inadvertency have omitted to pay the feveral rates and duties,	further

or any part thereof upon monies given, paid, contracted cr agreed ^jeato r^rks for, with or in relation to any clerk, apprentice or fervant, which tiresTo^pay hath been put or placed to or with any wafer or mifirefs, to learn duties. any profeffion, trade or employment, and to have fuch indentures, or .other writings, which /hall contain the covenants, articles, contracts or agreements relating to the fervice of fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, jlampt within the times by the feveral aCts of parliament for thofe purpofes refpeCtively limited, or who have alfo in like manner omitted to infert, and write in words at length, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefaid, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof received, or in any wife directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant as aforefaid: be it enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or fuch part of fuch monies fo negledled or omitted to be paid as aforefaid, on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine,, to fuch perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendring the faid indentures or other writings, to be ftamped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September onz thousand feven hundred and twenty nine (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the fame indentures or other writings, fhall be good and available in law

D 2	and



Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 19;	[1729,'

and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfo-ever, and the clerk, apprentice or fervant therein named, fhall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedtive intended trades or imployments, as fully as if the rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or furns received or agreed for as aforefaid, had been inferted; and the perfons who have incurred any penalties by the omifiions aforefaid^ fhall be acquitted and difeharged of and from the faid penalties y any thing in any of the faid former adfs to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for regulatings well orderingy governing and improving the oyfter fijhery in the river Medway, and waters thereof under the authority of the mayor and citizens of the city of Rochefler in the county of Kent.

WHEREAS time out of mind there has been an oyfter fijhery in the river Medway in the county of Kent, and in many ' of the creeks and branches thereof within the jurifdiftion of the mayor and citizens of the city of Rochefler, which oyfier fifiery hath time out of mind been free and common to all oyjler fijhermen and dredger ;, after having ferved feven years apprenticefiip to any fijherman or dredger before free of the faid oyjler fijhery ; and the mayor and citizens of the faid cityy and their predecejfors, have time out of mind, yearly and oftnery upon the application of the faid oyjler dredgers, as Gccafion hath required, held a court commonly called An admiralty court, amongjl other things, for the ordering and regulating the faid oyjler fijhery • and at fuch courts the faid ffiermen and dredgers con-Jlantly attend, purfuantto a fummons for that purpose ferved on them by the principal water-bailiff of the faid mayor and citizens ; and upon the return of a panel by the faid zvater-bailiff of the moft fufficient ?nen amongfi the faid dredgerj, to the faid courts the perfons fo re-* turned, are fworn to be of the jury of the faid court; and the jury fo fivorn at fuch court have time out of mind ufed to make orders for regulating the faid oyjler fi fiery y with fines and penalties for the breach of fuch orders, and have appointed the times when offers fiould be dredged and taken, and ivhat part of the faid ffiery it was proper to dredge and catch oyfier s iny and alfo the times zvhen no oyfers fiould be dredged or takeny which is commonly called Opening and (hutting the grounds; and have alfo by fuch orders appointed the quantity of oyfers each dredgerman fiould take in a day, which is commonly called Setting the dint; and have alfo made orders for :the prefervation of the brood and fpat of oyjlers, and have prefe?tted the perfons guilty of the breach of fuch orders, and have likewife prefented and fined fuch oyfier dredgers as have been ftmmonedy and who have not atte?ided at fuch courts; and Juch fines and penalties belong to and have been col-lefted and received to the ufe of the faid mayor and citizens by their proper officers ; and the zvatcr-bailiffs and officers of the faid mayor and citizens have time out of mind tijed and etcercifed a power and authority of entring and going on board of the boats and vcffels of the



s729-] Anno fecimdo Georgji II. c„ 19.

faid fijbermen and dredgermen? and of viewing and meafuring the oyfers they have had on hoard fuch vejfels and boats, in order to difi cov.er if there hath been any breach of the orders of the faid court; and when they have found any quantity of oyfers caught more than the flint, or any brood of oyfers or fpat, have feized and thrown fuch broody and other oyfers which have been caught more than the \ finty back again into the faid river and creeks: a?id whereas by an-tient ufage and cufom no perfom ought to ufe the trade of dredging for oyf ers within the faid oyfer fifiery^ but fuch as have fervedffeven years appr enticef ip to fome dredgerman free of the faid oyfter fijhcry ; and that fuch apprentices might the better be known, at the beginning of their appr enticef ip fuch apprentices have ufed to be enrolled before the mayor of the faid city> and at the end of fuch apprenticejlnp the names of fuch apprentices who fo ferved their times ufed to be entred in a book kept by the faid mayor and citizens for that purpofi, and at the time of fuch entry they paid to the faid mayor and citizens an ancient fee of fix fillings and eight pence ; and all perfons not having ferved fuch appr enticefiipy who. were at any time found dredging in the faid ffery, were called Cable hangers, and as fuch were pre-font ed and punifed at the faid courts: and for the better fiupport of the authority of the faid mayor and citizens and their jurifdidiion upon the faid river and creeks, and defraying the expence of keeping the faid courts, every dredger for oyfers in the faid river and creeks did anciently pay to the faid mayor and citizens the ancient fee of fix fillings and eight pence yearly : and whereas notwithfanding there have been from time to time many good rules and orders made and eflab lifted by the faid juries at the faid courts, for the regular ufingy carrying on and enjoying the faid oyfer ffery, for the common benefit of all the dredgers free of the faid oyfer fifbery; yet many diforderly perfons amongfi them negle fling the common inter eft y and regarding only their own prefent private lucre, and in contempt of all authority over them, have dredged for oyjlers befoge the times appointed for opening of the groundsy and after they have been ordered to be futy and ivithout any regard to the fint fety have caught great quantities of oyfers more than the finty and more than they could difpofe ofy and have caught the brood and unfizable oyfers at a time when they fould be preferved; and when the water-bailiff's of the faid mayor and citizens have come to do the duty of their office in difeovering the faid abujes and breach of orderSy they have been frequently oppofed and ■ hindredy threatned and abufedy and have fometimes with difficulty efcoped with their lives; and notwithfanding dif refes have been made for the fines and penalties fit by the faid juries for punijhment 4 of the offenderSy yet it having been doubtedy whether fuch difreffes ■f could be maintainedy the faid mayor and citizens have been difeouraged in their proceedingsy and fuch offenders have efiaped punijhment \ and if fuch diforders Jhould be continue dy and go unpunijhed for the future y the faid oyfer fifiery will be in danger of being utterly loft and I defroyedy and thereby many numerous families depending upon the faid f oyfer ffery will be ruined and undoncy and a good nurfiry for fia-| men be lof to the publick : for the preventing therefore fuch dir-| orcjers for the future, and for the regulating, well ordering and

D 3	^	govern-



35

After 24 June, 1729, mayor, &c. of Ro-chelteronceor ofiner in every year to hold their admiralty court ;

May impanel a jury.

Jury to make rules and orders for well governing the oyfter fi/hery,

Anno secundo Georgii II. C.19;	lI729i

governing the faid oyfter fifhery for the common good and benefit of all the faid free dredgers of the faid oyfter ffihery, and making them fecure under the protection of the faid mayor and citizens, and for the confirming and fettling the power and ju-rifdicftion of the faid mayor and citizens over the faid oyfter fifhery and the free dredgers thereof, may it pleafe your Maje-fty, at the humble fuit as well of the mayor and citizens of the faid city of Rochefter, as of the oyfter dredgers free of the faid oyfter fifhery, that it may be enacfted, and be it enacfted by the King's moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of ftune^ which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and citizens of the faid city of Rochefter, and their fucceffors, and they are hereby required, once or oftner in every year, to keep and hold their faid court, commonly called the court of admiralty, as aforefaid, in fuch manner as they have heretofore ufed, and to iflue out fummons to the free dredgers of the faid oyfter fifhery, at leaft ten days before the holding thereof, to attend at the faid courts; and in cafe any dredger refufe, or make default, to appear at the faid court, purfuant to fuch fummons, not having a reafonable excufe to be allowed by the mayor of the faid court, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the jury at the faid court to impofe upon fuch dredger, for non-appearance, the fum of ten [hillings, which fhall be to the ufe of the faid mayor and citizens, and at the faid courts, by their proper officer, to impanel and return a jury of thirteen, or more, of the moft fufficient and intelligent men amongft the faid dredgers; and to every perfon ferving upon fuch jury there fhall, at the faid courts, be adminiftred the ufual oath, to which fhall be added, for every fuch juryman to repeat, as follows; viz.

■—And that I ivill faithfully, impartially, and bonefly, according to. the hcf of my fill and knowledge, execute the fever al powers and tru/ls repo fed in me^ as a juryman at this court, by an aft of parlia7 ment, intituled, An act for regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving the oyfter fifhery in the river Medway, and waters thereof, under the authority of the mayor and citizens of the city of Rochefter, in the county of Kent. So help me God.

And fuch jury fo fworn may and fhall, at fuch courts, or at any adjournment thereof, make, frame, and fet down in writing, and fign, fuch rules and orders for the times when the faid river and creeks, or any part or parts thereof within the limits aforefaid, fhall or may be opened, and oyfters taken therein, and alfo the times when the faid river and creeks, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be fhut, and no oyfters taken therein, and alfo to ftate and appoint the quantities or flints of oyfters each dredgerman may take or dredge in a day, and order and fet a certain meafure for fuch flint, and fhall alfo make fuch rules and orders, as they fhall judge neceflary, as well for the

pre-

Hoste Dy Google

39

1729.]	Anno	fecundo	Georgii II. C. 19;

prefervation of the brood and fpat of oyfters, as otherwife for preferring and well regulating and ordering the faid oyfter fiftie-ry; and fuch juries fhall and may fet and impofe fines and pecuniary penalties for breach of any of the faid rules and orders, not exceeding five pounds for any offence; and the faid rules and t0 ^e approved orders fo to be made as aforefaid, being approved, or altered, by the mayor, amended, and confirmed by the mayor and aldermen of thefaid&c« city, affembled in fuch admiralty court as aforefaid, or the major part of them fo assembled, fhall be fair written or ingroffed in vellom or parchment, and fhall have by their order the feal of the admiralty of the faid city affixed thereunto, and, being fo fealed, fhall be proclaimed and publifhed by order of the faid mayor, in the guild-hall of the faid city, within five days after making thereof, and a true copy thereof, fair written in vellom or parchment, fhall be immediately affixed upon the fore door of the guild-hall of the faid city, and a duplicate thereof fair written in fome book, fhall from time to time be lodged with and kept by the principal water-bailiff of the faid city for the time being, whereunto all perfons concerned, and their agents, fhall have liberty of accefs at all feafonable times in the daytime, and may take any notes or copies thereof, paying to the faid water-bailiff one fhilling for the fame; and all rules and orders, fo to be made and publifhed as aforefaid, fhall be valid and effectual in law, and fhall be obferved by all the faid free dredgers accordingly.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the jury to ap_ jury at fuch courts fhall nominate and prefent four fit perfons, point four wav out of the faid free dredgers, to be water-bailiffs of the faid ter-bailiffs. mayor and citizens upon the faid river and creeks; and the faid

mayor and citizens, on fuch prefentment, (hall give powers and warrants to fuch water-bailiffs in the fame manner as they give to the water-bailiffs of their own appointing.

III.	And to the intent that the faid rules and orders fo made, Water-bailifFs approved, and confirmed as aforefaid, may be the better obferv- to go on board ed and performed, and the breaches thereof duly difcovered and ^amfo^the ' punifhed; be it enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to0y^ers;

and for the fergeantat mace of the faid mayor and citizens, commonly called the principal water-bailiff, and for the faid other water-bailiffs, or any of them, at all times to enter and go on board the boats and veffels of all and every, or any the faid dredgermen, and thereto view, meafure, fize, and examine the oyfters by them caught and dredged, and thereout to take and throw over board, into the faid oyfter grounds, all fuch fpat and brood of oyfters as fhall be there found, and alfo fuch oyfters as any fuch dredgerman fhall have caught more than his ftint, or contrary to this adl, or contrary to any order made at any of the faid courts purfuant to this adt; and if any of the faid oyfter Oyfter dredg-dredgers, or their fervants, fhall refift, oppofe, or refufe to per- ers refilling mit and fuffer any fuch officer or water-bailiff to come on board them torfeit their boats and veffels, or, being on board, fhall not permit or * fuffer him or them to view, meafure, fize, or examine the

D 4	oyfters



Their apprentices to be in-rolled, on forfeiture of 5I.

Apprentice after his time expired, to pay 6 s. 8d. and to be re-giftred.

Free dredger-men to pay or 15 O&ober 6 s. $d. yearly.

How to be ap' plied.

Anno fee undo Georgii II. c. 19.	[1729*

oyflers there, and to throw over board the fpat and brood there found, and all oyfters more than their flint aforefaid, every fuch dredger fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings,

IV.	And for further regulation of the faid oyfter fifhery, by better ordering apprentices therein, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That within one year next after any of the faid dredgermen (hall take any apprentice, every fuch apprentice fhall be inrolled before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, In a book to be kept in the guildhall of the faid city for that pur-pofe; and if any fuch dredgerman (hall refufe or negle6t to caufe fuch apprentice to be inrolled within the time aforefaid, he (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch refufal or negle&, to the ufe of the faid mayor and citizens, the fuip of five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; for which inrollment two (hillings and fix pence (hall be paid to the town clerk of the faid city, and no more ; and after the apprenticefhip of fuch apprentice fhall be expired or ended, fuch apprentice, following the faid dredging trade within the limits aforefaid, fhall appear before the mayor for the time being, and fhall pay to the faid mayor and citizens the fum of fix (hillings and eight pence, to be applied as herein after mentioned; and thereupon the faid mayor fhall caufe the name of fuch apprentice to be entred and regiftred in a book tQ he provided and kept.fqr that purpose by the faid mayor and citizens, to the end it may be better known what perfons are trom time to time intituled, or have a right, to the freedom of b the oyfter fifhery aforefaid ; and that from and after the faid t twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and . twenty nine, every dredgerman, free of the faid oyfter fifhery,, fhall yearly, whilft he ufes the laid trade of dredging in the faid oyfter fifhery, pay to the faid mayor and citizens, and their fuc-CefTors, upon the fifteenth day of Oftober, or, if that day be Sunday, then upon the next day, the fum of fix (hillings and . eight pence, to be applied as herein after mentioned (that is to fay) both the faid finns of fix (hillings and eight pence, and fix (hillings and eight pence, before mentioned, fhall (purfuant to an agreement made between t;he faid mayor and citizens, and the faid free dredgers) be applied to the ufes and purpofes following, (that is to fay) that the faid mayor and citizens, and their fucceftors, fhall retain and keep to their own ufe the yearly fum of ten pounds for their trouble and expences in keeping the faid courts, and fhall or may, out of the refidue thereof, retain to their own ufe all fuch cofts and expences as they fhall be at by means or occafion'fef bringing, profecuting, or defending any aeftion or actions, or other fuits or remedies, neceffary for the making effectual the powers and authorities eftabliihed or given by this a<ft; and the overplus thereof fhall be applied and' laid out for the common and publick good and fervice of the faid oyfter fifhery, in fuch manner as the jury at the faid courts fhall think proper and diredl, fuch direction being in writing, and figned by them; and in cafe any of tlie parties before men-



JC729.] Anna secundo Georgii II. c. 19,	41

tioned (hall neglect or refufe to pay unto the faid mayor and ci- Refuting to tizens, and their fucceflbrs, or their order, the faid refpe&ive fums of fix (hillings and eight pence, and fix (hillings and eight {trair^&e!" pence, by them refpedively to be paid, as aforefaid, for the fpace of ten days next after demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and citizens, and their fuc-ceflors, to recover the faid refpeCtive fums* by diftrefs and fafe of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon and perfons refufing or negle&ing to pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the owner or owners, after the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale are fa-tisfied ; or the faid mayor and citizens, and their fucceflors, may fue for, and recover the fame, by aCtion- of debt, to be brought in the name of the faid mayor and citizens, in any court of record; in which aCtion the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and the fpecial matter on both fides may be given in evidence, and the court may award cofts on either fide, which cofts (hall be recovered as in other cafes, where cofts are given by law ; and in any fuch action no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or protection, (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

V., And whereas the numbers of the faid free dredgermen are within thefe few years very much increafed, and by frofts^ land floods, and other accidents, the natural brood and growth of oyfters in the faid fifhery have been fometimes totally deftroyed, by which’the faid dredgermen and their families have been reduced to great extremities, and the faid dredgers have been con-ftrained to borrow money at intereft to buy oyfters, brood and fpat of oyfters, in the weftern parts of this kingdom, and elfe-where, and to lay the fame in the faid river and creeks; which monies fo borrowed, ufed to be repaid by a collection from the faid dredgers of a certain fum by the bufhel, when fuch oyfters were caught and marketed by them ; but notwithstanding fuch buying and laying oyfters, by a publick collection, has been a means of reftoring the faid fifhery for the publick and common benefit, yet many of the faid dredgers, though they received fuch benefit, have refufed to pay their (hare of the contribution for fuch bought and laid oyfters; and in regard the faid practice of laying oyfters has not been very ancient, it may be doubted whether the faid court and jury have power to make a rate, or compel fuch collection, on the faid laid oyfters, when the fame are dredged up again, for repaying the monies borrowed to buy and lay the fame; and it may be neceflary hereafter, upon the like emergencies, or other accidents,to buy and lay oyfters, brood, and fpat, in the faid oyfter fifhery; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth JUI7t0 prefent day of ‘June, one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, when ry to*layCoy-" and as often as the jury at any fuch admiralty court, or the ma- fters, &c. in jor part of them, (hall declare and prefent, that it is neceflary the river, to lay oyfters, brood, and fpat, in the faid river Medway, within the limits aforefaid, or in any part thereof, or in any of the pre.eks within the fold oyfter fifhery (which fuch jury is hereby

re-

in osted by Google

42

and what Turns are neceffary tor that pur* pofe,

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 19.

[1729*

and may borrow money.

to be levied by equal contributions.

Refufing to pay forfeits

The charges of this act to be paid by dredgermen.

Thefe rules to extend to the laid oyfters.

required from time to time to inquire of, and prefent accordingly) then fuch jury (hall alfo declare and prefent what fum or fums of money they judge neceffary to be laid out or imployed for the purpofes aforefaid, and (hall alfo nominate and appoint thirteen fit perfons of the faid common dredgers to be agents of or for the faid common dredgers for that feafon, to have the care and management of buying and laying fuch oyfters, brood, and fpat, for that feafon ; and the faid perfons fo from time to to time nominated and appointed agents, or the major part of them, (ball have full power to buy and lay fuch quantities of cyders, brood, and fpat, in the faid river, or in fuch part thereof, or in fuch of the creeks within the faid fifhery, as the faid jury, or the major part of them, (ball fo declare and prefent, as proper and necefTary for that purpofe, and (hall alfo have full power, and they, or the major part of them the faid a-gents, are hereby enabled, upon their own fecurity, to borrow, or take up at intereft for fuch purpofe, fuch fum and fums of money as the faid jury, or the major part of them refpectively, (ball declare and prefent to be neceffary to buy and lay fuch oyfters, brood, and fpat, as aforefaid ; which monies fo borrowed, (ball be deemed the common debt of all the faid dredgers, and each dredger’s (hare and proportion thereof (hall be raifed, levied, and collected by fuch equal and proportionable contribution and rate to be affeffed on every bulhel or lefs quantity of any oyfters, which (hall be caught and taken in the faid oyfter fifhery, as the faid jury, or the major part of them refpectively, at any of the faid admiralty courts (hall direct and appoint, and the fame (hall be collected and received by fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid jury (hall at any fuch court nominate and appoint; and in cafe any of the faid common dredgers (ball refufe or neglect to pay, abate, or allow his proportionable part or (hare to be affeffed or fet as aforefaid, every fuch dredger fo refufing or neglecting, fhall for every fuch neglect or refufal forfeit and pay, to the ufe of the faid mayor and citizens, the fum of ten (hillings.

VI.	And be it enacted, That the neceffary charges of obtain** mg this act for the benefit of the faid dredgermen (hall be reim-burfed, and (hall be born and paid by the faid dredgermen equally, according to the quantity of oyfters to be taken by them , in fuch manner as by the jury, at the next admiralty court to be holden for the faid oyfter fifhery, after the paffing of this a (ft, (hall be agreed and appointed.

VII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all the rules and orders herein before provided to be made by the faid juries at the faid courts, and all the regulations, provisions, and directions, and all the powers and authorities given to the water-bailiffs and officers, relating to the native oyfters in the faid fifhery, (hall extend at all times to laid oyfters in the faid fifhery, in as full and large a manner as to the native oyfters there,

VIII, And



1729*] Anno feeundo Gecrgii II. c. 19.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the fines, forfeitures, and penalties herein before mentioned, as well thole to be fet and impofed by the faid jury at any of the faid courts, as all others whatsoever, fhall go to and be for the ufe of the faid mayor and citizens, and their fucceffors; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and citizens, and their fucceffors, to recover fuch fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender, rendring the overplus to the owner or owners, after the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale are fatisfied; or may be fued for by the faid mayor and citizens, in any court of record, by adion of debt to be brought in the name of the faid mayor and citizens, in which adion the defendant or defendants fhall plead thereto the general iffue; and this ad, and all other things neceffary, fhall and may be given in evidence on either fide, and the court may award cofts for the plaintiff or defendant, which cofts fhall be recovered as in other cafes where cofts are given by law; and in any fuch adion no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or protedion, fhall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

Saving always to the King’s moft excellent majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, his and their prerogatives, and all jurifdidions, eftates, rights, and titles whatsoever, as fully as if this ad had never been made.

Saving alfo, and always referving to the faid city of RocheJiery and the mayor and citizens of the faid city, and their fucceffors, all franchifes, rights, courts, powers, jurifdidions, and authorities, and all fines, penalties, forfeitures, and amerciaments, fees, duties, profits, and demands whatsoever, not by this ad provided for, as fully as they lawfully had, or were intitled to, and might have exercifed or injoyed, if this ad had not been made.

IX.	Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any right or title to the faid oyfter dredgers, or any of them, to be freemen or citizens of the faid city of Rochejier, or to be a member or members of the corporation of the faid city; nor fhall any thing herein contained be conftrued to diminifh or take away from any of the citizens, or freemen of the faid city, any privilege, right, liberty, or freedom, which they had, or were intitled to, before the making of this ad.

X.	Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to abridge, prejudice, or derogate from any right, privilege, or franchife of the city of London, exercifed by the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, as confervator of the river Thames, and waters of Medway? or any other city or town corporate, or any lords Qf manors, proprietors, owners, or occupiers of any waters, ftreams, or fifheries, adjacent to the faid river, but that the fame fhall be and continue in the fame ftate and condition $s before the making of this ad,

XI. Pro-

43

Fines how to be levied.

Saving

claufes.



44	Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 20.	[1729,

XI.	Provided alfo that this a<ft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to leffen, take away, abridge, prejudice, or impeach any grants, franchifes, or privileges of the mayor, jurates, bailiffs, and burgeffes of the borough of j?hieenborohgh, in the county of Kent, for or concerning any waters and oyfter grounds belonging or appertaining to them, or the government and regulation thereof; but that the fame fhall continue and be in the fame date and condition, as they were before the making of this a<fb.

XII.	Provided alfo that this a<ft, or any thing herein contain-? ed, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affecft, prejudice, or impeach any grants, rights, privileges, or ufages of the lord of the hundred of Middleton, (ilias Milton, or any per-fons claiming under him, for, touching, or concerning any wa-* ters, oyfter grounds, or fifhings, belonging or appertaining to him or them, or the government and regulation thereof; but that the fame fhall continue and be in the fame ftate and condition, as they were before the making of this a6h

XIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that if any adtion, fuit, information, or indictment, fhall be com-? menced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing that he or they fhall do, or eaufe to be done, in purfuance of this ad, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities herein contained, or any of the rules or orders herein mention-

General iffue, ed, every perfon fo fued may plead the general iflue, and give this add and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if in any fuch aCfion or fuit the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or difcontinue fuch aCtion or fuit, or if a verdiCt pafs againft him, or judgment be given againft him upon demurrer; then in any of the, faid cafes the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, for which he and they fhall have the like remedy, as in any cafe where cofts are bylaw giv-Fublick a£h en to defendants ; and this a£t fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all courts within this kingdom, as a publick aCt, and all judges, juftices,. and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame,

CAP. XX.

An a£t for the relief of infolvent debtors. EXP,

Sheriffs and gaolers to make an alphabetical lift of their prifoners on 29 Sept. 1728, and the names of the perfons at whofe fait they are detained, to be delivered into the quarter-feftionsl To be kept by the clerk of the peace. Perfons inferted in the lifts, and prifoners on 29 Sept. 1728, fhall. be difcharged. They are to deliver in a fchedule of their eftates, See. Schedule vefted in the clerk of the peace, who is to aflign it to the creditors, to be divided among the creditors. Aftignees of copyhold eftates to agree with the lord of the manor. Not to aft'eCt any eftate in expectancy. Rent due from a prifoner to be transferred to the landlord. This a6t not to extend to mortgages, nor to prevent any ftatute-ftaple, See. Juftices who grant warrants for bringing prifoners to the quarter-feflions, fhall give notice to be ferved on the creditors. Prifoners to give like notice to the creditors, and publick notice in the Gazette thirty days before thefeffions. The prifoner’s oath not being difproved, &c, the juftices are to difeharge

him.



45

1729.3 Anno fedundo GeoRGII II.

him. Debtors having ferved an apprenticefhip, or imployed in any trade, or in the Tea fervice, and aftually beyond fea on 1 Feb. 1728, may furren-der themfelves, and be intitled to the benefit of the aft, but fubjeft to the fame reftriftions as prifoners. Gaolers forfweariog themfelves, forfeit 5001.

See. Gaolers inferting wrong-names in their lift, forfeit 2001. Clerk of the peace not giving a duplicate to prifoner of his difeharge, forfeits 201.

Prifoner forfwearing himfelf, guilty of felony. Prifoner difeharged for debts before 29 Sept. 1728, (hall not be imprifoned for the fame again*

Difeharge of prifoners not to acquit any other. Judgments to Hand good againft his lands, &c. Perfons difeharged may plead generally in difeharge of their perfons from execution. Plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded. Not to extend to Scotland. Petitioner to leave with the juftices a copy of his intended difeovery. Juftices of York and Lincoln to meet at the common gaols of the counties for difeharge of prifoners.

Debtors in gaols only for fees difeharged. Not to difeharge debtors to the erown, or owing 500I. to one perfon. But creditor to allow 3s. 6 d. per week for his maintenance. Difcharges to be obtained before 29 Sept. 173J, or excluded. Perfons feifed of an eftate-tail claiming the benefit, to deliver the fame to their creditors. Affignees to apply to two juftices to examine perfons who (hall obtain their difeharge, for difeovery of eltates, &c.

Ref'ufing to appear or to be fworn, juftices may commit them. Difcover-ers of debtors eftates in twelve months after difeharge, to have 201. per cent. Difeharge obtained fraudulently void. Courts at Weftminfter on complaint may remove affignees. On mutual credit affignees to allow the balance.

CAP. XXL

An aft for the trial of murders, in cafes where either the Jlroke or death only happens within that part of Great „ Britain called England.

FOR preventing any failure of juftice and taking away all doubts touching the trial of murders in the cafes herein after mentioned, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, that where any perfon, at any time after the twenty fourth day of June in the Perfons felo-year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, nioufly ftrick-fhall be felonioufly ftricken or poifoned upon the fea, or at any ^ t^e^fea^&c^ place out of that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called ancj dying in England, and fhall die of the fame ftroke or poifoning within England, or that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England3, or ftricken or where any jperfon, at any time after the twenty fourth day	1 and

June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and dying on the twenty nine, (hall be felonioufly ftricken or poifoned at any fea, place within that part of Great Britain called England^ and fhall die of the fame ftroke or poifoning upon the fea, or at any place out of that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England; in either of the faid cafes an indiftment thereof found by the ju- an indiftment rors of the county in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain found by ju-called England, in which fuch death, ftroke or poifoning fhall rors fhall be happen refpeftively as aforefaid, whether it fhall be found before prfocipirand the coroner upon the view of fuch dead body, or before the ju- acceffaries. ftices of the peace, or other juftices or commiffioners, who fhall have authority to inquire of murders, fhall be as good and effectual in the law, as well againft the principals in any fuch

6	murder.



and offender ihall anfwer and receive the like trial, &c. as if the murder had happened in the county.

46	Anno secundo GeoRCJii II. C. 22!. f 1729•

murder, as the accefTaries thereunto, as if fuch felonious ftroke and death thereby enfuing, or poifoning and death thereby en-fuing, and the offence of fuch accefTaries, had happened in the fame county where fuch indictment (hall be found; and that the Jufticesbfgaol juftices of gaol delivery and Oyer and Terminer in the fame coundelivery fhall ty where fuch indictment (hall be found, and alfo any fu^erior proceed there- court, in cafe fuch indictment fhall be removed into luch fupe-on>	rior court, fhall and may proceed upon the fame in all points*

as well againft the principals in any fuch murder, as the accef-faries thereto, as they might or ought to do, in cafe fuch felonious ftroke and death thereby enfuing, or poifoning and death thereby enfuing, and the offence of (uch accefTaries, had happened in.the fame county where fuch indictment fhall be found ; and that every fuch offender, as well principal as acceffary, (hall anfwer upon their arraignments, and have the like defences, advantages and exceptions (except challenges for the hundred) and fhall receive the like trial, judgment, order and execution, and fuffer fuch forfeitures, pains and penalties, as they ought to do, if fuch felonious ftroke and death thereby enfuing, or poifoning and death thereby enfuing, and the offence of fuch accefTaries, had happened in the fame county where fuch indictment fhall be found.

CAP. XXII.

An att for the relief of debtors with refpedl to the imprtfon-ment of their perfons.

\\Z H E R E A S many perfons fuffer by the opprejfton of inferior Geo 2 c 2	**	officers in the execution of procefs for debt, and the exactions

8 Geo.*! c.24! of gaolers to ivbom fuch debtors are co?nmitted; for remedy whereof jiGeo.2. c.33. it may be reafonable, not only to enforce the execution of the laws now in being againjl fuch oppreffions and exactions y more especially feveral claufes in a Jlatute made at a parliament held in the twenty fecond and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled\ An aCt for the relief and releafe of poor diftreffed prifoners for 22 Sc 23 Car. 2. debt, but likewife to make J'ome further provifions for the eafe and c. 10.	relief of debtors, zvhc Jhall be willing to fatisfy their creditors to the

utmojl of their power: be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod 1 excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no No fherifF or	under-fheriff, bailiff, ferjeant at mace or other officer or

bailiff Jhall minister whatsoever, fhall at any time or times hereafter convey carry any per- or carry, or caufe to be conveyed or carried, any perfon or person arretted to fons by him or them arrefted, or being in his or their cuftody any tavern,	-	-

See. without his confent.

nor charge hini for wine, Sec,

by virtue or colour of any writ, procefs or warrant, to any tavern, alehoufe or other publick victualling or drinking houfe, or to the private houfe of any fuch officer or minifter, or of any tenant or relation of his, without the free and voluntary confent of the perfon or perfons fo arrefted or in cuftody; nor charge any fuch perfon or perfons with any fum of money for any wine^ beer, ale, victuals, tobacco, 6r any other liquor or things whatfoever.



47

1729*] Anno secundo GEORGll II. C. 22.

foever, fave what he, (he or they (hall call for of his, her or their own free accord ; nor (hall caufe or procure him, her or them to call or pay for any fuch liquor or things, except what he, (he or they (hall particularly and freely a(k for$ nor (hall demand, take or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken or re- nor t2L^e a ceived, direCtly or indirectly, any other or greater fum or fums greater fum of money than is or (hall be by law allowed to be taken or de- than the law manded for fuch arreft, taking, detaining or waiting, till the aliows* perfon or perfons fo arrefted or in cuftody (hall have given an appearance or bail, as the cafe (hall require, or agreed with the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or profecution, he, fhe or they (hall be taken or arrefted, or until he, (he or they (hall be fent to the proper gaol belonging to the county, city, town or place where fuch arreft or taking (hall be ; nor lhall exaCt or take any nor ex^ reward, gratuity or money for keeping the perfon or perfons fo gratuity for arrefted or in cuftody, out of gaol or prifon ; nor fhall carry a- keeping him ny fuch perfon to any gaol or prifon within four and twenty out of gaol, or hours from the time of fuch arreft; nor (hall take or receive any ^tlodsm§ or other or greater fum or fums for one or more nights lodging, or for a day’s diet, or other expences, than what fhall be allowed as reafonable in fuch cafes by fome order or orders to be made by the juftices of the peace at fome quarter-feftions to be held for fuch county, city, town or place where fuch arreft or taking fhall be, who are hereby authorized and required with all convenient expedition to make fome (landing order or orders for afcertaining fuch expences, within their refpeCtive counties or precinCts.

II.	And that no perfon may fuffer by reafon of his ignorance Sheriffs to of the afore-mentioned provifions made by this abe it further give printed enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every (heriff, copies of this under-fheriff, and other perfons intruded with the execution of to ***** procefs, fhall deliver a printed copy of the faid claufe to every

bailiff, ferjeant or other officer by them refpeCtively imployed to execute warrants within their refpeCtive bailiwicks; and when any fuch bailiff or other officer fhall give fecurity upon his en-tring into office, fhall require him to make it part of the condition of fuch fecurity, that he will (hew and deliver a copy of the faid claufe to every perfon whom he (haH arreft by virtue of any warrant, and carry or caufe to be carried to any publick or o-ther houfe, and permit him or any friend of his to read the fame, before any liquor or meat (hall be there called for; and in cafe any bailiff or other officer (hall carry or caufe to be carried to any publick or other houfe, any perfon under his arreft or in his cuftody, and there permit any liquor or victuals to be called for, before fuch claufe or copy of it (hall be (hewn and read by or to the prifoner, fuch negleCt or default, befides the breach of the condition of fuch fecurity, (hall be accounted a mifdemeanor in the execution of the procefs whereupon fuch perfon is arrefted, and be punifhed as fuch.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Gaolers to

. every Iheriff, under-fheriff, gaoler, keeper of any prifon or gaol, permit prifo-

£T; ner* to fend



48

for vi&uals from what place they pleafe.

and to have fuck bedding, See. as they ihall think fit.

None but lawful fees to be taken of pri-foners, till far-ther fettle-ment.

Tables to be made of the fees 5

Anno fecurido Georgii II. C.22.	tl729*

or other perfon or perfons whatfoev.er to whofe cuftody or keeping any one fo arrefted or taken Ihall be committed, on any pretence, (hall permit and fuffer him, her or them fo arrefted or taken, at his, her or their will and pleafure, ter fend for and have any beer, ale, victuals or other neceflary food, from what place they pleafe, and alfo to have and ufe fuch bedding, linen; and other things, as he, (he or they (hall think fit, without purloining or detaining the fame, or any part thereof, or inforcing or requiring him, her or them to pay for the having or ufing thereof, or putting any manner of reftraint or difficulty upon him, her or them in ufing thereof or relating thereto.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no fees (hall be taken by any gaoler or keeper of any gaol or prilon within that part of Great Britain called England, for any prifoner or prifoners commitment or coming into gaol, or chamber rent there, or difeharge from thence, except what are now allowed by law, until fuch fees Ihall be fettled and eftablifiled by the lord chief juftice of the court of King’s bench, the lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the exchequer for the time being, or any two of them, together with the lord mayor and two of the aldermen, or with three of the aldermen of the city of London, for and in refpeeft of'the gaols and prifons within the city of London, and for the faid lords chief juftices and lord chief baron, or any two of them, with three juftices of the peace of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey refpectively, for and in refpect of the gaols and prifons in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey; and the juftices of the peace of every other county, riding and divifion for the gaols and prifons in each refpective county, riding and divifion, at the quarter-feftions of the peace to be held for fuch county, riding or divifion refpectively, who are hereby impowered, directed and required to fettle and eftablifh the fame as foon as conveniently may be, and tables Ihall be made of the refpective rates and fees fo fettled and eftablilhed, and the tables of the faid fees, for and in refpect of the gaols and prifons within the city of London and counties of Middlefex and Surrey aforefaid, (hall be figned by the faid lords chief juftices and lord chief baron, and the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and juftices of the peace of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey reflectively, by whom the fame (hall be made; and the tables of the faid fees, for and in refpect of the reft of the faid gaols and prifons, (hall be figned by three or more of the juftices oft the peace attending at the fettling the faid fees in fuch quarter-feflions of the peace as aforefaid ; and (hall be reviewed and confirmed, or moderated, and then figned by the judges of aftize, or one of them, in the refpective counties within their feveral circuits, together with three or more juftices of the peace of each refpective county, riding and divifion, and alfo rules and orders for the better government of prifons (hall be forthwith made, and from time to time enlarged and enforced, or altered and a-mended, as oceafion (hall require, by the feveral courts in Weft-

minjler-

Hosted by

Google

49

1729 ] Anno feeundo Georgii II. G. 22.

minfler-HalU by rules and orders of the faid courts, to be figned by the judges of each refpecftive court where fuch rules and orders (hall from time to time be made, for or in refpedl of the prifons belonging to the faid courts refpecftively, as by the faid lords chief juftices and lord chief baron, or any two of them,

-together with the lord mayor and two or more aldermen, or of three or more aldermen of the city of London, for and in refpecft of the gaols and prifons within the city of London, and by the faid lords chief juftices and lord chief baron, or any two of them, together with three or more juftices of the peace, under their hands, for and in refpedl of the gaols and prifons within the counties of Middkfcx and Surrey afore faid, and by the refpedlive judges of aftize, or one of them, and three or more juftices of the peace of each county, riding or divifion, under their hands, for and in refpedt of the gaols and prifons within their refpec-tive circuits, counties, ridings and divifions ; and duplicates of fuch tables of fees and rules (hall be made and figned, and the fame (hall be tranfmitted to the courts of King’s bench, common pleas and exchequer, there to be entred and inrolled of re«> cord, without any fee to be taken for the inrolling thereof; and likewife fuch of them as relate to gaols in each particular county, riding of divifion, fhall be regiftred by the clerks of the peace in their refpedtive preempts in the rolls of their refpedlive feflions without fee, and hung up in fome open and publick and to be room or place in every gaol and prifon, there to remain, and be ^unS reforted to by every prifoner, as occafion fhall require; and ver^ ga° * that from and after fuch tables of fees fettled and confirmed as aforefaid, no gaoler or keeper of any gaol or prifon fhall demand, take or receive, diredlly or indirectly, of any prifoner or prifo-hers for debt, any other or greater fee or fees whatsoever for his, her or their commitment, chamber rent, releafe or difcharge* than what (hall be mentioned and allowed in fuch lift or table of fees fo to be inrolled, regiftred and hung up as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Courts at the feveral courts of record in Wef minfet-Hall aforefaid fhall,' Weltminter every Michaelmas term, appoint fome day to inquire whether ^

fuch tables of fees and fuch rules as aforefaid be hung up, and qUire after tiie remain publick and eafy to be reforted to, in the feveral prifons fees and or-* to the faid courts refpectively belonging, and whether the fame ders, be duly complied with and obferved, and caufe eight days notice to be given to the prifoners in the faid prifon of the time appointed for fuch inquiry, and (hall inform themfelves touching the fame in the beft manner they can, and fupply and redrefs whatever they find neglecfted or tranfgreffed ; and that the judges and jufticds of aftize and gaol delivery fhall make inquiry of the: and at affizes matters aforefaid at all aftizes and feftions of gaol delivery, for ^ftionin and i n refpedt of the gaols and prifons within their refpecftive ju- charge .to the rifdicftions, and ftiall exprefly gi ve it in charge to the grand jury grand jury, to inquire concerning the fame.

VI.	And for the more fpeedy punifhing gaolers, bailiffs, and judges may others imployed in the execution of procefs, tor extortions or hear petitions

' Vol. XVI.	E	'	other111 a fumroary

way.



50	Anno secundo GEORGIIII. c. 22.	£172cj-J

other abufes in their refpedfive offices and places : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the petition of any prifoner or perfon being or having been under arreft, or in cuftody, complaining of any exa&ion or extortion by any gaoler, bailiff or other officer or perfon imployed in the keeping or taking care of any gaol or prifon, or the arrefting or apprehending any perfon or perfons by virtue of any procefs or warrant, or or any other abufe whatsoever, committed or done in their re-fpe&ive offices or places, unto any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in Weftminfter-Hall, from whence fuch procefs iffued, or under whofe power fuch gaol or prifon is, in term time, or to any of the juftices or barons of fuch court in the time of vacation, or to the judges of affize, or either of them, in their re-fpe&ive circuits, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid court, juftices or barons, or judges of affize, to hear and determine the fame in a fummary way, and to make fuch order thereupon for redreffing fuch abufe, and punifhing of fuch officer or perfon complained of, and making reparation to the party or parties injured, as they (hall think juft, together with the full cofts of fuch complaint; and all orders and determinations which fhalf be made by the faid courts, or any of the faid juftices, barons or judges of affize refpedfively, in fuch fummary way as hereiix prefcribed, fhall have the fame effedt, force and virtue, to alf intents and purposes, as any other orders of the faid refpedlive courts, and obedience thereunto may be inforced, either by attachments ordered by the faid refpedtive courts, or by attachments to be iffued under the feal of the faid courts by direction of the juftice, baron or judge, making fuch order.

Chief juftices, VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, &c, to exa- That the faid lords chief juftices, lord chief baron, judges of affize, and juftices of the peace, in their refpedtive jurifdidfions, and all commiffioners for charitable ufes, do their beft endeavours and diligence to examine and difcover the feveral gifts, legacies, and bequefts beftowed and given for the benefit and advantage of the poor prifoners in the faid feveral gaols and pri-fons, and to fend for any deeds, wills, writings and books of account whatsoever, and any perfon or perfons concerned therein, and to examine them upon oath to make true difcovery thereof (which they have hereby full power and authority to do) and to order and fettle the payment, recovery and receipt of the fame, when fo difcovered and afcertained, in fuch eafy and expeditious manner and way, that the prifoners for the future may not be defrauded, but receive the full benefit thereof. Tables of fuch according to the true intent of the donors; and that lifts or gifts to be tables of fuch gifts, legacies and bequefts for the benefit of hung up in the ^ prifoners in every gaol or prifon refpe&ively, fairly written, fiftred^y the" be bkewife hung up in fuch gaols and prifons Yefpedtively, clerks of the in fome open room or place, to which the prifoners may have peace.	refort	as occafion fhall require, without fee, and (hall be regi-

ftred by the clerks of the peace of the refpecftive counties and places in manner aforefaid.

VIII. And

mine into gifts for pri loners.



iyi9.]f Anno ieciindo Georgii li. c. 22^	51

VIII.	And for the eafe and relief of prifoners, who (hall be Perfonscharg-willing to fatisfy their creditors as far as they are able : be it ecl 111> execu-further en&fted by the authority aforefaid^ That if any perfon or no”exceeding perfons charged in execution for any fum or fums of money, JOo 1. after 25 not exceeding in the whole the fum of one hundred pounds, March 1729. from and after the twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred apd twenty nine, with refpecft coeunty ga0i0f to prifoners charged fir to be charged in execution as aforefaid, Surrey, in the prifon of the Marjhalfea or county gaol of Surrey, and from and after the twenty ninth day of September which was in the ancj after 29 year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight. Sept, in any with refpeft to prifoners charged or to be charged in execution other prifon, as aforeihid, in any other gaol or prifon, (hall be minded to de- their^ffed^ liver up to his, her or their creditors all his, her or their effects,	,

towards the fatisfacftion of the debts wherewith he, fhe or they ftand charged, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch prifoner to exhibit a petition to any of the courts of law, from whence the may exhibit a procefs iffued* upon which he, (he or they was or were taken petition to the and charged in execution, certifying the caufe or caufes of his, ^1 ^ocefslf her or their imprifonment, and an account of his, her or their fued with ac-~ whole real and perfonal eftate, with the dates of the fecurities count of their Wherein any part of it confifts, and the deeds or notes relating whole eftate, thereto, and the names of the witneffes to the fame* as far as his, her or their knowledge extends thereto ; and upon fuch petition the court may and is hereby required, by order or rule of court* to caufe the prifoner to be brought up, and the feveral Prifoners are creditors at whofe fuit he, fhe or they are charged as aforefaid, to give notice to be fummoned to appear perlonally, or by their attorney in court, at a day to be appointed for that purpose ; and upon the ^ 1 lon> day of fuch appearance, if any of the creditors fummoned refufe 3 Ge0.2. c. 27. or negle6t to appear, upon affidavit of the due fervice of fuch f. i -. rule or order, the court (hall in a fummary way examine into Creditors to the matter of fuch petition, and hear what can or (hall be al- PriibneTto^e ledged on either fide for or againft the difcharge of fuch prifoner, brought to the and upon fuch examination, the court may and are hereby re- next affizes, quired to adminifter, or tender to the prifoner, an oath to the effecft following, which oath the Laid court is hereby impower- \ 2<e0j2, c’27* ed to adminifter;

I A. B. do folemnly j'wear, in the prefence of Almighty God, That

the account by me delivered into this honourable court, in my peti- Prifoners tion to this court, doth contain a true and full account of all ?ny real and perfonal eft ate, debts, credits and effects ivh at fever, which I, or z any in trujl for me, have, or at the time of my faid petition had, or am or was in any refpcft intitled to, in pojjeffton, remainder or rever-fion (except the wearing apparel and bedding for me or my family, and the tools or infiruments of ?ny trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole) and that I have not, at any time ftnce my imprifonment or before, dire St ly or indireftly, fold, leafed, ajfign-ed or otherwife difpofed of, or made over in trujl for my felf, or otherwife, other than as mentioned in fuch account, any part of my

E 2	lands,

52	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	IL, c. 2Z.	[1729;

lands, ejlate, goods, fiock, money, debts or other real or perfonal efiate, whereby to have or expefl any benefit or profit to my felf, or to <de~ . fraud any of my creditors to whom I am indebted.

So help me God.

Prifoner’s eilate to be afllgned to the creditors, or their aiTignees.

The prifoner to be dif-charged.

Creditors dif-fatisiied, pri-foners to be remanded to prifon.

and another day appointed.

IX.	And in cafe the prifoner fhall in open court take the faid oath, and upon fuch examination, and his or her taking the faid oath, the creditors fhall be fatisfied with the truth thereof, the court may immediately order the lands, goods and effects, contained in fuch account, or fo much of them, as may be fufficient to fatisfy the debts wherewith he or fine is or fhall be charged, and the fees due to the warden, marfhal or keeper, of the gaol or prifon, from which the prifoner was brought, to be, by a fhort indorfement on the back of fuch petition, figned by the prifoner, affigned to the faid creditors, or one or more of them, in trull for the relief them, and by fuch affignment the eflate, intereft and property of the lands, goods, debts and effects fo atTigned, fhall be veiled in the perfon or perfons to whom fuch alignment is or fhall be made, who may take poffeffion of, or fue for the fame, in his or their own name or names, in like manner as affignees of commiflioners of bankrupts, to which fuit no releafe of the prifoner, his or her executors or adminillra-tors, or any truliee for him or her, fubfequent to fuch alignment, fhall be any bar; and immediately upon fuch alignment executed, the faid prifoner fhall be difcharged out of cuftody by order of court, and fuch order fhall be a fufficient warrant to the fheriff, gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon, to difcharge the faid prifoner, if detained for the caufes mentioned in fuch petition, and no other ; and he is hereby required to difcharge, and fet him or her at liberty forthwith, without fee, nor (hall fuch fhe-riff or gaoler be liable to any a£lion of efcape, or other fuit or information upon that account; and the perfon or perfons to whom the faid effedls fhall be aligned, paying the fees to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon, in whofe cullody the party difcharged |pas, fhall, and are hereby required to divide the effects fo aligned among themfelves and all the perfons for whom they fhall be intruded, in proportion to their refpeclive debts ; but in cafe the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit fuch prifoner was charged in execution or any of them, fhall not be fatisfied with the truth of fuch oath, but fhall defire further time to inform himfelf of the matters contained therein, the faid court may and fhall remand the faid prifoner, and direct the faid prifoner and the perfon or perfons diffatisfied with fuch oath, to appear at another day to be appointed by the faid court, fometime within the firll week of the term next following the time of fuch examination ; and if at fuch fecond day, fo to be appointed, the creditor or creditors diffatisfied with fuch oath fhall make default in appearing, or in cafe he or they fhall appear, but fhall be unable to difcover any eilate or effebls of the prifoner omitted in fuch his or her petition, or to Drew any probability of his or her having been forfworn in the faid oath 3 then the faid court fhall

im-



1729-] Anno secundo GeoRGH II. c. 22.	55

immediately caufe the faid prifoner to be difcharged upon fuch alignment of his or her effedls in manner as aforefaid, unlefs fuch creditor or creditors do infift upon his or her being detain- Creditors in-ed in prilon, and do agree by writing under his hand, to pay tain^n^he^ and allow weekly a fum not exceeding two (hillings and four pn{0ner to pence per week unto the faid prifoner, to be paid the firft day of pay him week-every week, fo long as he or (lie (hall continue in prifon, at his, ly as. ^d. her or their fuit, on failure of the payment of which weekly fum at any time, the faid prifoner (hall forthwith upon application to the court be difcharged by fuch order as aforefaid ; but in cafe the faid prifoner fhall refufe to take the faid oath, or having taken the fame (hall be detected of falfity therein, he or (he (Inal! be prefently remanded.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacfted by the autho- Prifoner fo rity aforefaid,That the perfons of the debtor or debtors fo dif- difchargednot charged (hall never after be arrefted for the fame debt or debts; but yet notwithftanding fuch difcharge, the judgment againft him £C# fhall (land and remain in force, and execution may be taken out thereon againft his lands, tenements or hereditaments, goods and chattels (his wearing apparel, bedding for himfelf and family, and neceffary tools for the ufe of his trade or occupation, excepted) in the fame manner as if he had never been taken in execution for the faid debt.

XL Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authori- Penalty on ty aforefaid, That if any fuch perfon, who (hall take fuch oath prifoner con-as aforefaid, fhall, upon any indictment for perjury in any mat- y^ed of per-ter or particular contained in the faid oath, be convicted by his lai^* or her own confeftion, or by verdict of twelve men, as he or (lie may be by force of this act; the perfon fo convicted fhall fuffer all the pains and forfeitures which may by law be inflicted on any perfon convicted of wilful perjury, and fhall likewife be liable to be taken upon any procefs de novo, and charged in exe- * cution for the faid debt, in the fame manner as if he or (he had never been difcharged or taken in execution before, and (hall never after have the benefit of this act.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho- The effects rity aforefaid. That if the effects fo affigned (hall not extend- to not fatistying fatisfy the whole debts due to the perfons at whofe fuit he or (he

was fo charged, and the fees due to the gaoler, there (hail be an fees> there abatement in proportion ; and fuch gaoler fhall come in as a (hall be an a-creditor for what fhall be then due to him for his fees, in pro- batement in portion with the creditors at whole fuit he or fhe was charged in ProPoltlon* execution.

XIII.	And be it further enafited by the authority aforefaid.

That where there are mutual debts between the plaintiff*and defendant, or if either party fue or be fued as executor or admini-ftrator, where/there are mutual debts between the teftator or in-

teftate and either party, one debt may be fet againft the other. Mutual debts and fuch matter may be given in evidence upon the general iffue, to be fet one or pleaded in bar, as the nature of the cafe (lull require, fo as againft the gt.the time of his pleading the general iffue, where any fuch debt °^s\>aure a

£ 3.	of

54	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	II.	c. 23.[1719,

mended and of the plaintiff, his tefcator or inteflate, is intended to be infift-?

e<^ on *n e v ^dence, notice fhall be given of the particular fum or 'z* *2*‘ debt fo intended to be infilled on, and upon what account it became due, or otherwife fuch rpatter lhall not be allowed in evidence upon fuch general iffue.

Continuation. XIV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Continued by That this a61 fhall continue in force for five years, and from aiGeo.z.c.33. t}ience to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

Not to extend XV. Provided always. That this act ~ex any thing therein to Scotland, contained, fhall not extend or be continued to extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Penalty on XVI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, gaoler offend- That every fheriff, under-fheriff, bailiff, ferjeant at mace, or other officer or miniiler aforefaid, offending againfl this a6l, 6	*	(hall	(over	and	above	fuch	penalties	or	punilhnrjents	as he fhall

be liable unto by the laws now in force.) for every offence a-gainft this prefent a6t, forfeit and pay to the party thereby aggrieved the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, with treble coils of fuit, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the courts at Wejiminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

After 1 Dec. 1730. no per-fon to be admitted an attorney, unleis he take the oath, and be inrolled.

/ // z

s1

C A P. XXIII.

An aft for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors. TT OR the better regulation of attornies and folicitors, practif-Jl ing in any of the courts of law or equity, in that part of Great Britain called England, be it enacted by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That po perfon, frorri and after the firfl day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, fhall be permitted to a61 as an altqrney, or to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, carry on or defend, any action or actions, or any other proceedings, either before or after judgment obtained, in the name or names of any perfon or perlons, in his Majefly’s court of King’? bench, common pleas, or exchequer, or dutchy of Lancajler, or in any of his Majefly’s courts of great feflions'in Wales, or in any of the courts of the counties palatine of Cbejler, Lancafter apd Durham, or in any other court of record in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein attornies have been accuflomahlv admitted and fworn, unlefs fuch perfon fhall take the oath herein after di-re61ed and appointed to be taken by attornies, and fhall alfo be admitted and inrolled on or before the faid firfl day pf December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, in fuch of the faid courts where he fhall a61 as an attorney, or fhall be fworn, admitted and inrolled in tfye faid respective courts after the faid firfl day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, in fuch planner as is herein after directecj.

II. And



1729*] Anno secundo Georgii IL c. 23."	55

II.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That Judges to ex-

the judges of the fa id courts refpccftively, or any one or more	S

them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required before	admiffion.

they (hall admit fuch perfon to take the faid oath, to examine

and inquire, by fuch ways and means as they (hall think proper, touching his fitnefs and capacity to a£l as an attorney and if fuch judge or judges refpedlively (hall be thereby fatisfied, that fuch perfon is duly qualified to be admitted to a<5t as an attorney, then, and not otherwife, the faid judge or judges of the faid courts refpedlively (hall, and they are hereby authorized to adminifter to fuch perfon the oath herein after directed to be taken by attornies, and, after fuch oath taken, to caufe him to be admitted an attorney of fuch court refpedtively, and his name to be inrolled as an attorney of fuch court refpedlively, without a-ny fee or reward, other than one (hilling for adminiftring fuch oath; which admiflion (hall be written on parchment in the Ettglijh tongue, in a common legible hand, and figned by fuch judge or judges refpe&ively, whereon the lawful (lamp (hall be firft imprefled, and (hall be delivered to fuch perfon fo admitted.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. None to be That no perfon from and after the firft day of December in the permitted to year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty (hall ^ ^nie^he^ be permitted to a<ft as a folicitor, or to fue out any writ or pro- ta^e tj,e oath, cefs, or to commence, carry on, folicit or defend any fuit, or and be inroi-any proceedings, in the name of any other perfon, in any court led*

of equity, either in his  Majesty’s high court of chancery, court -of equity in the exchequer chamber, court of the dutchy chamber of Lancafter at Wejiminjier, or courts of the counties palatine of Chejler, Lancafier or Durham, or of the great feilions in Wales, or in any other inferior court of equity in that part of Great Britain called England, unlefs fuch perfon (hall take the oath herein after dire£ted and appointed to be taken by folicitors in courts of equity, and (hall alfo be admitted and inrolled on or before the (aid firfi day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, in fuch of the faid courts of equity, where he fhall a6t as a folicitor, or (hall be fworn, admitted and inrolled after the faid firft day of December, in fuch manner as is herein after directed.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the mafter of the rolls, or two of the mafters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancajler, and the judges of the faid other courts

of equity for the time being refpecftively, or any one or more of Court of equi-them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required, be- *7 *°. examine fore he or they (hall admit any perfon to take the faid oath, to lo lcltors* examine and inquire, by fuch ways and means as he or they fhall think proper, touching his fitnefs and capacity to acft as a folicitor in fuch courts of equity refpedtively ; and if the faid mafter of the rolls, or two mafters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lan-

E 4.	cafter,



$6	Anno	fecundo GeoRGII II. C. 23.	[1729;

cafter, or the judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being, or any one or more of them refpecttively, fhall be thereby fatisfied, that fuch perfon is duly qualified to be admitted to adt as a folicitor in fuch court of equity, then, and not otherwife, the faid mailer of the rolls, two matters of the chan-eery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancaflei\ and the judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being refpedtively, or any one or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized to adminifter to fuch perfon the oath herein after directed to be taken by folici-tors, and, after fuch oath taken, to caufe him to be admitted a folicitor in fuch court of equity, and his name to be inrolled as a folicitor in fuch court, without any fee or reward, other than one (hilling for adminiftring fuch oath, which ad million fhall be written on parchment in Englijh, and in a common legible hand, and figned by the matter of the rolls, two matters of the chancery, the barons of the exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancajler, and the judges of the faid other courts of equity refpedively, or fuch of them who fhall admit fuch perfon to be a folicitor, whereon a treble forty (hillings (lamp (hall be firtt impreffed, and fhall be delivered to the perfon fo admitted. After 1 Dec. V. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, T730. non« to That from and after the firtt day of December one thousand fe-ven hundred and thirty, no perfon, who fhall not before the faid firtt day of December have been fworn, admitted and inrolled, purfuant to the dire&ions of this adt, fhall be permitted to adt as an attorney, or to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, carry on or defend any adhon or actions, or any proceedings, either before: or after judgment obtained, in the name or names of any other perfon or perfons, in any of the courts of law aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon fhall have been bound, by contract in writing, to ferve as a clerk for and during the fpace of five years, to an attorney duly and legally fworn and admitted, as herein before is directed, in fome or one of the courts herein before mentioned ; and that fuch perfon, for and during the faid term of five years, fhall have continued in fuch fervice ; and al-fo unlefs fuch perfon, after the expiration of the faid term of five years, fhall be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled, in the fame manner as the perfons, who (hall be admitted attornies of the faid courts, are herein before required to be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled.

Judges before VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, them^t-ke	the	judges	of the faid courts relpedtively, or any one or

theoathto ex- more of them, fhall, and they are hereby authorized and requir-amine their ed, before they fliall admit fuch perfon to take the faid oath, to fitneft.	examine	and	inquire,	by	fuch	ways and means.as they fhall think

proper, touching his fitnefs and capacity to act as an attorney; and if fuch judge or judges refpeettively fhall be thereby fatisfied, that fuch perfon is duly qualified to be admitted to adt as an attorney, then, and not otherwife, the faid judge or judges of the faid courts refpectivejy fhall, and they are hereby authorized t9

torney unlefs lie has ferved a clerkfhip, and been ad-Wifted,



*729‘] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 23.	57

adminifter in open court, to fuch perfon, the oath herein after directed to be taken by attornies, and, after fuch oath taken, to caufe him to be admitted an attorney in fuch court, and his name to be inrolled as an attorney in fuch court, without any fee or reward,other than one (hilling for adminiftring fuch oath, which admidion (hall be written on parchment in the Englifh tongue, in a common legible hand, and figned by fuch judge or judges refpectively, whereon the lawful (lamps lhall be firft impreffed, and (hall be delivered to the perfon fo admitted.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, After 1 That from and after the firft day of December one thousand feven

hundred and thirty, no perfon, who fhali not, before the faid a folicitor be-firft day of December, have been fworn, admitted and inrolled, fore he has ; purfuant to the directions of this a Cl, (hall be permitted to aft ferved aclerk-* as a folicitor, to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, parry on, folicit or defend, any fuit or proceedings in the name ^ m ’ or names of any other perfon or perfons, in any of the courts of equity aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been bound, by contraft in writing, to ferve as a clerk for and during the fpace of five years, to a folicitor duly and legally fworn and admitted, as herein before is directed, in fome or one of the courts of equity aforefaid, and for and during the faid term of five years (hall haye continued in fuch fervice; and alfo unlefs fuch perfon, after the expiration of the faid term of five years, (hall be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled, in the fame manner, as perfons who (hall be admitted folicitors in the courts of equity aforefaid, are herein before required to be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, judges of the That the mafter of the rolls, two mailers of the chancery, the courts of equh barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy ty ?° examine of Lancafter, and the judges of the faid other courts of equity fohcitors,

for the time being refpeCtively, or any one or more of them, fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, before he or they fhall admit fuch perfon to take the faid oath, to examine and inquire by fuch ways and means as he or they (hall think proper touching his fitnefs and capacity to aCl as a folicitor in courts of equity ; and if the mafter of the rolls, two mafters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Eancajier, and fuch judge or judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being refpeftively,

(hall be thereby fatisfted, that fuch perfonis duly qualified to be admitted to aft as a folicitor in fuch court of equity, then, and not otherwife, the faid mafter of the rolls, two mafters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancafter, and the faid judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being refpeftively, or any one or more of them, fhall, and they are hereby authorized to adminifter in open court, to fuch perfon, the oath herein after directed to be taken by folicitors, and, after fuch oath taken, to caufe him to be admitted a folicitor in fuch court of equity, and %	j'



58	Anno	fecundo Georgii II. c.23.	[1729.

his name to be inrolled as a folicitor in fuch court, without any fee or reward,other than one fhilling for adminiftring fuch oath: which admiflion fhall be written on parchment in the Englijb tongue, and in a common legible hand, and figned by the matter of the rolls, two matters of the chancery, the barons of the exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancajler, and the judges of the faid other courts of equity refpedtively, or fuch of them who (hall admit fuch perfon to be a folicitor, whereon a treble forty (hillings ftamp (hall be firtt impreffed, and fhall be delivered to the perfon fo admitted.

Not to exclude IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That this perfons from a6l, or any thing herein before expreffed and contained, fhall Ld^ho^ave not ta^en or conftrued exclude any perfon from being before * fworn, admitted and inrolled to be an attorney in any of the March 1729^ courts of law aforefaid, who hath on or before the twenty fifth been bound day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, for tour years. been bound by contrail: in writing to ferve as a clerk to any attorney, or perfon praitifingas fuch, in fome or one of the courts of law aforefaid, for any term not lefs than four years; or from being fworn, admitted and inrolled, to be a folicitor in any of the courts of equity aforefaid, who hath, on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, been bound, by contrail in writing, to ferve as a clerk to any perfon praitifing as a folicitor in any of the courts of equity aforefaid, for any term not lefs than four years, fo as fuch writing in cafe any fum of money hath been paid or given for or in refpeil of fuch clerkfhip, hath the legal damp thereon impreffed, and fhall be regiftredin the ttamp-office on or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty; but that any perfon having been bound to ferve as a clerk to any attorney, or perfon prailifing as fuch, and having ferved as aforefaid, may, after the expiration of the faid term of four years, be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled, to be an attorney of any of the courts of law aforefaid, and any perfon, having been bound to ferve as a clerk to any perfon pradlifing as a folicitor, and having ferved as aforefaid, may, after the expiration of the faid term of four years, be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled, to be folicitor in any of the courts of equity aforefaid, for the fame fee, and in the fame manner, as the perfons who fhall be admitted attornies or folicitors, are herein before required to be examined, fworn, admitted and inrolled refpedlively ; any thing in this a<5l contained to the contrary notwithttanding.

Attornies or X. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That it folicitors, with may be lawful, from and after the faid firtt day of December one attorne thousand feven hundred and thirty, for any perfon, who fhall another^court hvorn, admitted and inrolled, to be an attorney in any of may fue oat > the faid courts of King’s bench, common pleas, exchequer, writs, &■c. in courts of great feflions, counties palatine of Chejler, Lancajler, fuch court. and Durham, or who fhall be fworn, admitted and inrolled, to be a folicitor in the faid court of chancery, court of equity in 6	the



?729*3 Anno secundo Georgii IL c.23,'	56

the exchequer chamber, court of the dutchy chamber of Lan~ pafter at Wejlminfter, courts of equity of the counties palatine of Chejier, Lancajier and Durham, and of the great feffions in JValesy or any of them, as herein before is directed, by and with the confent and permiffion of any attorney in any of the faid other .courts of record at Wejlminjler y courts of the counties palatine of Chejier, Lancajier and Durham, courts of exchequer at Chejlery and courts of the great feffions in Walesy fuch confent being in writing figned by fuch attorney, and in the name of fuch attorney to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, carry on, profecute or defend any adfion or adfions, or any other proceedings in fuch court, notwithftanding fuch perfon is not fworn, or admitted to be an attorney of fuch court; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided likewife, and it is hereby further enabled and judges not to declared. That nothing in this adl contained fhall extend either fwear a grea-to require or authorize any judge or judges of any court of re-ter number of cord to fwear, admit or inroll, any more or greater number of ^merly ll™ perfons to be attornies of fuch court, than by the antient ufage lowed. Y and cultom of fuch court hath been heretofore allowed.

All. Provided arfo, and it is hereby further enadted, That clerks on if any attorney or folicitor, with and to whom any perfon hath deaths of their been or (hall be bound by contrail in writing as aforefaid, to matters, &c. ferve as a clerk for the term of five years, or four years, refpec-e^over^11" tively, (hall happen to die before the expiration of the faid five years, or four years, or if fuch contract (hall, by mutual content of the parties, be vacated, or in cafe fuch clerk be legally difcharged by any rule or order of the court, wherein fuch attorney or folicitor fhall pradfife, before the expiration of tha faid five years, or four years, then, and in any of the faid cafes, if fuch clerk lhall by contradl in writing be obliged to ferve, and (hall accordingly ferve as a clerk to any other attorney or folicitor refpedtively, who fhall be fworn, admitted and inrol-led, as before directed, during the refidue of the faid term of five years, or four years, refpedlively, then fuch fervice (hall be deemed and taken to be as good and effe&ual, as if fuch clerk had continued to ferve as a clerk for the term of five years, or four years, to the fame perfon, to whom he w’as originally bound by contract in writing as aforefaid.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- Attornies be-forefaid, That every perfon who (hall, purfuant to this adt, be totakethefoW admitted and inrolled to be an attorney in the faid courts of lowing oath, king’s bench, common pleas, exchequer, great feffions in Walesy (counties palatine of Chejier, Lancajier and Durham, or any inferior courts of record, wherein attornies have been accuftom-ably admitted and fworn, (hall, before he is admitted and in-rolled as aforefaid, take and fubfcribethe oath following, inftead of the oath heretofore ufualiy taken by the attornies of fuch pourts refpedtively.

I



6o

Anno secundo GeoRGH II. C. 23.	[1729;

Solicitors to take the oath following.

I A. B. do /wear, "That I will truly and honejlly demean my felf in the practice of an attorney, according to the bejl of my knowledge and ability.

So help me God.

XIV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who £hal 1, purfuant to this a6t, be admitted and inroiled to be a folicitor in the faid high court of chancery, or in any of the other courts of equity aforefaid, (hall before he {hall be fo admitted and inroiled, take and fub-fcribe the oath following; viz.

No attorney to have more than two clerks at one time.

Prothonota-ries of com. pleas, &c. to have three clerks.

I A. B. do fwear, That 1 will truly and honejlly demean my felf in the practice of a folicitor, according to the bejl of my knoivledge and ability.

So help me God. <

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of July in the year of pur Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, no attorney or folicitor (Idall have more than two clerks at one and the fame time, who fhall become bound by contradl in writing as aforefaid, after the faid firft day of Julyy to ferve him as clerks.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enadled and declared,That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral prothonotaries of the court of common pleas at Wefminfer? and the fecondary of the court of king’s bench, and the feveral prothonotaries of the re-fpedlive courts of the counties palatine of Chefer, Lancafer and Durham, and the refpedfive courts of great feffions in Wales, to have three clerks at one and the fame time, and no more; and that fuch refpedtive clerks,, having ferved a clerkfhip to any of the faid prothonotaries, or fecondary, for any term not lefs than five years, may, after the expiration of fuch term of five years, be examined, admitted and inroiled, to be an attorney of any of the courts of law aforefaid, and for the fame fee, ana in the fame manner, as any other perfon may be admitted and inro.lled, who dial! ferve a clerkfhip to any fworn attorney for the fpace of five years, in cafe the judge or judges of the court, before whom fuch clerk fhall be examined, be upon fuch examination fatished, that he is duly qualified to be admitted an attorney of fuch court; any thing in this acl contained to. the contrary notwithflanding.

AfteriDecem. XVII. And it is hereby alfo further enafted by the autho-* ttor*neys ptr- r,ty aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Decern-mining others her one thousand feven hundred and thirty, if any perfon, who iflue out fhall be a fworn attorney of any of the courts of law aforefaid, knowingly and willingly permit or fuffer any other perfon or perfons to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, pro-fecute, follow or defend any adfion or actions or other proceedings in his name, not being a fworn attorney of one of the faid other courts of law, or a fworn folicitor of the faid court of chancery, or fome or one of the courts of equity aforefaid, and

mi

fibled from practice



1729.] Anno secundo GeoRGii IL 0,23.	61

fhall be thereof lawfully convicted, every perfon fo convided (hall, from the time of fuch convidion be difabled, and made incapable to ad as an attorney in any of the courts of law afore-faid, and the admittance of fuch perfon to be an attorney of any of the faid courts of law fhall from thenceforth ceafe and be void.

XVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That After 1 June from and after the firft day of June one thousand feven hun- 1729- attor-^ dred and twenty nine the chief clerk of the court of king’s ^rs^be0^ bench or his deputy, the clerk of the warrants in the court of roue(j ;n the common pleas or his deputy, the prothonotaries of the faid re- proper courts, fpedive counties palatine of Lancajier, Chejier and Durham, and

of the great feflions in Wales, or their refpedive deputies, and fuch officers of the faid inferior courts of law, as the judge or judges of the faid inferior courts refpedively fhall, for that pur-pofe appoint, fhall and they are hereby refpedively required from time to time, without fee or reward, to inroll the name of every perfon who fhall be admitted an attorney in the faid refpedive courts of law, purfuant to the diredions in this ad, and the time when admitted, in an alphabetical order, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the faid feve-ral and refpedive offices; and alfo that the fenior clerk of the petty-bag office in the court of chancery or his deputy, the king’s remembrancer of the court of exchequer or his deputy, the chief clerk of the court of the dutchy chamber of Lancajier or his deputy, the regifters of the refpedive courts of equity in the faid counties palatine, and of the great feffions of Wales, or their refpedive deputies, and fuch officers of the inferior courts of equity, as the judge or judges of fuch inferior courts refpedively fhall for that purpose appoint, fhall and they are hereby refpedively required from time to time, without fee or reward, to inroll the name of every perfon who fhall be admitted a folicitor in the faid refpedive courts of equity, purfuant to the diredions in this ad, and the time when admitted, in an alphabetical order, in rolls or books to be kept for that purpose in the faid refpedive offices in the faid courts of equity ; to which rolls or books in the faid courts of law and equity refpedively all per-fons fhall and may have free accels without fee or reward.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That the Attomies to admiffion of any attorney in any of the courts aforefaid, purfu- be admitted ant to the diredions in this ad, fhall and may be written on withoutftamp, parchment without any ftamp imprefled thereupon, in cafe he hath 1 ^ orn be^0l'e at any time on or before the firft day of June one thousand feven J I729* hundred and twenty nine, been fworn and admitted an attorney

of any of the faid courts.

XX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That . f

from and after the firft day of December one thousand feven ne^m^yVe ^ hundred and thirty, any perfon who fhall be fworn, admitted admitted a fo-and inrolled to be an attorney in any of the faid courts of king’s licitor. bench, common pleas, exchequer, counties palatines of Chejier,

Lancajier and Durham3 and great feffions in Wales, as herein e ’

before



A (worn foil tor in one court of equi

Anno fecurido Georgii II. c. 23. f 1729^

before directed, may be fworn, admitted and inrolled to be $ folicitor in all or any of the courts of equity aforefaid, without any fee for the oath, or any {lamp to be impreffed on the parch-, ment whereon fuch admimon fhall be written, if the mafter of the rolls, two matters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancdfer, and the judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being,' or any of them refpedlively, fhall, upon examining fuch attorney touching his fitnefs and capacity to adl as a folicitor in courts of equity, be fatisfied that fuch attorney is duly qualified to be fo admitted*

XXL Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enabled. That from and after the firft day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, any perfon who fhall be fworn, admitted ty, may be ad- an(j inrolled to be a folicitor in any of the faid courts of chan-pother court. cei7* exchequer, dutchy of Lancafter, counties palatine of Chef-'	*	ter9 Lancajler and Durham, and great feffions in Wales, as here-

in before diredted fhall and may be fworn, admitted and inrolled to be a folicitor in all or any of the faid other courts of e-quity, or in any inferior court of equity, without any fee for the oath, or any ftamps to be impreffed on the parchment whereon fuch admifiion fhall be written, in cafe the mafter of the rolls, two matters of the chancery, the barons of the court of exchequer, the chancellor of the dutchy of Lancafter, and the judges of the faid other courts of equity for the time being, or any of them refpedlively, {hall, upon examining fuch perfon touching his fitnefs and capacity to adl as a folicitor in courts of equity, be fatisfied that fuch perfon is duly qualified to be fo admitted.

The name of XXII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, the attorney to That from and after the firft day of July one thousand feven be written on hundred and twenty nine, every writ and procefs for arrefting every writ,&c. the body, and every writ of execution, or fome label annexed to fuch writ or procefs, and every warrant that {hall be made out upon any fuch writ, procefs or execution, fhall, before the fervice or execution thereof, be fubfcribed or indorfed with the name of the attorney, cleric in court or folicitor, written in a common legible hand, by whom fuch writ, procefs, execution or warrant refpe£tively {hall be fued forth ; and where fuch attorney, clerk in court or folicitor fhall not be the perfon immediately retained or employed by the plaintiff in the a6tion or fuit, then alfo with the name of the attorney or folicitor fo immediately retained or employed, to be fubfcribed or indorfed and written in like manner; and that every copy of any writ or procefs that fhall be ferved upon any defendant, {hall, before the fervice thereof, be in like manner fubfcribed or indorfed, with the name of the attorney or folicitor, who {hall be immediately retained or imployed by the plaintiff in fuch writ or procefs.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of July one thousand feven

hun-

Attornies, See not to com-



1729.] Afino secundo GeoRGii IL 0.23*	63

hundred and twenty nine, no attorney or folicitor of any of thef mence an a<5H-courts aforefaid, fhall commence or maintain any adtion or fuit on for for the recovery of any fees, charges or difburfements at law, ^deHvery^f or in equity, until the expiration of one month or more after their bills, fuch attorney or folicitor refpedhvely fhall have delivered unto the party or parties to be charged therewith, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their dwelling-houfe or laft place of above, a bill of fuch fees, charges and difburfements, written in a common legible hand, and in thzEngliJb tongue (except law terms and names of writs) and in words at length (except times and fums) which bill fhall be fubfcribed with the proper hand of fuch attorney or folicitor refpe&ively ; and upon application of the party or parties chargeable by fuch bill, or of any other perfon in that behalf authorized, unto the faid lord high chancellor, or the mafter of the rolls, or unto any of the courts aforefaid, or unto a judge or baron of any of the faid courts re-fpe&ively, in which the bufinefs contained in fuch bill, or the greateft part thereof in amount or value, fhall have been tranf-a<5ted; and upon the fubmiffion of the faid party or parties, or fuch other perfon authorized as aforefaid to pay the whole fum, that upon taxation of the faid bill fhall appear to be due to the faid attorney or folicitor refpe&ively, it fhall and may be lawful ,	.

for the faid lord high chancellor, the faid mafter of the rolls, or refer bills to be for any of the courts aforefaid, or for any judge or baron of any taxed, without of the faid courts refpedtively, and they are hereby required to money being refer the faid bill, and the faid attorney’s or folicitor’s demand brought into thereupon (although no action or fuit fhall be then depending comt> in fuch court touching the fame) to be taxed and fettled by the proper officer of fuch court, without any money being brought into the faid court for that purpose ; and if the faid attorney or folicitor, or the party or parties chargeable by fuch bill refpec-tively, having due notice, fhall refufe or negledl to attend fuch taxation, the faid officer may proceed to tax the faid bill ex parte (pending which reference and taxation no a<5tion fhall be commenced or profecuted touching the faid demand) and, upon the taxation and fettlement of fuch bill and demand, the faid party or parties fhall forthwith pay to the faid attorney or folicitor refpe&ively, or to any perfon by him authorized to receive the fame, that fhall be prefent at the faid taxation, or otherwife unto fuch other perfon or perfons, or in fuch manner as the re-fpe&ive court aforefaid fhall diredt, the whole fum that fhall be found to be or remain due thereon, which payment fhall be a full difcharge of the faid bill and demand $ and in default thereof the faid party or parties fhall be liable to an attachment or procefs of contempt, or to fuch other proceedings at the e-le&ion of the faid attorney or folicitor, as fuch party or parties was or were-before liable unto; and if, upon the faid taxation and fettlement, it fhall be found that fuch attorney or folicitor fhall happen to have been overpaid, then in fuch cafe the faid attorney or folicitor refpe6lively fhall forthwith refund and pay unto the party or parties intitied thereunto, or to any perfon



'led

/ <3 ■&' c. f5s~



^4	Anno secundo Georgii It. c< 23."	Hl729*

tby him, her or them authorized to receive the fame* if prefect at the fettling thereof, or otherwife unto fuch other perfon or perfons, or in fuch manner as the refpedtive court aforefaid fhall diredt, all fuch money as the faid officer (hall certify to have been fo overpaid; and in default thereof the faid attorney or folicitor refpedtively fhall in like manner be liable to an attachment or procef9 of contempt, or to fuch other proceedings, at the election of the faid party or parties, as he would have been fubjedt unto, if this adt had not been made; and the faid refpedtive courts are hereby authorized to award the cofts of fuch / y „	taxations to be paid by the parties, according to the event of

' the taxation of the bill (that is to fay) if the bill taxed be lefs by a fixth part than the bill delivered, then the attorney or foli-* citor is to pay the cofts of the taxation; but if it fhall not be lefs, the court in their diferetion fhall charge the attorney or client, in regard to the reafonablenefs or unreafonablnefs of fuch bills.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Attorney, &c. firft day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, in nameT °Wa ca^e anY Per^on fhall, in his own name, or in the name of any wri^&c* anY ot^er Perf°n> fue out anY writ or procefs, or commence,-not inroHed, * profecute or defend any adlion or fuit, or any proceedings, in forfeit 5o 1. any of the courts of law or equity aforefaid, as an attorney of

folicitor, for or in expedtation of any gain, fee or reward, with-* out being admitted and inrolled as aforefaid, every fuch perfon, for every fuch offence, fhall forfeit and pay fifty pounds to the ufe of fuch perfon who fhall profecute him for the faid offence, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or profecute any adli-on or fuit in any court of lay/ or equity, for any fee, reward or difburfements on account of profecuting, carrying on or defending any fuch adtion, fuit or proceeding.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Forfeitures That the penalties and forfeitures incurred by any perfon of-how to be re* fending againft this adt, maybe recovered by adtion of debt, covered. bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s court of record at Wejiminjier, or in any of the courts of record of and for the counties palatines of Chejicr, Lane after- and Durham, or, in any of the courts of great feftions in Wales, for offences committed within the jurifdidtions of fuch courts refpedtivel'y, or at the affizes or general quarter-fefiions of the peace of the county, riding or divifion where fuch offence fhall be committed, by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame within twelve months after fuch offence committed, together with treble cofts of fuit, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law fhall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; and that no fuch bill, plaint, fuit or information, nor any proceedings thereupon fhall be removed before judgment, or ftayed by any writ of Certiorari, Habeas Corpus or other writ whatfoever.

q?o what	XXVI.	Provided	neverthelefs,	and	it is hereby further enadt-

cltrks, Sec. the ec] by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contain^ adt doth not e(j qlajj extend or be comftrucd to extend to the examination,

extend.

fwear-



1729'*] Anno fecurido GfeoRGIi II. c. 23;

fwearing admiffion or inrollment of the fix clerks of the court of chancery, or the fworn clerks in their office, or the waiting clerks belonging to the faid fix clerks, or the curfitors of the laid court, of of the clerks of the petty-bag office, or of the clerks of the King’s coroner and attorney in the court of King’s bench, or of the filazers of the fame court, or of the filazers of the court of common pleas at Wejiminjler^ or of the attornies of the court of the dutchy chamber of Lancafter, or of the attornies of the court of exchequer at Cbejl€?\ or of the attornies of the courts of the lord mayor and fheriffs of London refpedtively lor the lime being; but that the laid clerks^ filazers and attor-nies refpedtively, fhall and ttlay be examined, fworn, admitted, inrolled and pradtife in their refpedtive courts and offices afore-faid in like manner as they might have been or done before the making of this adt.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and The attornies enadted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt and clerks in contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the exami- ^eMie^ein nation, fwearing, admiffion or inrollment of the attornies or Mentioned,11 clerks of the offices of the King’s remembrancer, treafurer’s re- may aft as’ membrancer, pipe, or office of pleas in the court of exchequer heretofore, at TVeJhnlnJiers for the time being ; but that the faid attornies

and clerks of the faid refpedtive offices fhall and may be approved, fworn, admitted and pradtife in the faid court of exchequer, or may pradtife in any other of the courts of record before mentioned, in the name and with the confent of fome fworn attorney of fuch court, fuch confent to be in writing, and figned by fuch attorney as aforefaid, in like manner as they have ulually been, and might have done, before the making of this adt, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing; and that it fhall and may be lawful from and after the faid firft day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, for any perfon who fhall be fworn, admitted and inrolled an attorney or folicitor in any of the feveral courts before mentioned, according to the diredtion of this adt, to pradtife and folicit in the faid refpedtive offices, in the fame manner as heretofore has been done; any thing herein before contained, or any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, That this adt or anything herein as aifo the fo-contained fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to the ex- licitors of the amination, fwearing, admiffion or inrollment of perfons to be treafury, &c, folicitors of the treafury, cuftoms, excife, poft-office, fait or ftamp duties, or of any other branches of his  Majesty’s revenue for the time being, or of the folicitor of the city of London for the time being, or of the affiftant to the council for the affairs of the admiralty and navy; but that fuch folicitors and affiftant may be examined, fworn, admitted and pradtife, in their refpedtive offices only, as they might have done before the making

this adt.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Continuation aforefaid, That this adt fhall continue in force from the faid firft of the adt.

Vol. XVI.	F	day

65



A

//



C7?

/

46



66	Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 24.1	[1729.

day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine for the term of nine years, and from thence unto the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer. Continued by 12 Geo. 2. c. 13. and amended and continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 46* until 1 June 1757, and to the end of the next fejfion.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to ferve in parliament.

Extended 10 II7HEREAS it is found by experience, that the laws~aU ele&wns of dc* V V ready in being have not been fufficient to prevent corrupt and Pra bides in the election of members to ferve in parliament-, for Geo. II 11. remedy therefore of fo great an evil, and to the end that all elections of members to parliament may hereafter be freely and indifferently made, without charge or expence, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Electors of fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in meirtouke year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty the following nmQ-> upon every election of any member or members to ferve oath, if de- for the commons in parliament, every freeholder, citizen, free-manded. man, burgefs or perfon having or claiming to have a right to vote or be polled at fuch election, fhall, before he is admitted to poll at the fame election, take the following oath (or, being one of the people called Quakers, fhall make the folemn affirmation appointed for Quakers) in cafe the fame fhall be demanded by either of the candidates, or any two of the electors ; that is to fay.

Eledors oath

I A. B. do fwear (or, being one of the people called Quakers, 1 A. B. do folemnly affirm) 1 have not received, or had by my felfor any perfon what fo ever in trujl for me, or for ?ny ufe mid benefit dire ft ly or indirectly, any fum or fums of money, office, place or employment, gift or reward, or any promife or fecurity for any money, office, employment or gift, in order to give my vote at this election, and that I have not before been polled at this election.

Which oath or affirmation the officer or officers prefiding or freft^ad0^	the poll at fuch election, is and are hereby impowered

niinifter it, on and required to adminifter gratis, if demanded, as aforefaid, forfei ture of upon pain to forfeit the fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of 50k	Great Britain, to any perfon that fJial-1 fue for the lame, to be

recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminfler, wherein no effoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be admitted or allowed ; and if the faid offence fhall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, then to be recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, by fummary aCtion or complaint before the court of feffion, or by profecution before the court of juffi-

ciary



1729.] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 24.

ciary there, for every negledl or refufal fo to do ; and no perfon final! be admitted to poll, till he has taken and repeated the faid Oath in a publick manner, in cafe the fame fhall be demanded as aforefaid, before the returning officer, or fuch others as fhall be legally deputed by him*

II.	And be it further enaded, That if any fheriff, mayor. Sheriff or bailiff or other returning officer* (hall admit any perfon to be J^cerTd-. polled without taking fuch oath or affirmation, if demanded as mating any to aforefaid, fuch returning officer fhall forfeit the fum of one be polled, be-hundred pounds* to be recovered in manner aforefaid, together f°r<: fworn,to with full coils of fuit; and that if any perfon fhall vote or poll 100 * at filch election without having firft taken the oath, or, if a

Skiaker, having made his affirmation as aforefaid, if demanded, Voters t0 jn-fuch perfon fhall Jricur the fame penalty, which the officer is Cur the like fubjedl to for the offence above mentioned.	penalty.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Returning of-That every fheriff* mayor, bailiff, headborough or other per- fker, after fon, being the returning officer of any member to ferve in par- reading the liament, fhall, immediately after the reading the writ or precept writ, to take for the election of fuch member, take and lubfcribe the follow- *j|th,0 °win** ing oath, videlicet,

I A. B. do folemnty fuueari That I have not, direttly nor indirefilyy received any fum or fums of money, office, place or employment, gratuity or reward\ w any bond, bill or notey or any promifie or gratuity wbatfoever, either by my felfi or any other perfon to my ufey or benefit or advantage * for making any return at the prefent election of members to ferve in parliament; and that 1 will return Juch perfon or perfons as Jhally to the befi of my judgment, appear to me to have the majority of legal votes.

Which oath any juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid county, city, corporation or borough where fuch election fhall be made, or, in his or their absence, any three of the electors are hereby required and authorized to adminiiler ; and fuch oath, fo taken, fhall be entred among the records of the feffions of fuch county, city, corporation and borough as aforefaid.

IV; And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch What votes votes (hall be deemed to be legal, which have been fo declared be deem-by the lad determination in the houfe of commons; which Jaft ed ega * determination concerning any county, (hire, city, borough, cinque port or place (hall be final to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, any ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V,	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty of if any returning officer, elector or perfon taking the oath or wilful perjury, affirmation herein before mentioned, (hall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of falle affirming, and be thereof convidled by due courfe of law, fhall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties, which by law-are enabled or inflidled in cafes of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfons con -That no perfon convidled of wilful and corrupt perjury, or fu-vi&ed never

F 2	bornation	capable to

vote.



Perfons taking money or reward for their vote, &c, forfeit 500K and difabled to vote, See.

Offenders in 12 months after the election difeover-ing others, indemnified.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 24*	[1729^

bornation of perjury, {hall, after fuch conviction, be capable of voting in any election of any member or members to ferve in parliament.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon who hath, or claimeth to have, or hereafter fhall have, or claim to have any right to vote in any fuch election, lhall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, ask, receive or take any money or other reward, by way of gift, loan or other device, or agree or con-trad for any money, gift, office, employment or other reward whatsoever, to give his vote, or to refufe or forbear to give his vote in any fuch eledion, or if any perfonby himfelf, or any perfon employed by him, doth or fhall, by any gift or reward, or by any promife, agreement or fecurity for any gift or reward, corrupt or procure any perfon or perfons to give his or their vote or votes, or to forbear to give his or their vote or votes in any fuch eledion, fuch perfon lb offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as before direded, together with full cofts offuit; and every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, from and after judgment obtained againft him in any fuch adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, or fummary adion or profecution, or being any otherwife lawfully convided thereof, fhall for ever be difabled to vote in any eledion of any member or members to parliament, and alfo lhall for ever be difabled to hold, exercife or enjoy any office or franchife to which he and they then fhall or at any time afterwards may be intitled, as a member of any city, borough, town corporate or cinque port, as if fuch perfon was naturally dead.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

' That if any perfon offending againft this ad lhall, within the . fpace of twelve months next after fuch eledion as aforefaid,

difeover any other perfon or perfons offending againft this ad, fo that fuch perfon or perfons fo difeovered be thereupon convided, fuch perfon fo difeovering, and not having been before that time convided of any offence againft this ad, lhall be indemnified, and difeharged from all penalties and difabilities which he lhall then have incurred by any offence againft this ad.

The ad to be read by the Iheriff, See. after reading the writ.

IX. And for the more effedual observance of this ad, be it enaded, That all and every the fheriffs, mayors, bailiffs and ' other officers, to whom the execution of any writ or precept for eleding any member or members to ferve in parliament lhall belong or appertain, fhall and are hereby required, at the time of fuch eledtion, immediately after the reading fuch writ or precept, read or caufe t© be read openly before the eledors there assembled, this prefent ad, and every ciaufe therein contained; and the fame lhall alfo openly be read once in every year at the general quarter-feflions of the peace to be holden next after

Eajlery



i729-1 Anno secundo Georgii II. c.2£.	69

Eafier, for any county or city, and at every election of the chiefar*d at tlie magidrate in any borough, town corporate or cinque port, and ijonfafter at the annual eledion of magidrates and town councilors for£al^en every borough within that part of Great Britain called Scot* land.

X/And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That wilful offence every ffieriff, under-fheriff, mayor, bailiff and other officer, to forfeits 50 i. whom the execution of any writ, or precept for the electing of members to ferve in parliament doth belong, for every wilful offence, contrary to this ad, (hall forfeit the lum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, together with full cods of fuit, in the manner before directed.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded profeCution to by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (ball be made liable commence to any incapacity, difability, forfeiture or penalty by this ad laid within two or impofed, unlefs profecution be commenced within two years years, after fuch incapacity, difability, forfeiture or penalty fhall be incurred, or in cafe of a profecution the fame be carried on without wilful delay; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. XXV.

An at1 for the more effectual preventing and further punifh-ment of forgery, perjury and fubornation of perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes or other fecurities for payment of money.

WHEREAS the wicked, pernicious and abominable crimes of forgery, perjury and fubornation of perjury, have of late time been fo much praflifed, to the fubverfion of common truth andjujlice, and prejudice of trade and credit, that it is neceffary, for the more effectual preventing of fuch enormous offences, to inflift a more ex~ emplary punijhment on fuch offenders, than by the laws of this realm can now be done \ be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any' perfon from and after the twenty ninth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine fhall falfly make, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfly Xo forge any made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or affid in the deed,&c. felo-falfe making, forging or counterfeiting any deed, will, tedament, ny without be-bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promiffory note for neiltQ* clergy, payment of money, indorfement or alignment of any bill of exchange, or promiffory note for payment of money, or any acquittance or receipt, either for money or goods, with intention to defraud any perfon whatsoever, or fhall utter or publidi as true, any falfe, forged or counterfeited deed, will, tedament, bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promiffory note for payment of money, indorfement or alignment of any bill of exchange or promiffory note for payment of money, acquittance or receipt either for money or goods, with intention to defraud

F 3	any

Penalty for perjury and iuboni ati on.

70	Anno	fecundo Georgii II, C. 25.	[1729;

any perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged or counterfeited, then every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convidlecj according to the due courfe of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

II.	And the more effectually to deter perfons from committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or fubornation of perjury, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That befides the punifhment already to be inflicted by law for fo great crimes, it fhall and may be lawful for the court or judge, before whom any perfon fhall be convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, or fubornation of perjury, according to the laws now in being, to order fuch perfon to be fent to fome houfe of correction within the fame county, for a time not exceeding feven years, there to be kept to hard labour during^all the laid time, or otherwife to be tranfported to fome of his  Majesty’s plantations beyond the leas, for a term not exceeding feven years, as the court fhall think moft proper ; and thereupon judgment fhall be given, that the perfon convicted fhall be committed or tranfported accord--ingly, over and befidejuch punifhment as fhall be adjudged to

' be inflicted on fuch perfon, agreeable to the laws now in being $ and if tranfportation be directed, the fame fhall be executed in fuch manner as is or fhall be provided by law for the tranfportation of felons ; and if any perfon fo committed or tranfported fhall voluntarily efcape or break prifon, or return from tranf-portation before the expiration of the time for which he fhall be ordered to be tranfported as aforefaid, fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convicted, fhall fuffer death as a felon, without be-> nefit of clergy, and fhall be tried for fuch felony in the county where he fo efcaped, or where he fhall be apprehended.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, after the faid twenty ninth day of Jutte fhall fieal or take by robbery any exchequer orders or tallies, or other orders, intitling any other perfon or perfons to any annuity or fhare in any parliamentary fund, or any exchequer bills, bank notes, South-Sea bonds, Eaft-India bonds, dividend warrants of the bank, South-Sea company, Eajl-hidia company or any other company, fociety or corporation, bills of exchange, navy bills or debentures, goldfmiths notes for payment of money, or other bonds or warrants, bills or promiffory notes for the payment of any money, being the property of any other perfon or perfons, or of any corporation, notwithfianding any of the faicj particulars are termed in law a Chofe in action, it fhall be deemed and confirued to be felony, of the fame nature and in the fame degree, and with or without the benefit of clergy, in the fame manner as it would have been, if the offender had ftolen or taken by robbery, any other goods of like value with the money due on fuch orders, tallies, bills, bonds, warrants, debentures or notes, or fecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied, and fuch offender fhall fuffer fuch punifhment as he or fhe fhould or might have done, if he or fhe had ftolen other goods of the like value with the monies due on fuch orders, tallies, bonds,

bills?

rf0 fteal or-jers, tallies, felony.



1729*] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 26.	yi

bills, warrants, debentures or notes refpedtively, or fecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied; any law to the contrary thereof in any wife ufed notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided, That nothing in this adl contained {hall ex- Not to extend tend or be conftrued to extend to that part of Great Britain called t0 Scotland. Scotland.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Attainder not authority aforefaid, That no attainder for any offence hereby to corrupt made felony, fhall make or work any corruption of blood, lofs blood.

of dower, or difherifon of heirs.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this Continuance 36I {hall continue and be of force for the fpace of five years, to

be reckoned from the faid twenty ninth day of June in the year jnaffperpetual of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and 9Geo.2. c. 18. from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVI.

An aCl for making more effectual fever al a5ls paffed relating

to watermen, wherry men and lightermen, rowing on the	•

river Thames, and for letter ordering and governing fuch watermen, wherrymen and lightermen.

WHEREAS fever al laws and faiutes have been heretofore made for the better regulating and governing all perfons free of the watermens company, owning, rowing or working boats or Other craft upon the river Thames, between Gravefend in the county of Kent, and Windfor in the county of Berks ; but the faid laws have by experience been found to be ineffectual to anfwer the good ends and purpojes thereof; and it is neceffary to make further provifon in the premtffes, and to provide again]} the mifehiefs which happen by intruding apprentices too weak, unable, and unfkilful in the work, with the care of goods, and the lives of pajjengers on the faid river ; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, it fhall not be lawful for any perfon whatsoever, who now or hereafter {hall No waterman iceep, ufe, hire or work any wherry boat, tilt boat, barge or 2S the nver other vefiel for carrying paffengers or goods for hire, upon the takeTnVp-^ river Thames, between Gravefend and Windfor aforefaid, to bind, prentice, unreceive, take or imploy any apprentice or apprentices, fervant lefs he be an or fervants, unlefs he fhall be a houfe-keeper, or have feme 4cnown habitation, lodging or place of abode, where he may ^now^place receive and entertain fuch apprentice or apprentices, fervant or 0f abode,' fervants, and {hall from time to time regifter with the clerk of the faid company for the time being, the habitation, lodging or place of abode, where he (hall then refide, or whereto he fhall afterwards remove, upon pain that every mafter or perfon binding, receiving* taking, retaining or employing any apprentice or fer-

F 4	vant

on penalty of jol.

or imprifon-ment.

Clerk of the company to regifter the watlrmens habitations, on penalty of 10 1.

Apprentices may be turn ed over to other mafters on negleft of regiftring.

Apprentice not to be en-truited with the foie care of a boat till 16 years of age, if a waterman’s fon,

and 17 if the fon of a land-man.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 26.	[1729;

vant contrary to this a6t, and being thereof convidled before the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, or before any one or more juftice or jufticds of the peace for the time be** mg, for the faid city, or for the county or place where the offenders fhall be found, by the oaths of two or more credible wit-*-neffes, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch lord mayor, juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid ; and for want of fuf-ficient diftrefs fuch offender fhall, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch lord mayor, juftice or juftices of the p6ace, be committed to the next common or publick workhoufe or houle of corre&ion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, norlefs than fourteen days; and the clerk of the faid company for the time being is hereby required, upon any application made to him, to regifter the habitation, lodging and place of abode of every fuch waterman, wherryman or lighterman, and every fuch removal as aforefaid, of any or either of them, in l'ome book of the faid company, to be kept for that purpofe, without fee or reward ; and, in cafe fuch clerk fhall negle6l or refufe fo to do, he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied as any other penalty is to be levied, recover-? ed and applied by this a6t; and if any fuch waterman, wher-* ryman or lighterman fhall negle6t or refufe to regifter his habitation, lodging or place of abode, and every fuch removal there-? pf as aforefaid, every fuch apprentice or apprentices bound to any fuch waterman, wherryman or lighterman, fhall and may, , upon application made to the rulers and overfeers of the faid company, or the major part of them, at any of their publick courts or affemblies, be by them turned over to any other ma-fter or miftrefs; any indenture, covenant, contra# or agreement to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And for the fecurity of the lives of paffengers, and fafety of goods paffing on the faid river, between the limits aforefaid, be it ena6ted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feyen hundred and twen-r ty nine, it fhall not be lawful for any apprentice to have or take upon him the foie care and management of any boat or other veffel upon the faid river, within the limits aforefaid, until fuch apprentice fhall have attained the full age of fixteen years, if he be the fon of a waterman, and the age of feventeen years, be^ ing the fon of a landman, and unlefs fuch apprentice (hall have worked and rowed upon the faid river with fome able and fkil-ful waterman, wherryman or lighterman for the fpace of two years at the leaft, before his attaining of the faid refpedftive ages; and in cafe any fuch apprentice, under the years aforefaid, fhall offend or a61 contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a61, and fhall be convidled thereof in manner as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the mafter or miftrefs of fuch apprentice offending



1729*] Anno fccundo GeorgiiII. c.26.	'73

ing as aforefaid, (haH forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the Penalty tos. fum of ten (hillings, to be levied, recovered, paid and applied die waiter, to and for fuch ufes and purposes, and in fuch manner as any other penalty or forfeiture in and by this act is to be levied, re-covered and applied.

III.	'And whereas, purfuant to the afts of parliament in that behalf the rulers, auditors and ajftjlants of the fociety and company of watermen, wherrymen and lightermen, upon the faid river, betiveen Gravefend and Windfor aforefaid, have, for the better and more effectual keeping and maintaining good order and obedience amongjl the faid fociety and company, made and ordained fevera] good rules, orders and conjlitutions, with reafonable penalties for breach thereof which being approved by the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London for the time beings and afterwards confirmed by the lord chief jufiice of the court of King’s bench for the time being, are and ought to be obferved and put in execution, but the fame are in a great meafure ineffectual for want of fufficient diftrefs to anfiwer the faid penalties, by means whereof the mojl notorious offenders often efcape unpunijhed, and the offences are repeated to the great injury of his Majefys fubjefts: for remedy thereof be It enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where fufficient diftrefs cannot be found to pay and fatisfy the penalties inflicted, or to be Where no dl-infliCted, by any fuch rules, orders or conftitutions, fo made or ftrefs can be to be made, approved and confirmed as aforefaid, oath being f°un(b offend-made of fuch want of diftrefs before the lord mayor of the faid the houfeoV^ city for the time being, or before any juftice of the peace for the corre&ion. county, city or place where the offender fhall be found, it (hall

be lawful to and for fuch lord mayor or juftice of the peace, and they are hereby required to commit fucb offender to the publick workhoufe or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs than fourteen days, fuch offender being convicted according to this aCt or the a<ft made in the eleventh 11 ^ 12 W, 33 and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, inti- c’2U tuled, An aCt for the explanation and better execution of former afts made touching watermen and yvherrymen rowing on the river of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the faid water-men, wherrymen and lightermen upon the faid river, betiveen Gravefend and Windfor.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, None but free* That if any perfon or perfons, not having ferved for the fpace men t0 work of feven years to any waterman, wherry man or lighterman (ex- ^ enalt &of Cept trinitymen, ffthermen, ballaftmen and perfons employed JO£ y

in rowing or any ways navigating weftern barges, mill boats, (Exception, chalk hoys, faggot and wood lighters, dung boats and garden- Explained and £rs boats, in fuch manner as has been accuftomed, and is allow- a™fnded b ed and referved by the faid aCt made in the eleventh and twelfth * eo*2,c,24"-J years of King William the Third) (hall row or caufe to be rowed or worked any boat, wherry, lighter or other veffel or craft upon the faid river, for hire or gain, between the limits afore-foid, at any time or times hereafter, that then and in fuch cafe,

/	every

or imprisonment.

. Anno secundo Georgii II. c. a6,	[1729*

every fucli offender, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, being thereof convifted in fuch manner as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum often pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be levied and recovered in manner aforefaid ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs it fhall be lawful to and for the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city or place where the offence fhall be committed, and he and they are hereby required by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, to commit fuch offender to the next common or publick workhoufe or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs than fourteen days.

V.	And whereas by experience the prefent number of ajfiflants of the faid company are fo numerous, as at their meetings, infead of do-ing bufinefs, to occafion confufion and difurbance, be it declared and

of^affiftants^to ena<^e^ by the authority aforefaid. That the number of affiftants be reduced to of the faid company, at their future elections fhall be reduced to thirty, but each of them the faid affiftants to be elected, named and appointed, as heretofore they have been ufed feverally to be.

VI.	Provided always. That this aCt, or any thing therein contained, {hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to the leffen-ing, taking away, abridging, hindring, prejudicing, or other-wife impeaching of any right belonging to or lawfully claimed by, the late Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, lord of the manor of Gravefend, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators or af-figns, for the holding a certain court within the faid manor, called Curia Curfus Aqucs, or the court of the watercourfe, for the better government of barges, boats and veffels, ufing the ferry or palfage from the town of Gravefend to London, and of the perfons owning or working the fame, or of any other rights, liberties, powers and privileges whatsoever belonging to the faid late duke, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, relating to the faid ferry or paffage, or to the barges, tiltboats or other boats and veffels ufing the faid ferry or paflage, or plying at the bridge of the faid town of Gravefend, or the perfons own^ ing or working the fame, or otherwife howfoever,

VII.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend, to the leffening, taking away, hindring, prejudicing or impeaching of any grants, liberties, franchifes, cuftoms, privileges or ufages, now' or heretofore lawfully ufed, held or enjoyed by the mayor, jurats and capital inhabitants of the villages and parifhes of Gravefend and Milton in the county of Kent^ touching, concerning or relating to the paflage and ferry upon the faid river of Thames^ from the faid villages and parifhes of Gravefend and Milton to the faid city of London, or touching or concerning the government or gubernation of the faid paflage and ferry, but that the faid mayor, jurats and inhabitants, and their fucceflors, fhall and may do and execute all and every fuch lawful aft and afts,

Z	powers

thirty.

This aft not to prejudice the lord of the ; manor of Gravefend.

Nor the villages and parishes of Gravefend &nd Milton.



tjzg.J Anno fecundo. GeoRGIi II. c. 26.	75

powers and authorities touching the faid pa/Tage and ferry, and the government thereof, as they might or could have done, if this aCl had not been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That kt owners of (hall and may be lawful to and for the leffees, owners or occu- keys betwixt piers of any key or keys betwixt tht Hermitage bridge and Lon- Hermitage don bridge, or any or either of them, to ufe their and every of hndgc and their lighters., or large crafts, as hath been heretofore lawfully bHdgefmay accuftomed, for the carrying of goods and merchandizes to and ufe their large from their refpe&ive keys and wharfs, and to and from (hips crafts as here-loading or unloading, and to employ any perfon or perfons, be- toh>re'

ing watermen or lightermen duly qualified, as in and by the faid aCt paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late Majesty KingWilliam the Third, intituled, An aft for the ex- n & 12 W. 5. planation and better execution of former afts made touching watermen c* find wherrymen rowing on the river ^Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the faid watermen, wherrymen and lighter-pien upon the faid river, between Gravefend and Windfor, is directed or appointed,^ to row and work in their refpedtive lighters, or large craft, and to do and aCl any thing, as heretofore they might lawfully do, from fuch their refpedtive keys and. wharfs to any (hips or veffels as aforefaid ; any thing in this prefent a Cl contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

IX.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all the Penalties and penalties and forfeitures, which (hall be incurred or forfeited by forfeitures yirtue of this aCl, fhall and may be fued and profecuted for by h^w to be Ivied the rulers and overfeers of the faid company, or any two of them 9

for the time being, in fuch manner as is provided for and directed by the faid a Cl paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for the explanation and better execution of former afts made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the faid watermen, wherrymen and lightermen upon the faid river betiveen Gravefend and Windfor, and when the faid penalties and forfeitures fhall be recovered or levied, the fame (hall be paid to the faid rulers and overfeers of the laid company, or the major part of them for the time being, and fhall be by them paid and diftributed to and for the ufe of the poor of the faid company, in fuch manner as the faid rulers and overfeers, or the major part of them for the time being, fhall think fit; and all profecutions for the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be commenced within one month next after the offence (hall be committed.

X.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all con- Con (tables (fables and headboroughs fhall be aiding and a (Tiding in the due and headbo, execution of this aCl; and that in cafe any fuit or profecution roughs to af-fhall be commenced againfl: any perfon or perfons for any mat- fiftin execut-ter, caufe or thing done in purfuance of this a Cl, or any former mg ns ^ aCl relating to the water-fervice on the faid river, or to the regulating and governing the company and perfons aforefaid, that in

every

Hosted by

Google

*]6	Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 27?	[1729?

every fuch cafe the adion, fuit or profecution fhall be brought All profecu- and commenced within thirty days next after the fad commit-tions to com- ted, ancj not afterwards; and fuch perfon or perfons fo fued, ^days^after Pr°fecute(I or rnolefted, (hall and may from time to time, and fad commit- at ah times hereafter, plead the general iffue, and give this and ted.	any fuch former ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any

General iffue. trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-fuance and by the authority of the faid former adts, or this pre-fent adt; and if the fame (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adtion, fuit or profecution fhall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing or commencing the fame, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have and recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have Publick a*n anY ot^er cafes by law > and that this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick adt, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftfces, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enable her Majesty to be regent of this kingdom, during his Majesty's absence, without taking the oaths.

WHEREAS the King’s most excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been graciously pleased to communicate to his parliament his royal intention, for diverse weighty and important reasons, speedily to visit his dominions in Germany, and to appoint his royal consort the Queen (in whose wisdom and illustrious virtues his Majesty and his people do intirely confide) to be regent of this kingdom during his Majesty's absence; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if at any time or times hereafter his Majesty shall be pleased to constitute or appoint his said royal consort, the Queen, to be regent of this kingdom during his absence, either by the style of guardian of the realm of Great Britain, and his Majesty's lieutenant within the same, or by any other style or title whatsoever, in every such case her Majesty shall, to all intents and purposes, be able and capable in law to accept, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said office, and effectually to do and perform all acts, matters, and things belonging thereunto, in such manner, and for such time, as his Majesty, by any letters patent, or commission to be passed for that purpose under the great seal of Great Britain, shall respectively from time to time direct and ordain, without taking, making, or subscribing any oath or oaths, declaration or declarations, or doing any other act or acts whatsoever, required by the laws and statutes of this realm to qualify any other person to accept, hold, exercise, or enjoy the said office, any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aCl to revive the laws therein mentioned, relating to the importation of foreign brandy, and other waters and fpi-fits \ for importation of cochineal \ to continue feveral aCls for preventing frauds in the cujloms ; for encouragement of the ft Ik manufactures of this kingdom \ for making copper ore of the Britifh plantations an enumerated commodity \ for making perpetual an aCl therein mentionedr, for fuppr effing of piracy *, for enabling perfons profecuted upon the Capias, in relation to the running of goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis *, for more effectual debarring of unlawful games \ for licenftng retailers of brandy, and other diftilled liquors, and for better regulation of Ucenfes for common inns and alehoufes.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are expired or near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemb-led, and by the authority of the fame, That the claufe in an adt made in fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George 5 Qe0t the Firft, intituled, An aCt againfi clandeftine running of uncufiomedc.n. relating goods*) and for the more effectual preventing frauds relating to the to foreign

cufloms, which relates to the importation of foreign brandy, ar- brandy, &c.

*	'i	c?	j	*	revived iTom

rack, rum, ftrong waters or fpirits, in any (hip, veflel or boat, , May 1729.

under the burthen of fifteen tuns, which is expired, (hall be to 29 Sept, and is hereby revived, and fhall be in force for the purpofes i734->&c. therein mentioned, from the firft day of May one thouland ven hundred and twenty nine, until the twenty-ninth day of a c. 47.° September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then nextfeffion of parliament.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That i3Geo.i. c.25. an act made in the thirteenth year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, relating to cointituled, An a Cl for the free importation of cochineal, during the cJjhieal time therein limited, which is expired, {hall be and is hereby re-	x	^

vived, and fhall be in force for the purpofes therein mentioned. May1730,See. from the firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and twen- 2oGeo.2.G47« ty nine, until the firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

lit. And whereas fever al claufe s in an a Cl made in the fifth year	Ct}1*

of the reign of his faid late Majesty, intituled\ An act againfi: clan- frauds inthe* deftine running of uncufiomed goods, and for the more effedhi- enftoms, con-al preventing frauds relating to the cuftoms, relating to fuch fo- tinued till 29 reign goods, wares and merchandizes as Jhall be taken in at fea, out SeP^-I734-t&c* of any Jhip or veffel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Jhip, 20 e°42‘c'47,

veffiel

y%	Anno	fecundo	GeorgiI	II.	c.28*	[1729*

veffel or boat, and alfo relating to goods not reported\ and found af-*	ter clearing flrips, and whereby further remedies are provided againft

relanding goods prohibited to be 'worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods Jhipped out for parts, beyond the feas \ and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board fioips outward bound; and alfo relating to hovering fhips or vejfels of the burthen of fifty tuns or under ; and alfo concerning the bales or package in zuhich coffee /halt be exported; and alfo relating to rum imported in cafks or vejj'els not co?itaining twenty gallons at the leaf ; and alfo relating to certificate goods entred in order to be exported to Ireland ; which faid feveral elaufes were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the feveral times of the commencement thereof and from thence to the end of the next fejfion of parliament refpeftively (which faid feveral elaufes laf mentioned zvere, by another aft pajjed in the ninth year of Geo. 1. c.lfhe reign of his ' [aid late Mcljefly, for continuing of Jome laws and reviving others therein mentioned, and againfi clandefine running of uncufiomed goods, and for more effectual preventing frauds relating to the cufioms, and frauds in mixing filk with fiuffs to be exported, further continued from the expiration of the feveral and refpeftive terms therein mentioned, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament); and whereas the faid elaufes are near expiring, but in regard it is necejfary that the faid elaufes fhould be further continued, for preventing frauds in the revenue, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid laft mentioned elaufes in the faid adt of the fifth year of the reign of* his late Majesty, and fo continued by the faid act of the ninth year of his faid late Majesty, fhall be in force and put in practice, for the purpofes in the faid adts mentioned, from and afi* ter the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15.	IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

for encourag- the feveral elaufes contained in an adt made in the eighth year Ing iilk manu- Gf the re]gn of his faid late Majesty, intituled. An aft for encou-ttnued 111T* 9" rademmt °f the filk.manu fa ftures of this kingdom, and for taking off Sept. 17 34, SiQ, feveral duties on merchandizes exported, and for reducing the duties 16 Geo. 2.	on beaver fkins, pepper, macey cloves and nutmegs imported^ and for

c* 32’	importation of all furs of the produft of the Britifh plantations, into

this kingdom only, and that the two corporations of affurance on any fuits brought on their policies fioall be liable only to fingle damages * relating to the encouragement of the filk manufadtures of this kingdom, and for taking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported, which were to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and which were by an adt made in the eleventh nGeo.T. c.29. year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, to continue feveral adts therein mentioned, for encouraging of the filk manufadtures of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, further continued from the expiration thereof for three years * and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament,

Xhall



79

1729*] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 28.

fhall be and are hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enadted, That the two laft claufes, for Twolalt

the more effedtual preventing frauds and abufes in the faid laft claufes in mentioned manufadtures, contained in an adt made in the ninth ^^uec^dli year of hisMajefty’s reign, for continuing feme laws and reviv- ^Septfi;^, ing others, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, fhall be &c.	’	*

of full force, and (hall be put in execution accordingly, until

the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That 8Geo.i. c.18. the adt made in the eighth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, in- relating to tituled, An adt to prevent the clandestine r tinning of goods, and the

danger of infediion thereby, and to prevent flips breaking their qua- thre^years,01* rentine, and to fubjedi copper ore, of the production of the Britifh &c. plantations, to fuch regulations as other enumerated commodities of Farther conti-the like produdtion are fubjedi, which was to be in force for two nuedby iqGz0. years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven c< hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, which adt (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veffels to perform quarentine) was by an adt made in the eleventh year of his late  Majesty’s reign, to continue feveral adts therein mentioned, for encouraging of the filk manufadtures of this kingdom, for the preventing the clande-ftine running of goods, for making copper ore of the Britijb plantations an enumerated commodity, and for explaining and amending a late adt for more effedtual punifhment of fuch who fhall wilfully burn and deflroy fhips* further continued from the expiration thereof for the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be (except fo much of the fame adt as relates to fhips or veffels performing quarentine) and the fame is hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the adt made in the eighth year of his faid late  Majesty’s g Geo.r. c 24 reign, intituled, An adl for the more effedtual fuppreffmg of piracy, for fuppreiling which was to continue in force for feven years, from the twen- piracy, made ty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty PerP€tuah two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and is near expiring, fhall be and is hereby made perpetual.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, whatperfons That in cafe any perfon arrefted and imprifoned by virtue of prolecuted by* any writ of Capias, or information relating to the cuftoms, fhall Capias, may make affidavit before the judge or judges of fuch court, where defend in For> fuch adtion or information fhall be brought, or before any other raa PauPem*

perfon

Hosted by GoOglC

8o	Anno	fecundo	GeorGII II. C!.28.	^^7293

perfon commiffioned by fuch court to take affidavits, that he is not worth, over and above his wearing apparel, the fum of five pounds (which affidavit the faid judge or judges of fuch court, and fuch perfon fo commiffioned, is and are hereby authorized and required to take) and fuch perfon fhall thereupon petition fuch court to be admitted to defend himfelf againft: fuch action or information in Forma Pauperis,, that then the judges of fuch court fhall according to their difcretions admit fuch perfon to defend himfelf againft fuch adtion or information, in the fame manner, and with the fame privileges, as the judges of fuch court are by law directed and authorized to admit poor fubjedts to commence adtions for the recovery of their rights; and for that end and purpose it fhall be lawful for the judges of fuch courts to affign counfel learned in the law, and to appoint an attorney and clerk of fuch court to advife and carry on any legal defence that fuch perfon can make againft fuch adtion or information, which faid counfel, attorney and clerk fo affigned and appointed, is and are hereby required to give his and their advice and affiftance to fuch perfon, and to do their duties without fee or reward.

Adt Hen g. IX. And whereas a good and profitable Jlatute was made in the c. 9. againft * three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth (a-unlawful mong other things) for the debarring of unlawful games: and where-games, made as fry tfre jfrig fatute no power is given unto the jufices of the peacey more errec ual. tQ genmn^ ang tafa from perfons found playing contrary to lawy any other fecurity than their own recognizances, that they or any of them floall notfrom thenceforth ufe fuch unlawful games, unlefs fuch perfons are fo found playing contrary to law upon the view of one or more ju-flice or jufices of the peace : for remedy thereof, be it further en-adted by the authority aforefaid, That where it fhall be proved upon the oath of two or more credible witneffes, before any ju-ftice or juftices of the peace, as well as where fuch juftice or juftices (hall find, upon his or their own view, that any perfon or perfons have or hath ufed or exercifed any unlawful game contrary to the faid ftatute, the faid juftice or juftices fhall have full power and authority to commit ail and every fuch offender and offenders to prifon, without bail or mainprize, unlefs and until fuch offender and offenders (hall enter into one or more recognizance or recognizances, with fureties or without, at the difcretion of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, that he or they refpedtively (hall not from thenceforth play at or ufe fuch unlawful game.

^ X. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That brandy1^. no Per^on or perfons whatsoever (hall, from and after the twen-to be licenfed. ty fourth day of fune one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, fell brandy or other diftilled liquors, by retail, to be drank in his, her or their houfe or houfes, but fuch perfons only as (ball be thereunto licenfed and allowed, in the fame manner as common alehoufe keepers, and every perfon or perfons fo felling brandy, or other diftilled liquors by retail as aforefaid, (hall be fubjcdt to fuch rules, penalties and forfeitures, as common

alehoufe

1729.] Atmo fecUndo GEoRCii II. C.29."

alehoufe keepers now are for felling drink without licence ; and the feveral juftices of the peace of this kingdom, and other officers, are hereby impowered and authorized to have and exer-cife the fame jurifdi&ion, powers and authorities over fuch retailers of brandy and other diftilled liquors, which they now have or exercife over common alehoufe keepers, by any law or ftatute whatfoever.

XL And ivhereas many in conveniences have arifen frorn perfons being licenfed to keep inns, and common alehoufes, by juftices of the peace, who living remote fro?n the places of abode offuch*perfons^ may not be trtify informed as to the occafion or iva?2t of fuch inns or common alehoufeS) or the characters of the perfons applying for licences to keep the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the'twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven j^° Il(?ence to hundred and twenty nine, no licence (nail be granted to any	to

perfon to keep a commori inn or alehoufe, or to retail any bran- be granted dy or ftrong waters, but at a general meeting of the juftices of but at a gene-the peace, adling in the divifion where the Laid perfon dwells, ^meetingof to be holden for that purpofe, on the firft day of September year- 1 e *u lces* ly, or within twenty days after, or at any other general meeting of the faid juftices, to be holden for the divifion wherein the faid perfon refides; and all licences which fhall, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, be granted to the contrary hereof, (hall be null and void.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Licences aU extend, or be conftrued to extend, to oblige perfons already ready granted licenfed, to take out new licences on the firft day of September t0' one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, or within twenty 1	*	X73°*

days after, but that the licences already granted (hall fubfift and be valid, until the firft of September one thoilfand feven hundred and thirty; any thing in this acft contained to the contrary not-^ Withftanding; nor (hall any thing herein contained extend to alter the method or power of granting licences for keeping of common inns, alehoufes or brandy-(hops, in any city or town corporate.

CAP. XXD£.

An act to impower his majejiy to visit the collegiate church of Manchefter, during fuch time as the wardenjhip of the faid church is or fall be held in Commendam with the bifhoprick of Chefter.

"1X7'HEREAS the collegiate church of Manchefter, by virtue of * * a charter granted by king Charles the Firft, in the eleventh year of his reign, was founded and tnade a body corporate, and the bifhop tf/'Chefter for the time being was thereby appointed to be vifitor of the faid collegiate church: And whereas his late majefly king George the Firf, of blejfed memory, was gracioufy pleased to allow the prefeni bifhop 0/" Chefter to hold the ivardctiflnp of Manchefter in Commendam ivitk that bijbcprick: And ivhereas the prefent bi-Jhop of Chefter, being ivarden of the faid collegiate church, cannot Vol8 XVL	G	therefore

fhoprick of Chefter, the King may vifit.

8 %	Anno	fecundlo Georgii 11. c. 30.'	[

therefore exercife the power of a visit or ^ and fome doubt having lately arifeti, whether the King can visit the faid churchy during the fuf-When the penfion of the prefent bijhop of Chefter’s power : be it therefore ManchSter°f ena<^ec* by the king’s moft excellent majelly, by and with the ftiatf1 be held in advice and Confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com-Commendam mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-with the bi- rity of the fame, That during fuch time as the wardenffiip of Manchefier is or (hall be held in Commendam with the bilhoprick of Chefter, the power of viliting of the faid collegiate church of Manchefier is and (hall be veiled in the crown; and that his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, kings of Great Britain, have and fhall hereby have full power and authority to visit the faid collegiate church, according to the tenor of the chatter of foundation of the faid church.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacled and declared by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this prefent a6l contained, (hall extend, or in any wife be conftrued to extend, to deftroy any of the rights or powers of the metropoJitical fee of

SeV-°htfof0y Y°rk-> '

or of the archbifhop of the fame for the time being, in the fee of °	an^ over the faid collegiate church of Manchefier, and every

York.	member and officer, within the fame, but that the faid rights

and powers of the faid metropolitical fee of York, and of the archbifhop for the time being, (hall be and remain, in all times coming, in as full force and virtue, as if this prefent a61 had never been made, and that this a6t (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a6l to all intents and purpofes whatfoever. wrnin^e^ec*	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority

tioTs determl- afore faid. That if any difpute of queftion (hall arife concerning nable by com- the eledlion or admiffion of any of the prefent members or of-mon law. ficers of the faid college, by reafon of his or their not being eledled or admitted within the time limited by the charter, the fame (hall be determinable by the courfe of the common law, and not otherwife, in fuch manner as if no visitatorial power were in being*

CAP. XXX.

An adl for making the hamlet of Wapping Stepney, in the.parifh of faint Dunftan Stebenheath alias Stepney in the county ofMiddlefex, a diftiniT parifh, and for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church there.

3,oool. allotted for the redtors of the new church in Wapping Stepney out of the money intended by adt i Geo. 1. Hat. z. c. 23. church-wardens may make vaults, and fet up monuments. 100I. per ann. without deduction, to be paid to the redlor. Veftrymen to choofe lecturers, See. The diftridt hereby appointed, to be a diftindl parifli, and divided from Stepney parifh, and difeharged ffom fmall tithes, See. All great tithes to be paid to Brafen Nofe college in Oxford. The church-wardens to pay to the two portionifts 50I. per ann. each, fo long as they (hall continue por-tionifts. No furplice fees for burials, unlefs the corps be carried into the church, See. The parifli clerk to be a member of the corporation of parifh clerks. Redtory not to be held in commendam. Parifli clerk to pay to the prefent clerk of Stepney 13I. per annum. Adi not to alter the methods for repairing the highways lying in the parifh of Stepney.

C A P,



tj2g.] Anno secundo GeoRgii II. 0.31,	S3

CAP. XXXI.

An aB for indemnifying perfons who have orbit ted to qualify ■themfelves for offices or imployments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe\ and for repealing fo much of an aB of parliament paffid in the fir ft year of his late Majesty king George the Fir ft, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices or imployments within three months, and for limiting other times for fuch qualifications', as alfo for the repeal of ft) much of an aB pafted 30 Car. 2. as relates to the fworn fervants of the king's or queen's Majefty.

FO R quieting the minds of his Majefty* s fuljeBs, and preventing the inconveniencies that might otherwife happen to diverfe per-Jonsgivho on account of their offices, places, imployments or profeffiions, or any other caufe, ought to have taken and jubfcribed the oaths appointed to be taken by fuch perfons, in and by an aB made in the fir ft year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the Firft, of glo- 1 Geo. i. rious 7nemory, intituled, An adt tor the further fecurity of his Ma- c* *3* jetty’s perfon and government, and the fucceffion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants, and For extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales> and his open and fecret abettors, or to have qualified themfelves according to an aB made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of king Charles the Second4 intituled, An adt for preventing dangers 25 Car. 2. c. 2* which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the fa-crament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and tnaking and fubferibing the declaration againfi tran-fubfiantiation therein mentioned, which faid perfons have, through the fhortnefs of the time allowed for that purpofe, or fame accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths, or otherwife to qualify themfelves as aforefaid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner as in and by the faid aBs refpeBively, or by any other aB of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, ivhereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and difabilities: be it enadfed by the king’s moll: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons* in this prefent parliament affembled* and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall, otl perfons before or before the twenty eighth day of November in the year of our Nov. i7Z Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, take and qualifying fubferibe the oaths appointed hy an adt made in the firft year themielves ac-of his late Majesty king George the Firft, intituled. An aBfor the ^a^clec)0 further fecurity of his  Majesty’s perfon and government, and the fuc- ftat. z.c, 15. ceftion of the crown in the heirs of the princefs Sophia, being proteftants, and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and at fuch place and places, as.are * ,	G	%	in



84

indemnified from all former omifiions.

Offices already avoided not to be reftoi ed.

Anno secundo GEoRgii II. c. 3 ii	f	1719a

in and by the faid a<5t directed, and alfo receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of England,- and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantiation, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed, (hall be and hereby are indemnified, freed and difcharged of, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and difabilities, incurred for or by rea-fon of any former negledf or omiffion of taking or fubfcribing the faid oaths, or receiving the faid facrament, or making and fubfcribing the faid declaration refpecftively, according to the above mentioned a<5ls, or either of them, or any other a& or a£ts concerning perfons in offices or places of truft, and is, are and {hall be fully and a&ually recapacitated and rcftored to the fame ftate and condition, as fuch perfon and perfons were in before fuch negledt or omiffion, and (hall be hereby deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themfelves accord-* ing to the above mentioned acfts, and every of them, and that all a6ts done or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and fhall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame, or any of them, would have been, if fuch perfon or perfons had taken and fubfcribed the faid oaths, and received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, according to' the dire&ion of the faid a6ls,and every of them; and that fuch perfons qualifying themfelves in the manner, and within the time appointed by this a<ft, fhall be to all intents and purpofes as effectual, as if fuch perfon or perfons had taken and fubfcribed the faid oaths, and received the faid facrament, and made* and fubfcribed the faid declaration, within the tim$ and in the manner appointed by the feveral a6ts before mentioned; any law or ftatute whatsoever to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II.	Provided always, That this a6f, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend, to reftore ; or intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or imployment, benefice, matter or thing whatsoever, already adlually avoided by judgment of any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, or already filled up, and enjoyed by another perfon; but fuch office* imployment, benefice, matter or thing fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforefaid, fhall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons, who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this adlhad never been made.

III.	And whereas the obligation to take and fubfcribe the oaths ap-pointed to be taken and fubfcribed by peifons on account of their of-fees, places, imployments or profeffions, or any other caufe in and by the faid aft made in the firf year of the reign of his late majefy king George the Firf, is found inconvenient, by reafon the time for taking and fubfcribing the faid oaths is limited to three months after any perfon s admittance to, or entry upon, any prefei'ment, benefice, officey place j imployment or profeffion^ in the faid aft mentioned: be it there- -



tyzg.) Anno fccundo GeoRgii II. c.31.	85

fore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the Part of the ad: faid ad, as requires any perfon or perfons to take and fubferibe 1 Geo- 1 ftat* the faid oaths therein mentioned, within three months after he qUirjng*the" or they fhall be admitted into, or enter upon fuch preferment, oaths, &c. to benefice, office or place, or come into fuch capacity, or take be taken in upon him or them fuch pradice, imployment or bufmefs, as three months, therein is mentioned, fhall be and is by this ad abfolutely re- rePea e pealed.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That The timeli-all and every perfon and perfons that (hall be admitted, entred, mi ted for fuch placed or taken into any office or offices, civil or military, or Clualica lons* fhall receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reafon of any patent or grant from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or (hall nave command or place of truft, from or under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, or by his authority, or by authority derived from him or them, within that part of Great Britain called England, or in his  Majesty’s navy, or in the feveral iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or that fhall be admitted into any fervice, office or imployment, in the houfhold or family of his Majesty, or her Majesty, or of his royal highnefs Frederick prince of Wales, or any other of his  Majesty’s iflue^ and all ecclefiaftical perfons, heads or governors, of what denomination foever, and all other members of colleges and halls within either of the univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or fhall be of the foundation, or that do or fhall enjoy any exhibition, being of, or as foon as they fhall attain the age of eighteen years, and all perfons teaching or reading to pupils, in either of the aforefaid univerfities or elfewhere, and all fchoolmafters and ufhers, and all preachers and teachers of feparate congregations, high or chief conftabJes, and every perfon who fhall a£l as ferjeant at law, counfellor at law, barrifter, advocate, attorney, folicitor, prodlor, clerk or notary, by pra&ifing in any manner as fuch in any court or courts whatsoever, within that part of Great Britain called England, who fhall at any time after the twenty firft day of January	:

one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight be admitted into, or enter upon, any of the above mentioned preferments, benefices, offices or places, or fhall come into any fuch capacity, or fhall take upon him or them any fuch practice, imployment or bufmefs as aforefaid, fhall take and fubferibe the oaths appointed by the ftatute made in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the Firft, at fuch places, and in fuch form, as by that ftatute is directed, in his  Majesty’s court of chancery, 9 Geo. 2.0.26. king’s bench, common pleas or exchequer, at any time before the end of the next-term, after he or they fhall be admitted into, or enter upon any fuch preferment, benefice, office or place, or come into fuch capacity, or take upon him or them fuch practice, imployment or bufmefs as aforefaid, or fhall take and fubferibe the faid oaths as aforefaid at any time before the end of the next quarter-feffions of the county, city or place where fuch perfon lhall be or refide, after he or they lhall be admitted into, or enter upon any fuch preferment, benefice,* office or place, or -*	G3	come



may qualify themfelves within four

Perfons within the times hereby limited neglecting to qualify themfelves, liable to the difabilities in } Geo. i, ftat. 2. c. 13*

g6	Anno	fecundo GeoRGII II, c. 31.	[1729.

come into any fuch capacity, or take upon him or them fuch practice, imployment or bufinefs as aforefaid.

Perfons be- V. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft fhall extend to yond the leas any perfon beyond the feas, who by virtue of this aft ought to take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, fo as fuch perfon do, within four months after his return to, and arrival in, that part of months after Great Britain called England, take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, their arrival. jn fuch manner and form, and at fuch place and places as are appointed in and by the faid aft, made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefly king George the Firft, and alfo re-* ceive the facrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantiation, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons aforer faid, that (hall negleft or refufe to take the faid oaths, or either of thetp> within the time and at the places aforefaid, according to the directions of this aft, fhall be liable unto and incur all fuch difabilities, incapacities, forfeitures and penalties, as in and by the faid aft of the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the Firft are provided and inflifted for not taking and fubfcribing the faid oaths 3 and in cafe of executing of any fuch office, place or imployment, after fuch negleft or refufal, every fuch perfon and perfons being thereof lawfully convifted in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted, fhall be liable unto and incur all fuch difabilities, incapacities, forfeitures and penalties, as in and by the faid aft are in the like cafe provided and inflifted, to be profecuted, fued for and recovered in fuel} manner as therein is pretfribed.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore? faid. That all and every the powers, authorities, conditions, directions and provifions, in and by the faid aft of the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty king George\ the Firft enafted or provided, touching or relating to the taking or fubfcribing of the faid oaths, or the negleft or refufal thereof, or in confe-quence of luch taking or fubfcribing the faid oaths, or negleft pr refufal thereof, fhall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in full force, as if the fame were herein particularly inferted and re-enafted ; faving as to the alteration hereby made in refpeft of the times limited for taking and fubfcribing the faid oaths; and faving alfo as to the indemnity hereby granted to fuch, who on or before the twenty-eighth day of November next fhall take and fubfcribe the faid oaths; any thing herein before contained to; the contrary thereof ip any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And zohereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament pajfed in the thirteenth a?id fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefy. Ping Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for uniformity of prayers and adminiftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies, and for eftablifhing the form of making, ordaining and

Ail the powers in 1 Geo. i. to be in iorce.

Exceptions.

13 Sc *4. Car.2.

G 4.



I729O Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 31.

confecrating bifhops, priefts and deacons in the church of Engr

S7

land) it is amongfl other things enatttcd, That all inafters, fellows, chaplains and tutors, of or in any college, hall, houfe of learning or hofpital, and every pubhck profejfor and reader in any of the univer-fities, Jl)onld take and fuhfcrihe the declaration therein mentioned and directed to be fubfcribed, before the vicechancellor for the time being, or his deputy, upon pain of forfeiting their refpettive mafterjhips, headjlnps, fellowjhips, profeffors places and readers places in the [aid unify erffties; notwithflanding which feveral perfons have through inadvertency omitted to fubfcribe the faid declaration, and have thereby incurred the penalties in flitted by the faid att: now for the relief of fuch matters* fellows, profeffors and readers in any of the faid univerttties, as have negleded to fubfcribe the faid declaration, be itenaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the Times limited matters, fellows, chaplains and tutors, of or in any college, hall, fQJ- mailers, houfe of learning, or hofpital, and every publick profeffor and tbe°im^verC-ll? reader in any of the univerfities, who have negleded or omitted to qua-to fubfcribe the faid declaration, and {hall before the twenty lily them-fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and twenty ielves. nine take and fubfcribe the faid declaration before fuch perfon, and in fuch manner as required by the faid ad paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his faid late majetty king Charles the Second, or any other ad or ads of parliament requiring the taking and fubfcribing the fame, fhall be and are hereby indemnified from all forfeitures, difabilities and incapacities inflided by the faid ad, and fhall be rettored to their re-fpedive headfliips, fellowlhips, profeffors places and readers places: provided. That this ad fhall not extend to reftore any fuch perfon or perfons to any headttiip, fellowfhip, profeffor’s place •or reader’s place, who through fuch negled or omiffion as aforefaid hath or have forfeited the fame, and which are already filled up or enjoyed by any other perfon or perfons.

IX.	IVhereas all perfons having command or place of trufl from or under his Majefly, or who are of the houfhold or in the fervice of his Majefy, are bound by an att paffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of the late king Charles tlye Second, intituled. An ad for pre- 25 Car. z. c. 2. venting dangers which may happen from popilh recufants, to make and fubfcribe a declaration againfl tranfubfantiation in the fav crament of the Lord's Supper; and the fiuorn fervants of the King's or Queen's majefy are bound, by an att made in the thirtieth year of the reign of the faid king Charles the Second, intituled. An ad 30 Car 2 for the more effedual preferving the King’s perfon and govern-ment, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, to repeat and'’fubfcribe a like declaration againfl tranjubflanti-ation, together with fome additions, and the declaration only againf tranfubflantiation being, as to thefe perfons, fuffcient; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That lb much of the faid theTa^ oCar Jaft mentioned ad as relates to the lworn fervants of the King’s ftat. as

or Queen’s majetty (hall be repealed; and if any fuch perfon relates to the hath offended contrary to fuch part of the faid ad intended; to King’s {worn

G-4



Anno secundo GeorGII II. 0.32,33.	[1729.

be hereby repealed, he (hall be freed from all penalties and in-capacities incurred thereby.

CAP. XXXII,

An act to impower his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, during the life 0/Thomas Bambridge, efquire, to grant the 1 cffice °f warden of the prifon of the Fleet to fuch perfon or perfons as his Majesty jhall think fit *, and to incapacitate the faid Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the faid office, or any other whatfoever.	Exp.

WHEREAS Thomas Bambridge, efquire, is by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the thirtieth day of September in the fec.ond year of the reign of his prew fcnt Majesty, appointed warden or keeper of the Fleet, and of the cuftody of the prifon and gaol of the Fleet, and of the prifoners committed or to be committed to the faidprifon and gaol of the Fleet, and keeper of his Majesty s old and new palaces of Weftminfter, during the term of his natural life, unlefs he fur renders or forfeits, and the reverfton thereof to Dowgall Cuthbert, efquire, for the term of his Majesty s life, upon the fame conditions; and whereas his Majesty has been pleased to order his attorney general to profecute at law the faid Thomas Bambridge for wilfully permitting feveral debtors, as well to his Majesty as to divers of his fubjefts, to efcape, and for being guilty of the mo ft notorious breaches of his truft and the high eft crimes and mifdemeanors in the execution of his faid office, and having arbitrarily and unlawfully loaded ivith irons, put into dungeons and deft royed prifoners for debt put under his charge, in violation and contempt of the laws of this kingdom; asalfo to profecute James Barnes, William Pindar, John Everett and Thomas King, for being agents and accomplices with the Jmd' Thomas Bambridge in the commiffiton of his faid crimes: and whereas there is great danger of efcapes and of the continuance of the cruelties and barbarities before-mentioned., in cafe the faid Thomas Bambridge, or any of his agents^ Jhould continue to execute the faid offices, which may tend as well to the prejudice of his Majesty, as his fubjedls \ for the preventing of which it is neceffiary to difable the faid Thomas Bambridge to Imd or execute the faid office of warden of the prifon of the Fleet, or t$ have or exercife any authority relating thereto: be it therefore enacted, &c.

After 14 June 1729, T. B. difabled to hold the wardenffiip of the Fleet: his Majesty to appoint another warden. T. B. to deliver to the judges of the common pleas a lift of his prifoners on oath, and alfo all fecurities ; which are vefted in the new warden, to whom he is to transfer all prifoners in his cqftody. T. B. not delivering fuch lift. Sec. guilty of Felony. New warden not to fell or farm out any office. James Barnes, See difabled from any office in the Fleet. T. B. made incapable of exercifing any office. This aft pot to prevent any profecution agaijift T. B. &c.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for obviating any doubts or difficulties that may arife from an aft: jjafled in the firft year of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an aft faffed in the thirteenth year of his late Majeftys reign,

intituled)



1729-] Anno secundo GeoRgii II. c. 34.

intituled, An a£jt for the fale of fuch of the forfeited eftates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are veiled in the crown, and for determining fuch claims on the faid eftates, as having been duly entred remain undetermined. EXP.

judgments and determinations by the delegates in Scotland may be amended and reverfed, as by a<5l 6 Geo. i. c. 24. Delegates to determine all £ aufes undetermined.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for eftablijhing an agreement with feven of the lords proprietors of Carolina, for the furrender of their title and inter eft in that province to his Majesty,

WHEREAS his late Majesty king Charles the Second, by his letters patent under the great feal ^England, bearing date at Weftminfter in the fifteenth year of his reign, did grant and cojiftrm unto Edward then earl of Clarendon, George then duke of Albermarle, William then lord Craven, John then lord Berkley, Anthony then lord Afhley, Sir George Carteret, knight and ba-ronet, Sir William Berkley, and Sir John Colleton, knight and baronet, allfince deceafed, their heirs and ajjigns, all that territory or traft of ground fituate, lying and being within his faid late Majesty $ dominions in America, extending from the north end of the if and called Lucker Ifland, which lieth in the Southern Virginia Seas, and within fix and thirty degrees of the northern latitude, and to the weft as far as the South Seas, and fo foutherly as far as the river Saint Matthias, which bordereth upon the eoaf j/'Florida, and within one and thirty degrees of northern latitude, and fo weft in a dire ft line as far as the South Seas aforefaid, together with all and fingular ports, harbours, bays, rivers, ifes and ifets belonging unto the country of or efaid, and alfo all the foil, lands, fields, woods, mounr tains, farms, lakes, rivers, bays and ifets, fituate, lying or being within the bounds or limits aforefaid, with the fifhing of all forts of fijh,

' whales and flurgeons, end all other royal fifhes in the feas, bays, ijlets and rivers within the premijfes, and the fijb therein taken; and moreover all ve\ns, mines, quarries, as well difcovered as not difcovered, of gold, fiver, gems and precious fiones, and all other whatjoever, whether of ft ones, metals or any other thing whatsoever found or to be found within the country, ifes and limits aforefaid, and alfo the Patronage and advowfons of all churches and chapels, which, as chrif tian religion Jhould increafe within the country, ifes, ifets and limits aforefaid, Jhould happen then after to be erefted, together with licenfe and power to build and found churches, chapels and oratories in convenient and ft places within the faid bounds and limits, and to caufe them to be dedicated and confecrated according to the eccleftaflic 'dl lams of the kingdom ^England, together with all and fingular the like and as ample rights, jurifdiftions, privileges, prerogatives, royalties, liberties, immunities and franchifes of what kind foever within the country, ifes, ifets and limits aforefaid, to have, ufe, exercife and enjoy, and in as ample manner as any bifbop ^Durham in the kingdom of England ever the?itofore had, held, iifed or enjoyed, or. of right ought or could have, ufe or enjoys and his faid late 'Majefty did there-



go	Anno	lecundo	Georgii II. 0.34.*	[1729;

by for himfelf\ bis heirs and fucceffors, make, create and conJUiute the faid Edward earl of Clarendon, George duke of Albermarle, William lord Craven, John lord Berkley, Anthony lord Afhley, Sir George Carteret, Sir William Berkley, and Sir John Colle^ ton, their heirs and ajjigns, the true and abfolute lords and proprietors of the country aforefaid, and of all other the prcmiffes (faving as therein is mentioned) to have, hold, poffefs and enjoy the fatd country, ifes, iflets and all and fingular other the prerniffes, to them the faid Edward earl 0/Clarendon, George duke a/'Albermarle, William lord Craven, John lord Berkley, Anthony lord Afhley, Sir George Carteret, Sir William Berkley, and Sir John Colleton, their heirs and affigns for ever, to be holden af his faid late Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, as of his manor of Eaft Greenwich in the county of Kent, in free and common focage, and not in capite, or by Second patent, knights fervice: and whereas his faid late majefly king Charles the Second, by other letters patent under the great feal of England, bearing date the thirtieth day of June in the feventeentn year of his feign, reciting the letters patent herein firjl recited, did grant unto the faid Edward earl of Clarendon, George duke of Albermarle, William /m/Craven, then earl of Craven, John lord Berkley, Anthony lord Alhley, Sir George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their heirs and affigns, all that province, territory or traft of ground fituate, lying and being within his faid late Ma-jeflfis dominions of America, extending north and eaftward as far as the north end of Carahtuke river or gullet, upon a flraight wef-terly line to Wyonake creek, which lies zvithin or about the degrees af thirty fix and thirty minutes northern latitude, and fo Wefl in a diredi line as far as the South Seas, and fouth and weflward as far as the degrees of twenty nine incluflve* northern latitude, and fo wefl in a direft line as far as the Spilth Seas, together with all and fingular ports, harbours, bays, rivers and iflets belonging unto the province or territory aforefaid-, and alfo all the foil, lands, fields, woods ferms, lakes, rivers, bays and iflets jituate or being within the bounds or limits lafl before-mentioned. With the flflnng of alt forts offifh, whales, Jlurgeons and all other royal fifhes in the Jea, bays, iflets and rivers within the prcmiffes, and the fijh therein taken, together with the royalty of the fea upon the coafts within the limits aforefdid, and all veins, mines and quarries, as well difeovered as not difeovered, of gold, fiver, gems and precious flones, and all other whatsoever, be it. of flones, metals or any other things found or to be found within the province, territory, iflets and limits aforefaid; andfurthermore the patronages and advowfons of all churches and chapels, which, as chriftiaii religion jhould increafe within the province, territory, ifles and limits aforefaid, flmild happen then after to be ere died, together with licenfl and power to build andfound churches, chapels and oratories in convenient and fit places within the faid bounds and limits, and to caufe them to be dedicated and confecrated according to the caleflaflical laws of the kingdom of England, together ivith all and fingular the like arid as ample rights, jurifdidlions, privileges, prerogatives, royalties, liberties, immunities and franchifes of what kind foever within the territories, ifles, iflets and limits aforefaidto have, hold, itfe, exertife and



1729.] Anno fecundoGeorgii II. e, 34.	9*

enjoy the fame as amply and fully and in as ample manner as any'bifhop of Durham in the kingdom of England tbentofore bad, heldy ufed or enjoyed, or of right ought or could have, ufe or enjoy; and his faid late Majesty did thereby for himfelf bis heirs and fuccejfors, make^ create, conftitute and appoint them, /fo Edward earl of Clarendon, George duke of Albermarle, William 0/Craven, John lord Berkley, Anthony lord A Alley, S/r George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their heirs and ajfigns, the true and abfolute lords and proprietors of the faid province or territory, and of all other the premijfes (faving as therein is mentioned) to have, hold, poffefs and enjoy the faid province, territory, ifets and all andfingular other the premijfes, /0	^	Edward of

Clarendon, George duke ^/’Albermarle, William earl of Craven,

John Berkley, Anthony AAiley, Sir George Carteret,

Sir John Colleton, and Sir William Berkley, their heirs and af-figns for every to be holden of his faid Majefly, his heirs and fuccef-fors, as of bis manor of EaA: Greenwich aforefaidj in free and common J'ocage, and not in Capite, or by knights fervice, as in and by {be faid feveral recited letters patents, relation being thereunto hadr may appear : and whereas the part, Jharey interef and eftate of the faid Edward late earl of Clarendon, of and in the provinces, terri-lories^ ifets, hereditaments and premijfes in and by the faid feveral recited letters patents granted and comprifed, is now come unto and vefted in the honourable James Bertie, of the parijh of Saint John Theprefenfe jthe Evangelism the liberty of WeftminSer in the county ^Middle- proprietors, dex, ef quire, in his. own right; and the part, Jhare, inter eft and eftate of the faid George late duke of Albermarle, of and in the fame premijfes, is come unto and vefted in the moft noble Henry notu duke of Beaufort, and in the faid James Bertie, and the honourable Do-dington Greville tf/'Bulford in the county of Wilts, efquire, the two furviving devifees named in the will of the moft noble Henry late duke tf/'Beaufort deceafedy in truft for the prefent duke of Beaufort, and for the right honourable Charles Noell Somerfet, his brother, an infant \ and the party Jharey intereft and eftate of the faid William late earl of Craven, of and in the fame premijfes, is come unto and yefted in the right honourable William now lord Craven ; and the party Jharey intereft and eftate of the faidjohn late lord Berkley, of and in the fame premijfes, is now come unto and vefted in Jofeph Blake of the province of South Carolina in America, efquire \ and the party Jharey intereft and eftate of the faid Anthony late lord AAiley, of and in the fame premijjesy is now come unto and vefted in Archibald Hutchefon of the Middle Temple, London, efquire (in truji for John Cotton of the Middle Temple, London, efquire) and the party Jharey intereft and eftate of the faid late Sir John Colleton, of and in the faid premijjesy is now come unto and ve/led it\

Sir John Colleton of .Exmouth in the county of Devon, baronet; and the party Jharey intereft and ejlate of the faid late Sir William Berkley, of and in the fame premijfes, is now come unto and vefted' in the honourable Henry Bertie of Dorton in the county of Bucks, efquirey or in Mary Danfon of the parift) of Saint Andrews Hol-f)orn in the county of Middlefex, widow> or in Elifabeth Moore of

London*



gz	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	II. c.34.	£1729.

London, widow ^ fome or one of them; and the /aid Henry now duke of Beaufort, and the faid James Bertie and Dodington Greville, as truftees in manner aforefaid, fome or one of them, is or are feifed in fee of and in one full undivided eighth part (the whole into eight equal parts to he divided) of the premijfes in and by the faid recited letters patents granted and comprized; and the fame James Bertie, in his own right, is now feifed in fee, or of fome other efl ate of inheritance, of and in one other full undivided eighth part \ and each of them the faid William lord Craven, Jofeph Blake, Archibald Hutchefon, as trufees for the faid John Cotton, Sir John Colleton, and the faid Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, and Elifabeth Moore, fome or one of them, is or are refpetlively feifed in fee, or of fome other efate of inheritance, of and in one other full undivided eighth part of and in the faid provinces, territories, ifiands, hereditaments and premijfes ; the remaining eighth part or Jhareof and in the faid provinces, territories and premijfes, which formerly. belonged to the faid Sir George. Carteret, being now vefed in the right honourable John lord Carteret, baron ^Hawnes, his Majefiy s lieutenant general and general governor of the kingdom of Ireland : and whereas by a judgment or order of the houfe of lords, made the twenty feventh day of March laff pajl, upon the appeal of the faid Mary Danfon, widow of John Danfon, efquire, deceafed, from a decree of the high court of chancery made the feventh day of November one thousand feven hundred iand twenty one, and from a fubfequent order of the fifteenth day of January one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, it was ordered and adjudged, That the faid decree and fubfequent order, complained of in the faid appeal, Jhould be reverfed; and it being offered on the part of the appellant to pay the refpondent, the faid Henry Bertie, the money that he paid for the pur chafe of the proprietorjhip in que-fiidn in the faid caufe, together with interefi for the fame, it was thereby further ordered, That the court of chancery Jhould dire51 and. caufe an inquiry to be made, ivhat was the principal fum of fitch pur* chafe money, and from the time of payment thereof to compute interejl for the J'ame > and on the appellant's payment-of what Jhould be found due for fuch principal money and i?itereji to the faid Henry Bertie, it was further ordered and adjudged, That he Jhould convey the faid proprietorjhip to her and her heirs, and alfo that the refpondent, Elifabeth Moore, Jhould likewife by proper conveyances, at the charges of the appellant, convey all her right to the faid proprietorjhip to the appellant and her heirs : and whereas fince the making the faid feveral Grants made recited letters patents the lords proprietors of the provinces and territory the propri- ries aforefaid, for the time being, have made diverfe grants and con-£tors:	veyances	under	their	common	feal	of	feveral	offices, and alfo of diverfe

parcels of land fituate within the faid provinces and territories, to feveral perfons, under certain quit rents or other rents thereby reffectively referved, and fubjekt to feveral conditionsy limitations or agree* ments for avoiding pr determining the efiates of the grantees therein mentioned, fome of which may have become forfeited; and have alfo made diverfe grants of feveral baronies and large tradls of land lying within the faid provinces or territories, unto and for the ufe and be* nefit of feveral of the faid lords proprietors, or th ofe under whom they 'claimr



T 729.] Afino fecitndo GeoRGII II. C.34.	93

claim, to be held and enjoyed by them and their heirs in feveralty ; eight of which baronies fo granted as aforefaid do now remain vejled in the f 'aid Henry now duke of Beaufort, or in the faid James Bertie rfWDodington Greville, as trujlees for the purpofes aforefaid\ or in fome or one of them, eight other of the faid baronies in the faid William lord Craven, fix other baronies in the prefent Sir John CoJJe-ton, fix other baronies in the faid Archibald Hutchefon (as trujlee for the faid John Cotton) and fix other baronies in the faid Jofeph Blake, each of the faid baronies containing, or being mentioned or intended to contain, twelve thousand acres of land, or thereabouts, except one of the faid baronies, now vejled in the faid William lord Craven, which contains, or is mentioned to contain, eleven thousand acres of land, or thereabouts: and whereas the faid Henry now duke 0/" Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie,

Sir John Colleton, and Archibald Hutchefon (who is a trufee propofai af for the faid John Cotton as aforefaid) being fix of the prefent lords furrendsr to proprietors of the provinces and territories aforefaid, have by their the King. humble petition to his Majefly in council offered and propofed to fur-render to his Majefly their faid r effective /hares and inter efts, not only of and in the faid government, royalties and franchifes in and by the faid recited letters patents granted, but al/o all the right and property they have in and to the foil in the aforefaid provinces or territories under the /aid feveral recited letters patents, or either of them ; and alfo did further propofe to make an intire furrender to his Majefly of their right to all the lands, zvhich they hold under the faid grants made by the faid lords proprietors as aforefaid (except only one barony Exception, belonging to the prefent Sir John Colleton, which hath been fettled and improved by his fon) and alfo all their right and interejl in all lands granted and conveyed to other perfons as aforefaid, which, by not being improved within the time limited in the faid grants or conveyances, or for any other red fon, would revert to them, praying, That in confederation of fetch furrender his Mfifly would be pleased to dire hi and caufe to be paid to each of them the faid Henry duke of Be au- Conditions of fort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John furrender. Colleton, and Archibald Hutchefon, the fum of tivo thousand five hundred pounds apiece, without any deduction: and whereas Samuel Wragg 0/London, merchant, being duly authorized by letter of attorney under the hand and feal of the faid Jofeph Blake, bearing . date the eleventh day of July one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight, hath propofed, for and on the behalf of the faid Jofeph Blake, to furrender and convey unto his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, all • the efiate, right and inter eft of the faid Jofeph Blake in and to the premiffes, upon payment of the like fum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the faid Jofeph Blake, without any deduction: and whereas they the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven,

James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John Colleton, and Archibald *

Hutchefon, who is a trujlee for the faid John Cotton as aforefaid, have laid before a committee of the lords of his Majefly s mojl honourable privy council an ejlimate of all the arrears of quit rents and other r'ents, and fum and fums of money now due and owing to them and the faid Jofeph Blake, and to the faid John lord Carteret, which *

ejlimate,



Anno lectindo GeorgiI It. c.34.:	f r7a 9^

efiimate, as computed, amounts to the fum of nine thousand five hundred pounds ; and they the /aid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Sir John Colleton, and Archibald Hutchefon, have likewije humbly propofedThat, if his Majefly would pleafe to allow the fum of five thousand pounds for the faid air ears (over and above the Jaid feveral fums of two thousand five hundred pounds, to be paid them refpeftively) they were willing to affign and make over to his Majefly their right and title to the faid arrears and all other demands whatfoevef, 'Which they have or can have upon the farmers, tenants or inhabitants of the provinces or territories afore faid, or any of thefn: and whereas the faid Samuel Wragg, for and on the behalf of the faid Jofeph Blake, hath propofed to affign to his Majefiy all the right and inter eft of the faid Jofeph Blake in and to the faid arrears and demands upon the terms a--forefaid : and whereas his Majefiy taking into his royal confideration the great importance of the faid provinces and territories to the trade and navigation of this kingdom, and being defir oUs to promote the fame± as zvell as the welfare and fecurity of the faid provinces and territories, by taking them under the more immediate government of his Majefiy, his heirs and fticcefiors, hath been gracioujly pleased to accept of the faid feveral propofols, and to agree to the Janie, with fitch variations as are herein after mentioned: and whereas from the nature of the refpeclive efiates and interefis propofed and agreed to to be fur-rendred to his Majesty as aforefaid, great difficulties may drife in the manner of conveying the fame ; and it is juft and necefiary, that the parts and fares of the j'aid provinces and territories fo propofed and a-greed to be furrendred, jhould be fecured to his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, which cannot effectually be attained without the authority of parliament: be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty^ by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembledj and by the authority of the fame, That all thofe feven undivided eighth parts (the whole into eight equal parts or (hares to bd divided) and all other the part or (hare, parts or (hares, interefl and eftates of them the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Do ding ton Greville, Henry Bertie, Marj Danfon, and Elifabeth Moore, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hutchefon, as truftee for the faid John Cotton, and Jofeph Blake, and each of them, of and in the aforefaid provinces or territories called Carolina, and all and lingular the royalties, franchifes* lands, tenements, hereditaments and premiffes in and by the faid feveral recited letters patents, or either of them, granted or In^ntioned or intended to be granted by his faid late Majesty King Charles the Second, to the faid Edivard earl of Clarendoni George duke of Alb er marie, William earl of Craven, John Lord Berkley, Anthony lord AJhley, Sir George Carteret, Sir John Colleton, de-ceafed, and Sir William Berkley, their heirs and adigns as afore -faid, with their and every of their rights, members and appur- , tenances, and alfo all fuch powers, liberties, authorities, jurif-didlions, pre-eminences, licences and privileges, as they the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie,



95

1729O Anno secundo Georgii II. c.34,'

Dodington Greville^ Henry Bertie^ Mary Danfort5 and Elifabeth Moor, the prefeat Sir John Colleton, the faid Archibald Hutchefon^

•as truftee for the faid John Cotton, and Jofeph Blake, every or any of them can or may have* hold, ufe, exercife or enjoy, by virtue of or under the faid recited letters patent, or either of them, and alfo all and fingular baronies, tracts and parcels of land, tenements and hereditaments, which they the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodi?igton Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, and Elifabeth Moor, the prefent Sir	Colleton,	the faid Archibald Hutchefon, as truftee

for the faid Cotton^ and Jofeph Blake, any or either of them, are or is feiled or poflefled of or intitled unto within the faid pro- Exceptions vinces or territories, except all fuch tra&s of land, tenements and hereditaments, as have been at any time before the firft day day oi January oat thousand feven hundred and twenty feven granted or conveyed by, or comprifed in, any grants, deeds, inftruments or conveyances under the common feal of the faid lords proprietors, either in Englajid or in the provinces aforefaid ; and alfo except all fuch plantations and lands as are now in the pofleflion of the faid Jofeph Blake, his undertenants or afligns, by-virtue of grants formerly made by the faid lords proprietors of the faid provinces for the time being to other perfons, and fined conveyed to or vefted in the faid Jofeph Blake; and alfo except all that barony and tra<ft of land containing twelve thousand acres, or thereabouts, the pofTeflion whereof hath fome time fince been delivered by the prefent Sir John Colleton unto Peter Colleton, efq; his fecond fon, and all that other barony or tradf of land containing twelve thousand acres, or thereabouts, fome time fince conveyed by Sir John Tyrrell, baronet (formerly owner of the faid eighth part or fhare now belonging to the faid Archibald Hutchefon, as truftee for the faid John Cotton) to William Wighti efquire, and his heirs; provided that the before-mentioned exceptions, pr any of them, fhall not include or extend to any lands comprized in any grant or grants made either in England or Carolina, under the common feal of the lords proprietors for the time being, which fince the making of fuch grant or grants have become forfeited by virtue of any claufes contained therein, or to any of the baronies herein before recited or mentioned to be ftill remaining and vefted in the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, and the laid James Bertie and Dodington Greville , as truftees, fome or one of them, and in the faid William lord Craven, the prefent Sir John Colleton, and the faid Archibald Hutchefon, as truftee for the faid John Cotton refpe&ively, nor to any rents, fervices, feigniories or rights of efeheat, re-ferved upon or incident to any fuch grant or grants, or any lands or eftates thereby granted, all fuch forfeited lands, and all fuch rents, feigniories or rights of efeheat, referved upon, or incident to, any fuch grant or grants, or any lands and eftates thereby granted, and alfo the baronies laft before mentioned, being hereby intended to be vefted in the perfons, and for the purpofes herein after mentionedy and the reverfion and rever-

lions.



5^	Anno	fecundo Georgii II. c. 34..	[1729/

fibns, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, ifiu'es and profits, of the fame parts or (hares, baronies, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles, fo as aforefaid propofed and agreed to be furrendred to his Majesty, and of every part and parcel thereof; and alfo all the eftate, title, iritereft, truft, property, right of aCtion, right of entry, claim arid demand whatsoever, of them the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, TVlUiarn lord Craven, fames Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and Elifabetb Moor, the prefent Sir John Colleton, the faid Archibald Hutckefon, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, and each of them, of, in, unto or out of the fame, every or any part or parcel thereof, by virtue of the faid feveral recited letters patents or either of them, or of any grant* affignment, conveyance or afturance, made under or by force of the fame recited letters patents, or either of them, or otherwife howfoever, (hall, frorrf and after the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thou-fand (even hundred and twenty nine, be vefted and fettled, and Proprietors in the fame are ^erebY veiled and fettled in and upon Edward Ber-truit for his of Grays bin in the county of Middlefex, Samuel Horfey of the Majefty. parifti of Saint Martin's in the Fields in the county of Middlefex, Henry Smith of Caverfoam in the county of Oxon, and Alexius Clayton of the Middle Tetnple, London, efquires, to the only ufe of them the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and ’ Alexius Clayton, their heirs and aftigns, freed and difcharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified of arid front all eftates, ufes, trufts, intails, reverfions, remainders, limitations, charges and incumbrances, titles, claims and demands whatsoever ; but neverthelefs upon truft, and to the intent that they the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alex- ' ius Clayton, and the furvivors or furvivor of them, and the heirs 1 The fum to be of fuch furvivor, upon payment by his Majesty, his heirs or * advanced by fucceflors, to the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith his Majefty. ancj jlexius Clayton, or to the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, of the fum of feventeen thousand five hundred pounds, free and clear of all deductions on or before the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, fhall and do, by deed indented, and to be inrolled in his Ma-jcfty’s high court of chancery, furrender, convey and aflure unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, all and Angular the faid ' feven eighth parts or (hares (the whole into eight equal parts to be divided) and all other the parts or (hares, interefts and eftates, of and in the aforefaid provinces or territories, and all and Angular the premifles hereby vefted in them the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, and their heirs as aforefaid; which faid fum of feventeen thousand five hundred pounds they the faid Edivard Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, (hall immediately after the receipt thereof pay, apply and difpofe of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to fay, the fum of two

thoufand



1/29*] Anno secundo GeoRGIX II. C.34;	97

thoufand five hundred pounds, part thereof, to the faid James The money Bertie and Dodington Greville truftees as aforefaid, or to the fur- il0)v ,t0	^

Vivotof them, or to the executors or ad minifir ators of fuch fur- p V vivor; two thousand five hundred pounds, other part thereof, to the faid William lord Craven, his executors or adrniniftrators; two thousand five hundred pounds, other part thereof, tothe faid James Bertie, in his own right, his executors or adrniniftrators ; two thousand five hundred pounds, other part thereof, unto fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch fhares and proportions, as the fame, according to the tenor, purport and true meaning of the faid order of judgment of the houfe of lords, ought to be paid and applied ; two thousand five hundred pounds, other part thereof, to the faid Sir John Colleton, his executors or ad mini -ftrators j two thousand five hundred pounds, other part thereof, to the faid John Cotton, his executors or administrators; and two thousand five hundred pounds, refidue thereof, to the faid Sa?nuelJVragg, for the ufe of the faid Jofeph Blake, or to the faid Jofeph Blake, liis executors or adrniniftrators.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That The property from arid after payment of the faid fum of feventeen thousand veiled in fiis five hundred pounds to the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey,

Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvivor of Pa>7rneri * them, or the executors dr adrniniftrators of fuch furvivor, and after the execution of the faid furfender and conveyance to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, hereby directed to be made as aforefaid, his Majesty, his heirs arid fucceflbrs, fhall have, hold and enjoy all and Angular the faid feven eighth parts or fhares (the whole into eight equal parts to be divided) and all other the parts or fhares, interefts and eftates, of and in the aforefaid provinces or territories, and all and Angular the premifles hereby veiled in them the faid Edward Bertie^ Samuel Hoi fey, Henry §mitb and. Alexius Clayton, arid their Heirs as aforefaid, freed and difcharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified of, from and againft all eftates, ufes, trufts, intails, rever-fions, remainders, limitations, charges, incumbrances, titles, claims, and demands whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid^

That feven eighth parrs (the whole into eight equal parts to be , divided) of all and every the faid arrears of quit rents, and Arrears of* other rents, fum and fums of money, debts, duties, accounts, parent of*** reckonings, claims and demands yvhatfoever, now due and ow- 5000I. to be ingto them the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, or to the faid James aligned tothe Bertie and Dodingdon Greville-, truftees as aforefaid, and to the K,nS*

faid John lord Carteret, JVilliam lord Craven, James Bertie in his own right, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and Elifabeth Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake> or any'of them (whether the fame be more or Jefs than is computed as aforefaid) and all and every other parts or fhares of the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, James Bertie and Dodington Greville, truftees as aforefaid, JVilliam lord Craven, James Bertie in his own right, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon and Elifabeth MeoX, Sir Vo£7XVI	11	John

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 34.	[1729.

John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on,	Cotton and Jofepb Blake,

or any of them, of or in the laid arrears, or which they or any of them, their or any of their heirs, executors, adminiftrators or affigns, now have, or can or may have, claim, challenge or demand of or from the farmers, tenants or inhabitants of the provinces or territories aforefaid, or any part thereof, or any of them, (liall, from and after the faid firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, be veiled in the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, upon truth, and to the intent that they the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, (hall, on payment by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the fum of five thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all deductions, on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September in the faid year, to the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, by deed indented, and to be inrolled in his  Majesty’s high court of chancery, grant and affign to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceftors, all and every the faid feven eighth parts or fhares (the whole into eight equal parts to be divided) and all other parts and fhares of the faid arrears hereby veiled in them the faid Ed-ward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and. Alexius Clayton.

IV.	And whereas the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Doding-ton Greville, Sir John Colleton, John Cotton tf/zJJofeph Blake* are defir ous that the faid fum offive thousand pounds Jhould be applied in manner herein after mentioned: be it further enadled by the

The 5000L authority aforefaid. That the faid fum of five thousand pounds, how to be ap- after receipt thereof, Ihall be iftued and paid by the faid Edivard plied,	Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvi-

vors and furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, to fuch of the officers, agents or fervants of the faid lords proprietors, or to fuch other perfbn or perfons, and for fuch purposes, as the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Sir John Colleton, John Cotton and Jofepb Blake, their executors or admi-niftratorsj or any four or more of them (the executors or adminiftrators of each of them to be accounted only as one) Ihall, by writing or writings under their hands, from time to time, diredt or appoint.

V,	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That nient*thenar from and after payment of the faid fum of five thousand pounds rears veiled in unt0 *he faid Edivard Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Jiis Majesty, Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, and after the execution, of the grant and affignment of the faid parts and fhares of the faid arrears, hereby diredled to be made as aforefaid, his Ma-

jefty.

99

i729/f Anno secundo Georgji II. c. 34.

jefty, l)i$ heirs and fucceffors, fhall and may have, receive and enjoy, the laid feven eights parts or fhares (the whole into eight equal parts to be divided) and all and ‘every other parts and fhares of the faid arrears of quit rents and other rents, fum' and funis of money, debts, duties, accounts, reckonings, claims and demands, hereby vefted in the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, and (hall and may have, bfe and purfue fuch and the like remedies for recovery thereof, as fully and effectually as the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, JVil-liam lord Craven, James Bertie, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Do-dington Greville, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, any or either of them might have had, ufed or purfued if this a6t had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The receipts That the receipt or receipts of the faid Ed-ward Bertie, Samuel °f the propri-Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, the furvivors or furvi- fufficient^dif^ vor of them, or of the executors or adminiftrators of fuch fur- charge t0 1^3 vivor, under their or his hand or hands refpedtively, fhall be a Majefty. fuflicient difeharge to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, of

and for the faid feveral fums of feventeen thousand five hundred pounds, and five thousand pounds, or fo much thereof, or of either of them, as fuch receipt or receipts fhall be given for; and that his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon and after fuch receipt or receipts given as aforefaid, fhall be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the fame monies, and fhall hot be anfwerable or accountable for any lofs, nonapplication or tnifapplication of the faid money, or any part thereof.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted and of the by the authority aforefaid. That the receipt or receipts of the faid duk,e ot Beau-fames Bertie or Dodington Greville, or the furvivor of them, his *°rt s truftees* executors or adminiftrators, under his or their hand or hands refpedfively, fhall be a fuflicient difeharge to the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their executors or adminiftrators, for the faid fum of two thousand five

hundred pounds, payable to them for the faid eighth part or fhare of the faid provinces, territories, royalties, lands and hereditaments, which was vefted in them by the faid Henry late duke of Beaufort; and the faid fum of two thousand five hundred pounds fhall be and remain fubjedt to the trufts repofed in them by the will of the fame late duke or otherwife, concerning the fame eighth part or fhare \ but the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, fhall not be anfwerable or accountable for any lofs or mifapplication thereof, or of any part thereof.

VIIL Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and enaefted, One truftee That the faid Edward Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and A- not account-lexius Clayton, fhall not, nor (hall any of them, or the executors ^er’srece^ts or adminiftrators of any of them, be anfwerable or accountable eril ^ for any money to be received by virtue of or under the trufts hereby repofed in them, any otherwife than each perfon, his executors or adminiftrators, for fuch fum or fums of money, as

II	2	he

former proprietors, on payment of the fums a-greed on, acquitted from all arrears.

Time limited for the fur-render.

Anno secundo Georgii IT. c. 34J	tl7'29*

he or they (hall refpeCtively actually receive, and hone of then? fhall be anfwerable or accountable for the aCts, receipts, neglects or defaults, of the other of them ; and alfo that they the" faid Edivard Bertie, Samuel Horfey, Rc?iry Smith and Alexius Clay-ton, their executors or adminiftrators, fhall and may, out of the money hereby directed to be paid to them as aforefaid, retain and reimburfe themfelves for all cofts, charges, damages and expences, that they refpeCtively fhall fuftain or be put unto, in and about the execution of the trufts hereby rn them rcpofed.

IX.	And zvhcrcas there is due and ovaing to the King s mo ft excellent majejly, for arrears of rent referved by the faid feveral recited letters patent, or one of them, feveral fums of money, computed to a-mount to three hundred pounds and upwards \ now it is hereby further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, fames Bertie? Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Elifabeth Moor? the prefent Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on? John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, and every of them, their and every of their heirs, executors and adminiftrators refpeCtively, from and immediately after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand fe-ven hundred and twenty mn,e (in cafe the faid fums of feven-teen thousand five hundred pounds, and five thousand pounds, fhall then be paid and fatisfied, and the fale hereby intended fhall be then completed) fhall be, and are hereby fully and ab-folutely acquitted and difcharged of and from all arrears of rent whatsoever due or owing upon or by virtue of the faid recited letters patent or either of them.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That if his Majesty, his heirs or fuccelfors, do not or fhall not, on or before the faid twenty-minth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid, both the faid fe-veral fums of feventeen thousand five hundred pounds, and five thousand pounds, in manner aforefaid, and according to the true meaning of this act, that then they the faid Edward Bertie? Samuel Horfey, Henry Smith and Alexius Clayton, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the heirs, executors or adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, fhall not make fuch furrender, aftignment of conveyance of the faid feven eighth parts or fhares of the faid provinces or territories, and of the faid arrears or either of them, to his Majesty, his heirs or faceeffors, as hereby is deeded, but fhall, from and after the' fai-d twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, ftand, and be feized and poffefTed of all and fingular the premiftes hereby in them vefted, to the only proper ufe and behoof of them the faid Henry duke of Beaufort, William lord Craven, James Bertie, Dodington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Elifabeth Moor, the pre- • fent Sir John Colleton, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, and every of them, and of their and every of their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and aftigns, in fuch fhares and proportions, and accord*-ing to fuch refpeCtive-rights and interefts as they fcverally had or

could



?729«] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 34;	101

could have been intitled to, in and unto the fame premises, in cafe this adt had never been made, and to and for no other ufe, truft, intent orpurpofe whatfoever.

XI.	Saving and referving to all and every perfon and perfons, $av;ncr claufc# bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fucceftors, executors., administrators and affigns, (other than and except the fM Henry duke of Beaufort, TVilliam lord Craven, fames Bertie, Do ding?

ton Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfon, Elijaheth Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, their refpedlive heirs, executors and adminiftrators, and the heirs of their refpedtive bodies, and all and every perfon and perfons claiming or to claim any eftate or intereft in the premif-fes or any part thereof in remainder or reverlion, expedlant upon, or after the determination of any eftate-tail veiled in them £he faid Henry duke of Beaufort, TVilliam lord Craven, James Bertie, Dgdington Greville, Henry Bertie, Mary Danfort, Elijah eth Moor, Sir John Colleton, Archibald Hut chef on, John Cotton and Jofeph Blake, or any of them, and all and every perfon and perfons claiming or to claim any eftate or intereft in the premiftes’or a-ny pm thereof,by or under the title of the faid Henry late duke pf Beaufort, deceafed) fuch fatisfaclion and recorn pence as ishere-in after mentioned, for all fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, property, claim and demand whatsoever in, to or out of the premiftes or any part thereof, as they or any of them now have or might have had or been intitled unto, in cafe this abl had never been made.

XII,	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- Perfons hav-thority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (other than, and \nS *%^t fu-except the perfons herein before excepted) who now have or yen ^earsmay fhall have any eftate, right, title, intereft, claim or demand, recover a-either in law or equity, of, in, to or out of the premiftes here- gainfthisMa? by veiled as aforefaid, or any part thereof, (hall, within the

fpace of feven years after the fame (hall be conveyed unto, and veiled in his Majelly, his heirs and fucceftors as aforefaid, com mence and profecute any ablion or fuit, either in law or equity, by petition of right, Englifo bill or otherwife, againft his Majelly, his heirs or fuccelTors, or the proper officer or officers on his or their behalf, wherein fuch perfons might or ought to have recovered the premiftes hereby veiled as aforefaid, or any part thereof, or any eftate, intereft or demaqd, in or out of the fame, the court wherein fuch fuit or ablion lhall be commenced or depending, fhall and may adjudge or decree, that fuch perfon or. perfons fhall recover againft his Majelly, his heirs or fucceftors, fuch fum or fums of money, as his or their eftate, intereft or demand, in or out of the premiftes hereby veiled as aforefaid^ fhall by the fame court be 'valued at and determined to amount unto, in full fatisfablion for fuch eftate, intereft and demand; in making which valuation the faid court fhall eftimate one fulj eighth part of the premiftes hereby veiled as aforefaid, to be of ftie value of two thousand five hundred pounds and no more,

H 3	an4



Exception as to lord Carteret.

and others bolding offices.

3 Geo.i. c.s

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 35.	[1729.

and fhall rate and afeertain the value of fuch eftate, intereft or demand, in proportion thereunto.

XIII.	Saving and referring always to the faid John lord Car± teret, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and affigns, all fuch' eftate, right, title, intereft, property, claim and demand what-foever, in, unto or out of one eighth part of or fhare of the faid provinces or territories, with all and fingular the rights, members and appurtenances thereof, and of, in and to one eighth part or (hare of all arrears of quit rents, and other rents, futn and fums of money, debts, duties, accounts, reckonings, claims and demands, whatsoever, now due and owing to the prefent lords proprietors of the faid provinces and territories, and all fuch other rights, titles, privileges and powers whatfoetTer, as the faid John lord Carteret, his heirs, executors or adminiftra-tors now have, or might have had, or been intitled unto, in cafe this a£c, and the conveyance herein before dire&ed to be made to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceiTors, or either of them, had not been, or fhould not be made.

XIV.	Saving alfo to all and every perfon and perfons, having or lawfully claiming any office or offices, place or places, iinpayment or imployments, by or under any grant or grants thereof made before the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, under the common feal of the faid lords proprietors, either in England or in the provinces a-forefaid, all fuch eftate, right, title and intereft in or to fuch office and offices, place and places, imployment and imployments, as they or any of them now have or might have had or been in-titled unto, in cafe this act had never been made.

CAP. XXXV.

An dot for the better prefervation of his Majefty9s woods m America,' and for the encouragement, of the importation of naval ft ores from thence; and to encourage the importation of maftsj yards and bowfprights, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

2* \\T HE RE A S by an a 51 paffed in the eighth year of his late V V Majesty s reign, intituled, An act giving further encouragement for the importation of naval ftores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is enabled^ That no perfton or perfons whatfo-ever, within any of his Majefty*s colonies of Nova Scotia, New Hampfhire, the Maffachufets Bay, the province of Main, Rhode? Ifland, and Providence Plantation, theNarraganfet Country, or King’s Province, and Connecticut, in New England, and New York, and New Jerfey in America, or within any of them, do or fall prefume to cut, fell or deftroy any white pine trees, not groiving within any townftnp, or the bounds, lines or limits thereof \ in any oft the faid colonies or plantations, without his Majefty* s royal licence for [0 doing firft had and obtained: and whereas fince the pafing of the faid a5E great trafts of land, where trees fit for maftirg grow, have been, in order to evade the provifons of the faid aftere fed into 2	town-

Hosted by CjOCK^Ic

1729.] Anno secundo GspRGii II. c. 35.	103

townjhips: now for the better prefervation of white pine trees in his  Majesty’s faid colonies, for mailing his royal navy, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, no perfon or perfons within the faid colonies of After 29 Sept. Nova Scotia, New HampJJnre, the province of Main, the Maffa- f07n2^ ™eper~ ebufets Bay, Rhode If and, and Providence Plantation, the Narra- plantations to ganfet Country, or King’s Province, and Connecticut, in New Eng- cut any white land) and New York) and New ferfey in America, or within any pine trees, of them, or in any other province or country in America, that now belongs or hereafter Avail belong to the crown of Great Britain) do or (hall prefume to cut, fell or deftroy any white pine trees, except only fuch as are the property of private perfons, except thofe notwithftanding the faid trees do grow within the limits of any of private townfhip laid out, or to be laid out hereafter, in any of the faid Pl0Pefty* colonies or plantations, without his  Majesty’s royal licence for fo doing firft had and obtained.

II.	And whereas their late majeflies King William and Queen Mary) for the better providing and furnijhing majls for the royal navy) in and by their charter, dated at Weftminfter the feventh day of October in the third year of their reign) granted to the province of the MafTachufets Bay in New England in America, did referve to themfelveS) their heirs andfuccefforS) all trees of the diameter of twenty four inches and upivardS) at tivelve inches from the ground) grouping upon any foil or tract of land ivithin the faid province or territory) not thentofore granted to any private perfon: in order therefore to make the faid refervation more effectual, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons what-foever within the faid province of the Maffachufets Bay) or New England) do Qr Avail prefume to cut or deftroy any white pine trees of the diameter of twenty four inches or upwards, at twelve No white pine inches from the ground, not growing within fome foil or tradl ^fees °f the, of land, within the faid province, granted to fome private per- ^-^hes °at fon or perfons before the feventh day of October which was in the I2 inches from year one thousand fix hundred and ninety, without his  Majesty’s the ground, to licence fir A had and obtained ; and every perfon fo cutting, fell- J?e cut without ing or deftroying fuch whitepine trees, not being the property of lcence? private perfons, in any of the colonies above-mentioned, and like-wife every perfon cutting or deftroying any white pine trees of the diameter of twenty four inches or upwards, at twelve inches from the ground, growing in any tradl of land in the province of Neiu,England or Maffachufets Bay) not granted to fome private perfon or perfons before the feventh day ot October one thousand fix hundred and ninety, or who Avail be aiding or affifting therein, or in drawing away the faid pine trees, after the fame Avail have been fo cut and felled, Avail be fubjeA to fuch and the like forfeitures and penalties refpedlively, as are provided in the a -forefaid a6t of the eighth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, for and againft fuch perfons as fell, cut or deftroy any pine trees, not

fi 4.	being



on penalty of the foifciture iu the 8 Geo. i. c. 12.

3 &: 4. Ann. c. IO.

i2 Ann. Hat.

7 . C. 9.

Premium for importing naval I tores, viz.

For mails, &c.

Tar,

Pitch,

Turpentine,

To be paid by the commif-fioners of the navy,

2.4 Geo. 2. c. 52.*

Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 35/	[f729*

being or growing in any townfhip within any of the faid plantations ; the faid forfeitures to be recovered and applied in the fame manner, as in the faid a6l is particularly ffet fqrjth and enabled.

III. And whereas by-feveral afis of parliament paffed in the third' and fourth and in the twelfth years of her late Majeffs reign, great encouragement was given, and large premiums allowed, for the importation of naval flores from the Britifh plantations in America ; and it hath been found by experience, that the faid plantations are capable cffurnifnngfufficient quantities of navalft ores, but many frauds and abnfes have been committed therein, and greater premiums paidy than were necejfary for the fame; and whereas the faid afts, excepting only fuch parts of them as relate to the premiums on hemp imported\ are expired: now for the future encouragement of the planters to fend fuch quantities of good merchantable naval {lores to 'Great Britain, as may be necefiary for the fervice of the royal navy, and for the navigation of this kingdom, and in order to reduce the expence of fuch premiums for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the ’ twenty ninth day of September next," all and every perfon or per-“ fons that {ball import or caufe to be imported into jhis kingdom, diredlly from any of his  Majesty’s Britif) colonies or plantations in America, in any fhip or Ihips that may lawfully trade to his  Majesty’s plantations, manned as by law is required, any of the naval ftores hereafter mentioned, fhall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for fuch importation, after and according tq the feveral rates of fuch naval {lores, as fpllows, viz.

For all malls, yards and bowfprights, per tun, allowing forty foot to each tun, girt meafure, according to the cullomary way of meafuring round bodies, one pound.

For clean, good, merchantable, well conditioned tar, clear of drofs or water, and fit in every refpedl for making cordage, per tun, containing eight barrels, and each barrel to gauge thir-» ty one gallons and one half, to be wejll hooped, and filled up, two pounds four {hillings.

For clean, good, merchantable apd well conditioned pitch, not mixt with dirt or drofs, per tun, containing twenty grofs hundreds, net pitch, to be brought ip eight barrels of equal fize, one pound.

For clean, good and merchantable turpentine, dear of drofs and water, per tun, each tun containing twenty grofs hundreds* net turpentine, to be brought in eight barrels of equal fize, one pound ten (hillings.

Which faid feveral premiums for each fpecies afore-mentioned, (hall be paid and anfwered by the commiffioners or principal officers of his Majefly’s navy, wfio are hereby impowered and required to make out a bill or bills, to be paid in courfe, for. the fame, upon certificate of the refpedive chief officer or officers of the cufloms, in any port of this kingdom, where fuch naval llores (hall be imported as aforefaid ; fuch bill or bills to be made out and given to th$ perfon or perfons importing the

lame

Hosted by

Google

1729.] Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 35.	105

fame as aforefaid, within twenty days after the difcharge or unlading of the (hip or veffel, fhips or veffels, in which fuch ttores fhall be imported, upon a certificate or certificates to be produc- on certificate ed to the chief officer or officers of the cuttoms, which certifi-cate or certificates (hall be under the hand and feal of the go- piace> yernor, or lieutenant governor, or collector of his Adajetty’s cu-floms, and naval officer, or any two of them, refiding and being within any of his  Majesty’s faid colonies or plantations, that before the departure of fuch fhip or veffel, fhips or veffels, the perfon or perfqns, merchant, trader or faftor, loading the fame, had made oath before them, that the faid naval ttores fo (hipped on board were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of his  Majesty’s faid colonies and plantations (which oath the faid governor, lieutenant governor, colleftor of his  Majesty’s euftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorized to adminifier) as likewife upon oath to be made with- and on oath in any port of Great Britain, by the matter or matters of fuch fhip or veffel, fhips or veffels, importing fuch naval ttores, that	#l

the fame were fhipped on board fuch fhip or veffel, fhips or veffels, within fome of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in A- . merica, and that he or they know or believe, that the faid naval /lores were the produce of the faid colonies or plantations.

IV.	And whereas it is neceffary for the better making ml and good. tar> fit for cordage, in all the Britifh plantations, that the lafi half pan of every kiln of tar, when drawn, Jhall be made into pitch free

of dr ofS) be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the whole The wj10]e kiln of fuch tar or the value thereof, unlefs the faid half part kiln of tar, fhall be fo made into pitch as aforefaid, fhall, from and after unlefs the laft £he twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, be forfeited for the benefit of any perfon or p^ch, fbifeit-r perfons, who (hall fue for the fame, to be levied and recovered ed. ’ in the fame manner as other penalties and forfeitures are di-pefted by this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithttanding.

V.	And to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to his  Majesty’s royal navy, and for the better fupply of the fame

with naval ttores, be it further enafted, That upon the import- eommifT ing of any naval ttores from his Majetty’s faid colonies and plantations, for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, tlfe pre-empt the pre-emption or refufal of fuch naval ttores fhall be offered tion. and tendred to the qommiffioners of his  Majesty’s navy, upon landing the fame; and if, within the term of twenty days after fuch tender, the faid commiffioners (hall notcontraft or bargain for the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the importer O'r importers, owner or owners, of the faid naval ttores, other-wife to difpofe of the fame, for his or their beft profit and advantage.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

if any pitch, tar, turpentine, matts, yards or bowfprights, (hall, p^Ver to proper the twenty ninth day of September which fhall be in the duce a receipt

year of our lord one thoufapd feven hundred and twenty nine, that he hath J	’*4	•	'	repaid	the

premiums,



io 6

Treafurer of the navy to charge him-feif with the money received.

Naval (lores exported before premium is repaid, are forfeited, and doable their value.

Onus proban-di to lie on the owner.

5 Geo. i.c.ii.

Anno secundo Georgii II. c.35.	[1729?

be exported, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame fhall, before the entry thereof, produce to the collector of the cufloms, at the port of exportation, or to the chief officer of the cufloms there, a receipt from the treafurer of the navy, or his cafhire, which he is hereby directed to give without fee or reward, fignifying that fuch exporter or his agent has paid to him the full amount of the premiums that are allowed by this aft, for the like quantity of fuch naval {lores refpectively, either in Jawful money of Great Bri-tain, or by bill or bills made out for premiums, by virtue of this act; which receipt fhall likewife be fubfcribed by the comptroller of fuch treafurer’s accounts, or his chief clerk, without fee or reward, fo that proper notice may be taken thereof in his office; and on failure thereof fuch naval {lores fhall not be exported; any law, cuflom or ufage to the contrary not with -ilanding.

VII.	Provided always, That the treafurer of his Majefly’s navy fhall, on the receiving of fuch premium or the value thereof from the exporter of fuch naval {lores as aforefaid, charge himfelf with the money fo received, or with the faid premium, bill or bills; and the commiffion.ers, and principal officers of his majefly’s navy, are to take particular care that the fame be duly brought to the account of his Majefly by fuch treafurer accord* ingly.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, their agents or affigns, fhall be found fraudulently to export fuch naval {lores, without paying fuch premium to the treafurer of his Majefly’s navy or his cafhire, in manner aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit and lofe all fuch naval {lores, and double the value thereof, one moiety whereof fhall be to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the informer, or profe-cutor, to be profecuted in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlmlnJiery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpec-tively, wherein no effoign, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

IX.	Provided always, That if any doubt or difpute {hall arife, whether any of the naval {lores, or any part thereof, fo to be exported, are of the growth, product or manufacture of hi$ Majefly’s plantations in America, or of foreign growth, product or manufacture, the Onus probandi {hall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas by an aft pajjed in the fifth year of his late majefly king George the Firfi's reign, intituled, An act againft clan-deftine running of uncuftomed goods, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the cufloms, feveral pro-vifions are made, relating to the )manner of examining and viewing pitch and tar, and making certificates for the fame, in order to obtain the premium granted for fuch pitch and tar, and for injlifting penalties and forfeitures on any officer of the cufioms, who- Jball demand or

'	'	tak



J729*l Anno secundo Georgii II, 0,35,	107

take any fee, gratuity or rewani for the examining, viewing or delivering Juch pitch > tar or other naval fores, ivith refpehi to the premium or reward allowed by law, or for the making or figning a certificate in order to the receiving fuch premium or reward; be it e-na&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral claufes, to be continu-matters and things contained in the faid a<5t of the fifth year ed during this of his faid late Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to the examin- a<^* ing and viewing fuch pitch and tar of the produce of his Ma-jefty’s plantations, and for inflicting penalties and forfeitures upon any officer of the cuftoms, demanding or taking any fee, gratuity or reward for examining, viewing or delivering fuch pitch, tar or other naval ftores, with refpect to the premium, and for the making or figning a certificate in order to the receiving fuch premium or reward, {hall be continued and put in practice during the continuance of this act, as if the feveral matters, things and penalties were again repeated and re-enact-ied in the body of this prefent act 5 any law, cuftom or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL And whereas by an aCt pajfed in the eighth year of his late SGeo.i.c.ii. Majefiys reign, intituled, An act giving further encouragement for the importation of naval tores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, a particular method is prefcribed for the making of tar from green trees prepared for that purpofie; and, before the importers were intitled to any premium, oath was to be made, that the trees were prepared after the following mannerthat is to fay, when fuch trees were fit to bark, the bark thereof was firipped eight foot, or thereaboutS) up from the root of each tree, a flip of the bark of about four inches in breadth having been left on one fide of each tree ; that each tree, after having been fo barked, hadflood during one year at leafl, and was not before cut down for tbe making tar; which method, if the fame was followed, there is great reafon to apprehend would make the tar of the plantations much cooler, and more fit for the ufes of navigation; b'ut the inhabitants of the plantations, not being experienced in that method of making tar, cannot as yet furnijb any quantities of tar made according to thofe directions: as a further encouragement therefore for the making of tar according to the directions of the faid act, be it further enacted, That all and Premium for every perlon and perfons that fhall import or caufe to be im- cka^tar^ ported into this kingdom any clean, good, merchantable, well conditioned tar, clear of drofs or water, and fit in every refpect for making cordage, made from trees prepared as aforefaid, according to the directions of the faid act of the eighth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, fhall receive, as a premium for the fame, four pounds per tun, containing eight barrels, and each barrel to gauge thirty one gallons and one half, to be well hooped and filled up, on the importation thereof: Provided always. That the-importer of fuch tar, before he be intitled to any reward or premium for the fame, fhall produce to the proper officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms (who are to grant certificates upon the importation of tar) fuch certificate upon oath, that all the faid tar was made without mixture of any other tar therewith, according



iq8	Anno secundo Georgii II;	£^729?

ing to the directions of the faid act, as in the faid act for that purpose is particularly mentioned and required.

XII. And whereas there are in feveral parts of North Britain commonly called Scotland, great fore of pine andfir trees fit for maftsy yards and howfprights, but the lands and woods, which may yield fuch naval jlores, are mofily in parts mountainous and remote from , navigable rivers; therefore, for the encouragement of the proprietors of fuch lands and woods, in the making roads, pajfagcs and rivers in thofc northern parts ufeful and commodious to the publick, as well as for conveying fuch trees fit for mafis, yards and boivfprights to fea * ports in North Britain, to be brought by fea to that part of Great Britain called England : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate, that fhall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand mans \;c feven hundred and twenty nine, during the time limited for the irom^cotland granhng of premiums to the importers of naval {lores from * America by Virtue of this act, bring from North Britain afore-faid, into any port of South Britain aforefaid, any trees of twelve (inches diameter and upwards, fit for mails, yards or bow-fprights, regularly converted and hewed at leafi: into eight fquares, found, frefh and in good and merchantable condition, fhall have and receive as a reward or premium for bringing fuch naval {lores from North Britain to South Britain, for fuch trees fit for yards, mails or bowfpights^r tun (allowing forty foot to each tun, girt-meafure, according to the cuffomary way of meafuring round bodies) the fum of one pound, which faid reward and premium fhall likewife be paid and anfwered, in good and lawful money of Great Britain, by the commiffioners or principal officers of his Majeffy’s navy, who are hereby required and impowered to make out a bill or bills to be paid in courfe pn certificate for the fame, upon certificate of the refpective chief officer or from the chief officers of the cufloms in any port of South Britain, where fuch place^fim-C h*ees fit for mails, yards or bowfprights fhall be imported as portation, aforefaid; fuch bill or bills to be made out and given to the perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate, importing the fame as aforefaid, within 'twenty days after the difeharge and unlading of the fhip or veflel, fhips or veflels in which fuch trees fhall be imported, upon a certificate or certificates to be produced to the chief officer or officers of the cufloms where fuch trees fhall be imported, which certificate or certificates fhall be under the 2nd the comp- hands and feals of the comptroller and collector of his  Majesty’s p-oller, &-C*. °f cufloms, and fuch naval officer as his Majefly fhall think fit to vvhere the)$ appoint, or any two of them, refiding at any fuch port or ports tl-ees are firit m North Britain as his Majefly under the great feal of Great /hipped, Britain fhall think fit to appoint, where fuch trees fhall be im-barked or fhipped, in order for importing the fame into any port of South Britain, that before the departure of fuch fhip or veiTel, 111ips or veffels, the perfons, traders or factors concerned or em-ployed in cutting down fuch trees, or any two of them, had made affidavit in writing before fuch comptroller and collector of his Majefly’s cpuflcms in North Britain, and fuch naval officer

3$

Premium for importing trees fit tor



*729*] Anno secundo Georgii II. 0.35	109

as hi§ Majesty fhall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, that fuch trees, fo brought to fuch port of North Britain, were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of North Britain aforefaid; in which affidavit the particular number, quantity and qualities of fuch trees, together with the time when fuch trees were cut down, the names of the proprietors thereof, and the place or places where the fame did grow, fhall be fully and plainly fpecified and contained; which affidavits the faid comptroller and collector of his Majetty’s cuftoms in North Britainy and fuch naval officer as his Majetty fhall think fit to appoint,? or any two of them, are hereby impowered to take, and to ad-minifter fuch oath as aforefaid, and the fame affidavits to keep In their cuttody, and in which certificate a true copy of fuch affidavit fhall be inferted; as likewife upon oath to be made within any port of South Britain, by the matter or matters of fuch and on oath fhip or veflel, fhipsor vettels importing fuch trees, that the fame °Cthe matter were truly laden on board fuch fhip or veffel,fhips or veffels within 0 tie lp# North Britain aforefaid, and that he or they know or believe, that the faid trees were of the growth of North Britain aforefaid: provided always, That the pre-emption or refufal of fuch North Britijh trees be offered and tendred to the commiffioners of his Commiflio-Majetty’s navy upon landing the fame; and if, within the term ners °ftIie of twenty days after fuch tender, the faid commiffioners fhall not contra# or bargain for the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for t;on^ ^ the importer or importers, owner or owners of the faid North Britijh trees, otherwife to difpofe thereof.

XIII.	And for the better preventing any fraudulent importation of foreign trees for matts, yards or bowfprights (not being of the growth or produce of North Britain) to South Britainy in order to obtain the reward or premium hereby granted for North Britifl) trees: be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons fhall, during the continuance of penalty for this a#, falfly make affidavit of and fwear to the growth of any making falfe trees imported as fit for matts, yards or bowfprights, not being affidavit, of the produce of North Britain, or fhall counterfeit any fuch. orcounteraffidavit or certificate, as herein is before defcribed, in order to feiting an af-get the premium hereby granted for North Britijh trees, all and fidavit or cer-> every fuch perfon and perfons fhall fuffer the like pains and pe- t^cate* nalties* as are incurred by perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons committing fuch offence fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the king’s moft excellent Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to any perfon or per-fons that will fue for the fame in any court of record of Great Britain, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more Penalty on than one imparlance fhall be allowed; and if any comptroller, comptroller, collector or naval officer fhall make any falfe certificate contrary to the true meaning of this aCt, fuch comptroller, collector or catc> naval officer, and every of them fo offending, fhall incur the fame pains and penalties, as any officer of any port for the like offence is for making z falfe certificate for goods and merchandizes



i>o

13 8c 14Car. 2. c. 11.

Clandeftinely importing trees of foreign growth, and demanding a premium, forfeits 100I.

The exportation of marts, <kc. from Scotland, to be under the fame regulation as malts, &c. from the plantations. Importation of naval ftores from America, how to be regulated.

Continued as to the premium, by 25 Geo. 2. c. 35.

Anno secundo GEORGii It. c.36.	[1729.

dlzes liable to, by an a<5t made in the thirteenth and fourteen' years of the reign of Icing Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for preventing frauds, and regulating ahufes in his MajcfJy s cufioms.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid9> That if the matter or owner of any fhip or veflel fhall clandeftinely import or receive in fuch fhip or veftel, to be imported into South Britain, any trees fit for mafts, yards or bowfprights, not being of the growth of North Britain, as trees of the growth of North Britain, knowing the fame to be foreign trees, and fhall demand or receive for fuch foreign trees the reward or premium hereby granted for North Britifi) trees* fuch mafter or owner fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in like manner as aforefaid, and the (hip of veftel in which fuch foreign trees fhall be fo fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture, fhall be forfeited to the king’s Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors.

XV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore -faid, That the exportation of all mafts, yards and bowfprights of the growth of Scotland, from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, fhall be under the fame reftri6tions, regulations, payments and penalties as are diredled in this a6t to be obferved, paid and performed on the exportation of mafts, yards and bowfprights imported from the plantations.

XVI.	Provided always, That the'importation of the naval ftores following, viz. pitch, tar, turpentine, mafts, yards and bowfprights of the growth or produce of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, fhall be fubjed to the fame* regulations, reftri&ions and limitations, in reference to the fhipping and navigating thereof, and fuch fecurity fhall be given for importing the fame into Great Britain, and fubjeft to fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the importation of fugar, tobacco, cotton, wool, indigo, ginger, fuftick and other dying wood, for his  Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, are fubjedl unto.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the aforementioned premiums upon mafts, yards and bowfprights, tar, pitch and turpentine, fhall be paid upon the im-portation of the faid naval ftores, for and during the term of thirteen years, to commence from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and from thence to the! end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXVh

An aft for the better regulation and government of fieamen in the merchants fervice.

WHEREAS the iv elf are and riches of this kingdom greatly depend on the trade and navigation thereof the fame being of great ufe and benefit, and tending very ??iuch to enrich the fubjeffs thereof] upon which great numbers of the artificers and manufacturers livelihoods wholly depend 3 andivhereas for fiver al years lajl pafi, the

navigation.



Ill

1729.] Anno secundo GeoRGH II. C.36.

navigation carried on by the merchants to parts beyond the feas, hath been and doth fill remain under very great difficulties and expenceSy by the uncertainty they labour under by feamen and mariners, who JJnp themfelves on board merchant Jhips, and after they have fo done, neg-left their duty, and will not remain on board their flnps or veffiels to difcharge their duty ; and very often, when Jhips and veffiels come to be cleared out, in order to proceed on their refpefiive voyagesy the feamen refuje to proceed with them, ivitbout coming to new agreements for increafing their ivagesy and many of them will leave their Jhips and veffiels and not proceed on their voyages, which puts the owners of fuch Jhips and veffiels to great trouble and charges to get other failors or mariners in their flead^ and often is a means to overfet the voyages of fuch Jhips and veffiels, to the great prejudice of the owners and freighters of the goods on board the faid Jhips and veffiels; and yet fuch feamen and mariners, after they have committed Jiich offences and dlfor-derSy will bring attions againjl the owners or maflers of the faid Jhips and veffiels for the recovery of their vaages, from the time of their Jhipping themfelves unto the time they quit the faid Jhips and veffiels : and whereas many of the faid feamen and mariners will negleft their duty when on board at fea, and defert their Jhips and veffiels in foreign parts, which puts the faid owners of Jhips and veffiels to very great difficulties and expences, to get others in their feady to bring their Jhips and veffiels home ; and afterwards fuch feamen and mariners in-fijl on recovering their wages, notwithjlanding their voluntary defer ti on ; all which is a great difcouragement to trade and navigation : therefore, in order to prevent fuch practices for the future, may it pleafe your Majesty th it it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June No mailers o£ one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, it (hall not be Ihips to pro-lawful for any mafter or commander of any ftiip orVeflel bound	with

to parts beyond the Teas, to carry any feaman or mariner* ex- out agreeing* cept his apprentice or apprentices, to fea, from any port or place with themari-where he or they were entred or ftiipt, to proceed on any voyage tiers for wages* to parts beyond the feas, without firft coming to an agreement or contract with fuch feamen or mariners for their wages, which agreement or agreements (hall be made in writing, declaring what wages each feaman or mariner is to have refpedtively during the whole voyage, or for fo long time as he or they (hall (hip themfelves for; and alfo to exprefs in the faid agreement or contract the voyage for which fuch feaman or mariner was ibipt, to perform the fame; and in cafe any mafter or commander of^ r„nt-'ccs any (hip or veffel (hall carry out any feaman or mariner, except excepted^ his apprentice or apprentices, upon any voyage to parts beyond the feas, without firft entring into fuch agreement or contract as aforefaid, and he and they figning the fame, fuch mafter or commander (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for 0I} forfeiture

every fuch feaman or mariner which he (hall carry to fea, with- -*!•tor eacfe ^ y	r	,	.	.	.	r r	^	mariner*

out entring into fuch agreement in writing as atoreiaid, to the

uie



Mariners to iign the agree inent.

l iz	1	Anno	fecundo	Georgii	II.	c.	36.	[i72go

life of Greemvuh hofpital, to be recovered upon information on the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more of his  Majesty’s juftice or juftices of the peace, who are hereby authorized and required to i'ffue out his or their warrant or warrants to bring before hiiri or them fu'ch mafter or commander of any fuch Ihip of vefleT; and in'cafe he or they refufe to pay illch penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, to grant his or their warrant or warrants, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods ; and, in cafe no‘ diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the city, county, town1 or place, there to remain ufitil he or they ihall pay the fafne.

II.	And be it further enadfed, That if any feaman or .mariner enter or (hip Kimfelf on board any merchant Ihip or veffel on any intended Voyage for parts beyond the feas, he and they fo entring themfelves as aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby obliged to fign fuch agreement or contrail within three days after he or they Ihall have entfed themfelves oh board any (hip or veffel, in order to proceed on any voyage as aforefaid’; which agreement or agreements, or contracts, after the figfiing thereof, fhall be conclufive and binding to all parties, fof and during the time or times fo agreed or contracted for, to all intents ancf purposes, any cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	Arid be it enaffcd and declared by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any feaman or mariner fhall defert or refufe to proceed 6n the voyage on board any fhip'or veffel, bound to parts beyond the feas as aforefaid, or that fhall defert from the Ihip or veffel to which he or they fhall belong, in parts beyond the feas, after he or they fhall have figned ftich coritraCt or agreement, he or they ihall forfeit to the owners of filch (hip or Veffel the wages which fhall be due to him or th£m at the time of his or their defeating from fuch fhip or veffel, or obftfnately refuting to proceed on fuch voyage.

Juftices of the IV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any fuch feaman or mariner fhall defert or abfent himfelf from any fuch fhip or veffel, after he or they have entred into and figned fuch contra 61: or agreement to proceed upon any voyage to parts beyond the feas as aforefaid, upon application made to any of hfs^  Majesty’s juftices of the peace, within' their fefp&ftive jurifdidions, by the mafter or Commander, owner or owners, of other per-fon or perfons having charge of the faid fhip of veffel to which fuch feaman or mariner did belong, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, and they are hereby required to iffue forth his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend fuch feaman or mariner ; and in cafe he or they fhall refufe to proceed on the voyage for which he or they entred into contra6t or agreement to perform as' aforefaid, and fhall not give a fufficient reafon for fuch refufal, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juffic&s, then tof commit fuch feaman or mariner to the h’oiife of corretftio'n, there to be kept to hard labour, hot feieeeding thirty days nor 3efs

than

Penalty on ftiariners defeating.

peace may commit defer ters to the ho ufe of correction.



1729 ] Anno secundo GeoRGii II. C.%6.	i	13

than fourteen days, any thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe Penalty on any feaman or mariner fhall abfent himfelf from the (hip or marinersab-veffel to which he fhall belong^ without leave from the matter [he^fhm^ith-or commander, or other chief officer, having the charge of fuch out ieaVe. fhip or veffel, every fuch feaman or mariner fhall, for every fuch

day’s absence* forfeit two days pay to the ufe of Greenwich hof-pital, to be recovered, applied and difpofed of as is herein after directed by this a<£h

VI. And whereas feamen and mariners, after their Jhips arrival penalty for at their unlivering port in Great Britain, ofttimes leave the /hips leaving the and ve/fels before they are unladen, or before the faid feamen and mariners are difcharged by the wafers or commanders of fuch Jhips dl

and vejfels; in order to prevent luch practices for the future; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any feaman or mariner, not entring into the fervice of his Majetty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall leave fuch fhip or veffel, to which he or they belong, before he or they fhall have a difcharge in writing from the matter or commander, or other perfon having the charge of fuch fhip or veffel, he or they fo leaving fuch fhip or veffel fhall forfeit one month’s pay, to be recovered, applied and difpofed of as is herein after diredfed.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Matters to pay That upon the arrival of any fhip or veffel into Great Britain mariners wa-from parts beyond the feas, the matters or commanders of fuch in 3°

(hips or veffels fhall be, and they are hereby obliged to pay the

feamen and mariners belonging to fuch fhips or veffels their wages, if demanded, in thirty days after the faid fhips or veffels being entred at the cuftom-houfe, except in cafe where a covenant fhall be entred into to the contrary, or at the time the faid feamen and mariners fhall be difcharged, which fhall firtt happen, if demanded, dedu&ing out of fuch wages the penalties and forfeitures by this adt impoled, under the penalty of paying to each feaman or mariner that fhall be unpaid, contrary to the intent and meaning of this adt, twenty fhillings over and above the wages that fhall be due to each perfon, to be recovered by the fame means and methods as the wages may be re^ covered; and fuch payment of wages aforefaid fhall be good and valid in law, notwithttanding any adtion, bill of fale, attachment or incumbrance whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That no feamen or mari-ln cafe of fuit ner by entring into or figning fuch contradl or agreement as for wages, aforefaid, fhall be deprived of or hindred from uiing any means matter obliged or methods for the recovery of wages againft any fhip, the agreement.1 & matter or owners thereof, which he may now lawfully make ufe And feamen of, and that in all cafes where it fhall or may be neceffary that not deprived the contract: or agreement in writing aforefaid fhould be pro- other reduced in court, no obligation fhall lie on any feaman or mari- me ieSa

ner to produce the fame, but on the matter, owner or owners of the fhip for which the wages fhall be demanded ; and no lea-man or mariner fhall fail in any fuit, adtion or procefs for re-

Vol» XVJ.	I	covery



Anno secundo Georgii II. c. 36.	[1729.'

covery of wages for want of fuch agreement or contract being produced; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwith-ttandiftg.

Matters to de- IX. And be it further enabled, That the matters or com-du6t out of manders, or owners of any (hips or veffels (hall and they here-aU menakiefeS ^ ^ave ^ power to dedud, out of the wages of any feaman duePto Green- or mai*iner? all the penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by wich hofpital. this ad, and to enter them in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to make oath, if .required, to the truth thereof ; which book or books (hall be figned by the faid matter or commander of each (hip or veffel refpedively, and two or more principal officers belonging to fuch (hips or veffels, fetting forth that the penalties and forfeitures contained in fuch book or books, are the whole penalties and forfeitures ftopt from any feamen or mariners during the whole voyage; which penalties and forfeitures (except the forfeiture of wages to the owners on the defertion of any feaman or mariner, or on refuting to proceed on the voyage) fhall go to and be applied to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and not otherwife, to be paid and accounted for by the matters and commanders of (hips and veffels coming from parts beyond the feas, to the fame officer or officers, at any port or place, who collects the fix pence per month, deduced out of feamens wages, for the ufe of the faid hofpital; which officer (hall have and hereby hath full power to admini-fter an oath to every commander or matter refpedively touching the truth of fuch penalties and forfeitures, to be paid, applied and difpofed of as aforefaid.

Forfeitures to X. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any matters or be paid to the commanders, or owners of any fhips or veffels (hall deduct out hofpital with- Gf ^e wages of any feamen or mariners, any of the penalties and forfeitures, which by this ad are directed to be deducted and applied to and for the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and (hall not pay the money fo deduded to fome officer or officers who colled: the fix pence per month, deduded out of feamens wages, for the ufe of the faid hofpital, in the port or place where fuch dedudion fhall be made, within three months after fuch deduction, every perfon fo negleding to pay the money deducted as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay treble the value thereof to the ufe of the faid hofpital; which, together with the money de-duded as aforefaid, (hall and may be recovered by the fame means and methods as any penalties and forfeitures for not duly paying the faid fix pence per month can' or may be recovered.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad; and all judges and juttices are hereby obliged to take notice of it as fuch, without fpecial pleading the fame.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That this ad fhall continue and be in force for the fpace of five years, to be reckoned from the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand

£?Geo.2.c.z6. feven hundred and twenty nine, and from thence to the end of

the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

XIII. Pro-

ili 3 months*

Publick ad.

Continuation

of the ad.

Cc n ''railed by



XIII.	Provided, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to debar any Teaman or mariner belonging to any merchant Thip or veflel, from entring or being entred into the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, bn board any of his or their (hips or veflels; nor (hall fuch Teaman or mariner, for fuch entry, forfeit the wages due to him, during the term of his fervice in fuch merchant Thip or veffel 5 nor fhall fuch entry be deemed a defertion.

0

Anno Regni GEORGII II. *

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfler the twenty-third day of January* Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven* in the firft year of the reign' of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King* defender rtf the faiths &c. and from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the thirteenth day of January one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, being the third feffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty. EXP. 2s. in the pound.

Surplus arifing hereby, bow to be applied, 3 Geo. i. c. 16. fed. ii.

CAP. IL

An ad for punching mutiny, and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aid for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the parilh church of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in the county of Middlefex. Appointment of 3,560b to purcbafe lands, &c. for the minifter of St,Mary Stratford Bow. A fum not exceeding 4.6 b per ann. to be raifed on the pews. Churchwardens may make vaults, &c. ChurchvVardens to pay 401. per amn to. the redor. Veftrymen to eled a ledmrer, and all officers* The great tithes continued to Brazen Nofe college. The two portionifts to receive each 10h per ann. during their incumbencies. The new church not to be held in Commendam.

CAP. IV.

An Ud for making more effediial an ad pafTed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing and widening the road from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton and Chappie in the Frith in the county of Derby, to Manchefter in the county of Lancafter.

The tolls are continued for 2 xyears, from the firjl of May 1730. Continued by 22 Geo. a. C.12.

CAP. Vi

An ad tp enable his Majesty, to prohibit any perfon or perforts, his Ma-jefty’s fubjeds, or refiding within this kingdom, to advance or lend any Turn or Turns of money to any foreign prince, ftate or potentate, without licence obtained from his Majesty under his privy feal, or Tome greater authority, EXP.

I *	His

1 r5

Ad not to debar lea men from entrin his Majclty 1 fervice*



Q q

n5	Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 6,7*	£17^0'.

His Majesty may prohibit,by proclamation, the advancing money to foreign princes without licence. Not to reftrain negotiating in foreign funds, &c. Profecution to commence in 12 calendar months. Continuation for twa years.

CAP. VI.

An aft for making more tffe&ual an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads therein mentioned between Crackley Bank in the panfh of Idfall alias Shiffhall, and the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

The aSl of jz Geo. t. c. 9. which was to he in force for 21 years, from the firjl °f June 1726, is continuecPfor the further term of 1 s^years.

CAP. VII.

An a5l for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year onethoufand feven hundred and thirty; for exempting from the faid duties cyder and perry ufed for diftilling \ for afcertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation*, for 'making good the deficiency of a late malt afil; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

Two claufes in	A N D whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fixth

the a 6 Geo.	year of his late Majesty King George the Firjl, intituled,

i.c.ai.fe&.j,2. An a& for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick, revenues of excife, cuftoms, ftamp duties, poft office and houfe money,

it is enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of Juns one thousand feven hundred and twenty, no malfter or maker of malt for exportation, Jhall caufe or permit any barley or other corn or grain by him, her or them making into malt, to be fteeped, wetted or watered upon the couch or floor, or in any other place but in their refpeflive cifterns duly entred for that purpofe, on pain of forfeiting for every bujhel of malt, which Jhall be found to have been fteeped, wetted or *watered contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, the fum of two fallings and fix pence: and ivhereas in the before recited aft it is further enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty, no fuch malfter "or maker of malt for exportation Jhall cauje or permit any corn or grain by them making into malt, to be zuorked or made in fuch manner that the fame Jhall accrejpire (that is to fay) run out, grow or fprout at that end of the corn or grain from which the blade proceeds; and in cafe it ftoall appear upon examination that more than one part in fifteen of fuch corn or grain is accrefpired, the entire wetting of malt, whereof fuch corn or grain was part, ft)all be deemed, taken and charged as accrefpired malt, and the malfter and maker thereof Jhall be charged ivith the full duty of fix pence a bujhel for every bujhel of malt of that wetting, and flail alfo forfeit and-lofe for every bujhel



173°-] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 7.	117

of the Jtaid malt, the further fum of five Jbillings: and whereas at the time of making the faid a hi all malt ivas liable to and charged with the duties impofed thereon, but fuch malt, as Jhould afterwards be exported to foreign parts, was to have the benefit of drawing back the duties paid on the making thereof; but fince that time for fome years laft pafl, and by this aft, all malt tnade and entred for exportation only, is not charged with any duty on the making thereof and on that account hath not any drawback on the exportation thereof: and whereas the before recited claufes ivere chiefly intended to prevent any frauds that might be committed in drawing back, on fuch exportation, more money than was at firfi paid or charged for the duties on the making juch malt-, but as no fuch drawbacks do now fubftfi, and as by frequent experience it hath been found, the method preferibed by the faid claufes for preventing accrefpiring, hath in many cafes been impracticable, and hath occafioned great vexations and difputes between the makers of malt and the officers for infpefting and managing the faid duties, and is a great obftrudiion to the free and extenfive exportation of malted corn, whereby foreigners are encouraged to malt corn themfelves, to the great prejudice of this nation ■: for the preventing thefe mifehiefs and inconveniencies, and for the better encouraging the exportation of malted corn, and at the fame time preventing any abufes in the bounties or allowances ftill allowed by law on malt exported be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the The two twenty fourth day of Juneoriz thousand feven hundred and thirty, claufes repeal* the faid two before recited claufes in the faid a<5l of the fixth year ed* of his faid late Majeffy’s reign fhall be and are hereby repealed, made nulLand void, to all intents and purposes, and from thenceforth fhall not be put in execution; any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Allowancesfor That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou- exportation of fand feven hundred and thirty, there (hall be allowed to malfters malt.

and makers of malt for exportation, for every twenty quarters of barley or other corn or grain that (hall be entred and made into malt for exportation, an allowance of thirty quarters, after the fame fhall be dried and made into malt, and no more, upon the exportation thereof, though by their fteeping, wetting and watering the fame,the faid twenty quarters fhall be run out to any greater quantity, exceeding the faid thirty quarters, according to an act of parliament made in the firfi: year of the reign of their late ma- 3 w & M jellies King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An a£l for en- feff.-i. c. 12. couraging the exportation of corn, and in fuch cafes where by the aforefaid a61 of parliament they are intitled to the fame, and lb in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one

thoufand feven hundred and thirty, if any perfon or perfons exported^aiui who (hall export any malt into foreign parts, fhall produce a fecurity, al-certificate or certificates from the officer or officers with whom lowance to be the entry of the corn or grain intended to be made into malt P^* fhall have been made, of the particular fum or fums of money

I 3	that



II

that fiich perfon or perfons is intitled to receive, according to the aforefaid allowance of thirty quarters of malt for every twenty quarters of com or grain, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity that (hall have been entred to be made into malt for exportation, which certificates the faid officers are here-, by upon demand required to give gratis; and upon fuch perfon, or perfons giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of malt which (hall be intended to be exported as aforefaid, or any part thereof, (hall not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain, which fecurity the cuftomer or colledtor of the port* where the fame is intended to be exported, is hereby diredled and authorized to take in his  Majesty’s name, and to his  Majesty’s ufe; then the collector or chief officer of the port where fuch malt (hall be exported, (hall give to the exporter thereof a certificate or debenture dire&ed to the proper perfon or perfons, by * whom the faid allowance by the aforefaid a£t of parliament is di-redled to be paid; which certificate or debenture being produced to fuch perfon or perfons, he is hereby required to pay fuch allowance to the perfons or their agents fo exporting the fame. Provided always, That if after the (hipping of any fuch malt to be exported, and the giving fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain the aforefaid allowance, the malt fo (hipped to be exported Penalty on	or any part thereof, (ball be relanded in any part of Great Britain,

ie an mg.	that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of

the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his  Majesty’s ufe, all the malt which fhall be relanded, and treble the value thereof fhall be forfeited; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons that (hall feize, inform or fue for the fame.

XVI.	And whereas malfters and makers of malt far exportation, do frequently mix the product of two or more feepings of corn or grain that have been entred to be made into malt for exportation, on or as foon as it comes off from the kiln, by reafon whereof the officers for the duties upon malt cannot afcer tain the realproduce thereofyby ivhich means great quantities of each fteeping of fuch malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made ufe of for home confumption, though the fame has not been charged with the duty as all malt made for home confumption ought to be: be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, Malt fteeping That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of fune one thou-t?on	t	**an<^ ^even hundred and thirty, all and every malfter or malfters,

feparate till^ maker or makers of malt for exportation, fhall keep the whole mealured. and entire quantity of his, her or their corn or grain making into malt for exportation, of one fteeping or wetting, when the fame, fhall be on the kiln, or after the fame fhall be taken off the kiln, feparate and apart from all and every part of any other former fteeping or wetting of corn or grain, until the fame fhall have been meafured by fuch malfters or makers of malt, in the prefence of fome officer or officers for the duty upon malt, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of fifty pounds.

XVII. And



1750.] Anno tertio Georgii IL c. 7.	119

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, M ]fterg t0 That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou- ajve not;ce> fand feven hundred and thirty, all fuchmalfters or makers ofSfficsrs, See. malt for exportation, fliall give notice in writing to fome officer

or officers of the duties upon malt, or fhall leave notice in writing

at the next office of excife where the journal is kept, of the hour

when he, fhe or they fhall intend to take any malt off the kiln

or kilns, that fuch officer or officers may attend the meafuringof

fuch malt; and after fuch malt has been meafured, the fame (hall Malt to be ex-

be immediately carried on fliipboard, if intended to be then ex- ported, or

ported, or elfe fhall immediately be locked up and fecured in fome l°cked UP>

ft.orehoufe, or other place belonging to fuch malfters or makers

of malt, in the prefence of the faid officer or officers, on pain

of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou- opening the fand feven hundred and thirty, if any fuch malfter or malfters, l0cks> Scc. or maker or makers of malt, or any other perfon or perfons what-

foever, by his order, privity or directions, after any fteeping or making of malt fliall have been locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or other place or places in manner as aforefaid, fliall open any of the locks or doors, or fliall make any way or kind of entrance into fuch ftorehoufe, or other place or places, *or fliall remove any part whatever of -the partition between any fuch ftorehoufe or place, or any other place or places whatever next thereunto adjoining, of fliall remove out of the faid ftorehoufe or other place, any quantity whatever of the faid malt that has been fo locked up and fecured, without the knowledge or confent of, or without having firft given notice to fome officer or officers for the faid duties, he, fhe or they fliall refpeeftively forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX.	And the letter to enable the officers for the duties upon malt

to difeover whether all fuch malt made for exportation, and that has been locked tip and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or other place or places, to be exported, has been really exported: be it enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch malfter or malfters, or	^rs °n H

maker or makers of malt, that on the faid twenty fourth day of	out of °

June one thousand feven hundred and thirty fliall have any quan- their ware-tity of malt locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or in any houfes all malt other place or places, as is before directed, to be exported, fliall mne within nine months next after the faid twenty fourth day of June mont s*

one thousand feven hundred and thirty remove and clear out of his ftorehoufe, or other place or places, all and every part and parcel thereof, that any time after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred-and thirty fliall be locked up and fecured in fuch ftorehoufe or other place, in order to be exported, and fhall always from time to time, in every nine months, remove and clear out of fuch ftorehoufe, or other place or places, in order to be exported, all and every part and parcel of malt, that at any time, within every nine months after the laft clearing, fliall be locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or in any other

I 4	place



And fo all future malfters.

Penalties and

forfeitures how to to jevied.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 8.	[1730.

place or places that (hall be made ufe of by him, her or them, for the keeping of malt for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of fifty pounds.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou-fand feven hundred and thirty, all and every perfon or perfons whatsoever, that fhall become malfters or makers of malt for exportation, and (hall make ufe of any ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, place or places, for the keeping of malt for exportation, fhall within nine months after the beginning to make ufe of any fuch ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or fuch other place or places, remove and clear out of fuch places, to be exported, all and every part and parcel of fuch malt, that at any time or times fhall have been put into fuch place or places, within nine months after he, (he or they (hall have begun to make ufe of fuch place or places, and ftlall always from time to time remove and clear out of fuch ftorehoqfe or other place, to be exported* all and every quantity of malt whatever, that within every nine months after the laft clearing (hall at any time be locked up and fecured in fuch ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or in any other place or places that (hall be made ufe of by him, her or them, for the keeping of malt made for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of fifty pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures for any offence againft this a6t, fhall be fued for, levied and recovered or mitigated, by the fame ways, means and methods, as any penally or forfeiture given by any of the Jaws of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, can or may be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhnin-fter\ and that one moiety of fuch fines, penalties and forfeitures (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall difcover, inform or fue for the fame.

Claufe of loan at 3I. per cent. Money lent may be transferred. Exchequer may fue out new exchequer-bills, to bear intereft at 2d. per cent, per diem, and to be placed as cafb in the exchequer. Monies arifmg by this a6t applied to pay off the loans and exchequer-bills, See. Claufe for relief of clerks, See. whofe matters have omitted to pay the duties, and to have their indentures (tamped. Exp.

CAP. VIII.

pjn	aft for	the better regulating eleftions in the city of Norwich, and	for prefervingthe -peace, good order and govern-

ment of the faid city.

WHEREAS many unhappy controverfies and dijfenfions have cf late years arifen in the city ^/'Norwich, at the eleftions of citizens to ferve in parliament, and alfo of mayors, Jheriffs, alder-men and common counoilmen of and for the faid city> touching the le* 6	gality



1730.] Anno tertio Georgii II. c.9,io,ir.	121

gality and validity of the votes of many perfons, who in fuch elections have offered to vote: and whereas the time appointed by the charters of the faid city is not fufficient to cleft fo great a number of common councilmen for each great ward, as are thereby yearly direfted to be chofen, when fuch eleftions happen to be controverted: and whereas great differences and diffenftons have arifen between the mayor, Jherijfs and aldermen, and the commons of the common council of the faid city, in or concerning the making or paffing of afts, orders or ordinances in commnp^ouncil, or affembly of the reprefentative body of the faid city,

■which have often obfrufted the publick bufmefs and concerns thereof: now to the intent that a flop may be put to all fuch controverftes and diffenftons as aforefaid, touching the legality of voters, that the number of common councilmen may be yearly elefted, and that the publick bufinefs of the faid city may not be obftrufted: be it enafted, &c.

Oaths to be tendred at elections in Norwich. Refuting to fwear, the vote or poll difallowed. One of the checks, See. may go into the prifons to take the votes there. The oaths 1 Geo. 1. ftat. 2. c. 13. to be taken by electors, if required. Three common councilmen for each great ward, to e-Jeft the remaining number of common councilmen. Vacancies to be filled up in 48 hours after notice. None but inhabitants to be chofen fheriffs.

No aft valid without alien t of the major part, &c. Mayors to nominate officers as cuftomary. Penalty on absence from the quarterly aftemblies.

CAP. IX.

An aft for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipfton Toll Gate, at Bridge-Town in the parilh of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderminfter and Shipfton upon Stower to the top of Long Compton Hill in the faid county.

The tolls are to continue from the 24th day of July 1730, for 21 years.

Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. iz.

CAP. X.

An aft for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the pariffi of South Mims in the county of Middlefex, to " Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

The tolls commenced from the firft of June 1730, and are to continue for ax years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XI,

An aft for reviving and amending an aft made in the fixth and feventh years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Thirds intituled, An act to prevent exaftions of the occupiers of locks arid wears upon the river of Thomes weft ward, andforafeertaining the rates of water-carriage upon the faid river.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament was made and pajfed in the 6 & fixth and feventh years of the reign of his late majefly King c. x6. William the Thirds intituled, An act to prevent exaftions of oc- 24Geo.2. c. 8. cupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weft ward,

and



.12 2

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. i r. [1730.

and for afccrtaining the rates of water-carriage upon the faid’river,

•which faid aft, whilfl it continued in force, was found to he ufeful to the trade and navigation of the faid river, and alfo beneficial to all perfons concerned therein, hut the fame hath been for many years expired ; and vjhereas fince the expiration of the faid aft, the occupiers of the locks, wears, banks,	floodgates, winches, tf/zJ	en-

gines , upon or near adjoining to the river of Thames tf/zi Ifis wdrd'i to Cricklade zVz ^ county of Wilts, tf;zi thence to the city of London, exaft fuch exorbitant fums of money for the paffage of barges, boats, tf/zi other veffels,	tf/zi from thence to London

tf/zi other places upon the faid rivers,	/#zi greatly to the difcourage-

ment of the navigation, tf/zi the enhancing the prices of zvater-carriage upon the faid rivers; and whereas of late feveral perfons demand and take large fums of money for towing paths, which paths ufed to be free for men to tozv their barges, boats^ and other veffels, and towing the faid barges and boats requires fuch numbers of men as renders it very chargeable, and it is found much more co?2venient to tow zvith horfes'> but by reafon of the neceffity of making ufe of horfes for fuch purposes, the owners and occupiers of -the faid lands oblige the b'arge-maflers to pay fuch fums of money for the paffage of the faid hojfes, as if. not regulated and afcertained, will leffen the navigation of the faid river5, and render the fame lefs ufeful to the pu-blick; and whereas the erefting of the faid locks, wears, banks> dams, floodgates, and other engines, are and may be of ufe to the navigation of the faid rivers, but the tenants and occupiers of the fame do now take fuch large rates for barges, boats, and other veffels having occafion to make ufe of the fame, or of their ajfiflance, for or in their paffage, that the water-carriage on thofe rivers is very much raifed, and the faid tenants and occupiers of the faid locks, wears, banks> dams, floodgates, and other engines, Aw* zzptfzz fiudden fiummer floods, exafted great fums of monies from the owners and tenants of the meadows above them, before they ivould open the gates and locks to draw off the flood, and divers other abufes are committed by the bargemen in their navigation upon the faid rivers: for remedy whereof, be it enabled, &c.

The commiflioners, &c. may appoint fome of their number to view the locks, &c, and to inquire on oath of the rates taken at locks. Rates for towing paths for 35 years to continue. Commiflioners may rate the price of carriage. Bargemen afting contrary to the rule or afleflrnents forfeit 51. and freight of goods. On extraordinary occaflons, and notice in the Ga--*ette commiflioners to meet. On death of commiflioners others to be chofen. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the juflicesof aflize. Rules to be written on parchment, and kept among the records of the feflions. Barge-mailer anfwprable for his crew. Commiflioners may remove piles : They may on complaint that the water runs over the water-mark, order the locks to be open till the water is funk. They may order the rivers to be cleanfed, Difputes about wears, &c. to be determined at the next town. Commiflioners to have rool. per annum freehold, Continuation for nine years, Exp, See 24. Geo/2. c. 8.

CAP,



1730.] Anno tertlo Georgii II. c. 12, 13.*	123

CAP. XII.

An adi for importing of fait from Europe into the colony of New York in America.

TTT HEREAS the river, bay and coajl of the colony New VV York in America, and the feas adjoining, are very com-tnodionfy jituated for carrying on of the fijhing trade, and they abound with great quantities offbadd, /burgeon, bajs, far dine, and fevera I other kinds of fijh, which may be catched and cured, and made fit for foreign markets, ivhereby the trade of Great Britain, and the inhabitants of the faid colony would reap confderable benefit, which would enable the faid inhabitants to pur chafe more of the Britifh manufactures for their ufe, than at prefent they are able, by reafon of the little trade arid produce the faid colony affords, were it permitted for his Majefff s fubjedis to import fait from Europe into the faid colony for the curing of their fijh zuithal, in the like manner as is pradlifed in New England and Newfoundland, by virtue of an adi of parliament made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second for that purpofe: and whereas formerly the northern parts of America were comprehended under the general name tf/'New England, but fince have been divided, into feveral provinces and colonies, and bear other diftindi names j which occafions a doubt whether fait can be imported into them without the further aid of parliament, by which a very conf derable and beneficial fijhery might be carried on there, to the great benefit of your Majefly's fubjedts in general: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft After 1 June day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, it fhall and 1730. Salt may be lawful to and for any of his  Majesty’s fubje&s, to carry may be_im-and import fait from any part of Europe into the colony of New York in America, in Britifh (hips and veffels, manned and navi- New York gated according tp the ad of parliament made in the twelfth in America, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An add for the encouraging and increafing of Jhipping and navigation, and in 12 ar‘ 2‘ c‘ ** the fame manner as fait may be imported from Europe into New England and Newfoundland, by an ad made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the faid King Charles the Second, intituled. An f Car z € adi for the encouragement of trade ; any law, ftatute, ufage or cu-ftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP* XIII.

An adi for making navigable the river Stroud water in the county of Gloucefter, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge near the town of Stroud in the fame county.

Wr HE R E A S the river called Stroudwater is capable of being made navigable from the river Severn at or near Framiload

in



124

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14.	[	1730.

in fhe county of Gloucefter, to Wallbridge near the town tf/'Stroud in the fame county, which if effected^ v/dl he of great advantage not only to the cloathing trade of the faid county, but likewife to the pub-lick, by opening a trade and commerce between the city of Briftol and the feveral market towns and other places near the faid river Stroud-water, ivhereby the poor will be much better imployed, the highways greatly» preferved, and the woollen manufacture of the faid county much improved and increafed: to the end therefore that the faid river called Stroudwater may be made navigable and paffable for boats, barges, lighters and other veffels 3 be it enadfed, &c.

Perfons authorized to make the river Stroud navigable. Commiflioners appointed to determine differences. Any feven of the commiflioners may fettle differences between undertakers and others. If any refufe to treat, they may order a jury to aflefs damages. Their verdift binding. The decrees to be kept ampng the records of the county of Gloucefter. On payment or tender of the afTeffments undertakers may a&. Perfons fum-moned not appearing, &c. forfeit 4.0 s. On death of commiffioners new ones to be chofen. Rates to be paid to undertakers, viz. for every ton of coals, corn, malt, grain or meal, 3 s. 6 d. For every ton of other goods, carried upon the river between the Severn at Framiload, and Wallbridge near Stroud, 5 s. and in proportion for any lefs weight or diflance. Undertakers may fet up winches, &c. Bargemafter anfwerable for his crew. This river not under the furvey of commiflioners of fewers. Undertakers to fecure lands from being overflowed, and make good damages. The river free for all paffengers, on paying the rates. Exception as to manure. Undertakers to begin by 24 June 1732. and finifh before 24 June 1740. not to aflign their intereft till navigation perfected- All damages not provided for to be fettled by a jury. From 24 Auguft to 15 Odtober yearly, no barges to pafs without confent of the owners of mills. Undertakers to open the locks to barges. No order of commiflioners binding unlefs made at a general meeting. Commiflioners not to make cuts through any houfe, mills or garden inclofed on 25 March 1730. Nof through the garden of John Small, efquire.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for reducing the annuity or fund of the united Eaft India company, and for afeertaining their right of trade to the Eaft-Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpofe, upon the terms therein mentioned.

A recital of A X T HERE AS in and by an citt made in the ninth year of the the arisand ▼ V reign of our lateJ'overeign lord King William the third, of glo-charters relat- rious memory, intituled, An ad for raifing a fum not exceeding two ingtothe	millions upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of

Eaft-India	eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the

C0™PanT Eaft-Indies, it is amongjl other things enabled, That all the monies arif 9	.	3.	c.	44.	^ t^e jeverai duties upon jait an(i roc]i faity and upon Jlamped vel-

lum, parchment and paper, in the faid alt mentioned, fljould be paid into the receipt of the exchequer every year, reckoning the firft year to begin from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand fix hundred and ninety-eight, and that one hundrd and fixty thousand pounds per annum of the monies to arife by the faid feveral duties, and to be brought into the exchequer by weekly or other payments, floould be the yearly fund for and towards the anfwering and paying off certain annuities of eight pounds per centum per annum, to fuchperfons or corporations, as fhou\d

fubferibe





i73°-] Anno tertio Georgii II. 0.14?	ng

fubfcribe and pay in their monies upon the terms of the faid aft; and it is thereby further enafted, That it fhould be lawful for his Majesty, by commiffion under the great feal of England, to authorize and appoint any number of perfons to take and receive all fuch voluntary fuhfcriptions for or towards the faid fum of two millions, to he fo paid as in the faid aft is mentioned; in and by which aft it was further enafted, That Jucb fubfcribers as aforefaid floould refpeftively receive and enjoy for ever, out of the fund by the faid aft fettled, one annuity for the whole fum by them fubfcribed, according to the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, in the manner thereby prefcribed; and it is thereby further enafted. That it floould and might be lawful to and for his faid late Majejly, by his letters patents, to incorporate all and every fuch the faid fubfcribers, upon whofe fuhfcriptions fuch payments fhould be made as is therein expreffed, and all. perfons, bodies politick and corporate, deriv-ing title from or under them, fo long as they refpeftively fhould have any fuch fhare or intereft in the faid yearly fund, to be one body politick and corporate by the name of The general fociety intitled to the advantages given by an act of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown ofEnglandy with fuch fuccejjion, capacity and powers, as in the faid aSl is mentioned, and in fuch charters or letters patent fuch further rules, powers and claufes for carrying on the trade, and purfuing the ends and intent of the faid aft, were to be inferted, as floould be lawfully and reafonably dejired in that behalf; and it was thereby enafted, That in cafe the faid whole fum of two millions, or one moiety, or any greater part of the faid fum of two millions, floould be fubfcribed as aforefaid, on or before the faid twenty-ninth day of September one thousand fix hundred and. ninety-eight, that then and from thenceforth all and every the faid fubfcribers, and all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, deriving title by, from or under fuch fubfcribers, fo long as they refpeftively floould continue to have any Jloare or interejl in the faid yearly fund, and all and every perfon and perfons licenfed by them, fhould or lawfully might for ever thereafter, by themfelves feverally, or by fuch faftors, agents or fervants, as they feverally fhould think fit to intrujl, freely traffick and ufe the trade of merchandize in, to, and from the Eait-Indies, and other pans or limits in the faid aft mentioned, in fuch manner, and by fuch proportions, and fubjeft to fuch reft rift ions as in the faid aft are expreffed; and it was further thereby enafted. That if any corporations, or other perfons having particular Jloares or interefts in the faid principal flock of the faid general fociety, fhould be deferousto unite and join together fuch their feveral flares and interefts, and to be incorporated fo as they might be able to manage their trade (in proportion to their interefts) as a company, and by a joint flock, then it fhould and might be lawful for his faid late Majesty, by his letters pat ents, to incorporate all fuch perfons a?id corporations, by fuch proper names as he fhould think fit, to be one company, with power to manage and carry on their trade to the Eaft-Indies, and other the limits in the faid aft mentioned, by a joint flock, and to have perpetual fucceffton, and a common feal, with other privileges in the faid aft mentioned; and it is thereby further enafted. That fuch perfons or corporations as floould in purfuance of that aft have a right and power to trade to the Eaft-Indies, and other the pans aforefaid, according to fuch provifions, proportions and reftritfions, as in the faid a3 are contained, floould ufe and enjoy the whole and foie trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe and privilege

Hosted by GOO^Ic

125

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14.	[1730^

vikge of trading, trafficking and exercifing the trade or hufinefs of merchandize to and from the Ealt-Indies, and to and from the jeveral places in the faid aft; mentioned; and that the Janie Jhoulcl not be vifited, frequented or haunted by any of the fubj e3s of his Majejly, bis heirs, of fuccejfors, under the penalties and forfeitures in the faid aft prefcribe'd and enabled; fubjefi neverthelefs to a condition or provifo therein con* tamed, that upon three years notice, after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and repayment of the Jaid fum of two millions, and all arrears of the faid annuities or yearly payments, then and from- thenceforth the [did duties, and the yearly fund charged thereupon, and the duty of jive pounds per centum for the imported goods, and the corporations to be erected inpurfuance of the faid and the benefit of trade thereby given, fioould ceafe and determine : and whereas in purfnance of the faid aft;, hisfaid late Majesty by a commiffion under the greatfeal of England, bearing date at Weftminfter the fourteenth, day a/July in the tenth year of his reign, did authorize feveralperfons therein named to be conimiffioners, with power to take fubfcriptions for or .towards the raif-ing and paying the faid fum of two millions : and whereas it appeared by duplicates tranfmitted into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his faid late Majejly's exchequer, that feveral films', amounting in the whole to the faid fum of two millions of pounds fter.ling, were fiubfbribed purfuant to the faid aSl, and the faid whole fum of two millions was intirely anfwered to his Majejly's ufe: and whereas by a charter under the great feal of England, bearing date at We ftm in Her the third day of September in the tenth year of his faid late Majejly's reign, his Majesty created and ejlablifhed the faid corporation or body politick called The general fociety, intitled to the advantages given by an a& of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown of England, with fuch powers, privileges and benefits, as are therein exprejfed: and whereas by letters patents under the great feal of England bearing date at Weftminfter the fifth day of September in the faid tenth year of his faid late Majejly's reign, reciting that the Subjcrib ers towards the faid fum of two millions, therein particularly named and exprejfed, were defirous to unite or join together their feveral jhares and interejls in the principal flock of the faid gene* ral fociety, and to be incorporated, fo as they might be able to manage their trade In proportion to their inter eft as a company, and by a joint flock, his faid late Majesty did grant that the fubjcribers therein particularly named, and every of them, and all and every p erf on and perfons^ bodies politick and corporate, who as executors, adminijlrators, fuccejfors or affigns, or by any other lawful title derived by, from or under the faid fubfcribers, fioould have or be i?ititled to any part, JJoare or inter eft ^ of or in the faid yearly fund fettled by the faid att, or of or in the proportionable annuity or yearly payments iffuing out of the faid yearly fundi fo long as they fioould refpelively have any part, jloare or interejl therein, fioould be one body politick and corporate, by the name o/’The Englifh company trading to the Eajl-Indies, with fuch benefit of trade, pow-6 Ann. c. 17. ers, privileges and advantages, and fubj eft to fuch rejlriftions, conditions, covenants and agreements, and to fuch provifo of redemption,, as are therein referred to or exprejfed: and whereas in and Joy one other aft made in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for affuring to the Englifh company trading to the Eaft-Indies,. on account of the united flock, a longer time in the fund and trade therein mentioned, ' and for raijvng thereby the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, for carrying on the war, and other her Majejly's occa-

fions).



\1J

1730.] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14*

fions) it was enatted, That upon payment to her Majesty of the fum pf one million two hundred thousand pounds, at the times, and upon the terms in the faid aft mentioned, they the faid Englifh company trading to the Eaft-Indies Jhould have further time and intereft in the faid fund, and trade to the Eaft-Indies, as in the laft mentioned aft is particularly Jet forth, hut fubjeft to the provifo or condition of redemption in the faid laft mentioned aft, and therein fet fonh; that is to fay, it was thereby declared and enafted, that at any time, upon three years notice after the twenty-fifth day of March which fhould he in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty-fix, upon the .expiration of the faid three years, and upon repayment hy parliament as well of the faid fum of two millions then before advanced, as of the faid fum of one million two hundred thoujand pounds then to he advanced, and Jince advanced and paid accordingly, making in the whole three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and of all arrears which at the end of the faid three years floould he due for and upon the faid find of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, then and from thenceforth, as well the faid duties upon fait, as the faid duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, and all the faid yearly fund of one Jnmdred and fixty thousand pounds, and all the corporations erefted in purfuance of the faid afts, andthe benefit of trade granted by them, or by any charters made in purfuance thereof, or hy that aft, fhould ahfolutely ceafe and determine : and whereas by virtue of the faid lafb mentioned aft, and of an award made in purfuance thereof, by the Right Honourable Sidney Earl of Godolphin, an union between the governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft-Indies, and the faid Englifti company trading to the Eaft-Indies, was compleated, and the faid name and ftyle of the faid Englilh company trading to the Eaft-Indies was thereupon changed into the name of The united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, as was *o Ann. c.iSL alfo dir eft ed hy the faid aft : and whereas in and hy o?ie aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majcfty Queen Anne (for continuing the trade and corporation capacity of the united Eaft-India company, although their fund Jhould be redeemed) it was enafted, That the laft mentioned provifo for redemption and determination of the faid feve-ral duties, yearly fund, annuities, corporations, and benefit of trade, fhould be and was thereby repealed a?id made void, and that the faid duties upon fait, and the faid duties upon Jtamped vellum, parclmient and paper, and the duty of five pounds in the hundred charged hy the faid afts upon goods imported from the Eaft-Indies, floould continue, and the. faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, and their fuccefjors, floould have and enjoy the faid yearly fum of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds per annum, or fuch part thereof,. a.s they then were or thereafter floould be intitled unto, and all the benefit of trade, franchifes, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever. in refpeft thereof given and granted, or intended to he given or granted unto them hy the faid aft of the ninth year of his faid late Majefifs. reign, or by the faid charter of the fifth day of - September in the tenth; year of his faid late Majefifs reign, or by the faid aft of the fixth year of the reign of her then Majcfty, or by any of them, freed and difcharged of and from the faid former provij'o or condition of redemption, con-tained in the faid therein laft recited aft, and all other provifoss, pow- ■	>

ers, afts, matters or things thentofore had, made, done or committed, far redeeming, determining or making void the fame duties, yearly fund, benefit of trade; franch ife. privilege, profits and advantages, or any of themy fubjeft nevenhekfs to the reftriftions, covenants and agreements 2	in



Anno tertio Georgii II. 0.14.’	[1730.

in the f aid therein recited afts and letters patents, or a?iy of them con-tained, and fubjeft to the general provifoes or condition of redemption therein after contained, in which J'aid aft there is afterw'ards contained a provifo in the words or to the effeft following; that is to fay, Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That at any time upon three years notice, after the twenty-fifth day of March which lhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, and upon repayment by parliament, as well of the Paid fum of two millions, as of the faid fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, making in the whole three millions two hundred thousand pounds, unto fuch companies, corporations and perfons as lhall be then intitled thereto, and of all arrears which to the end of die faid three years fhall be due, for or upon the faid pearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds per annum; then and from thenceforth the faid duties upon falc, and the faid duties upon damped vellum, parchment and paper, and the faid yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds fhall abfolutely ceafe and determine: and whereas one other aft of parliament was made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefiy King George the Firft (for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his Mai efty's fubjefts to and from the Eaft-Indies, and for the more effeftual preventing all bis Majefiy*s fubjefts trading thither under foreign commijfions):	and	whereas one other aft was

made in the Jeventh year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy King George the Firft, amongft other things, for the further preventing his Majefiy's fubjefts from trading to the Eaft-Indies under foreign com mijjions, and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto: and whereas one other aft was alfo made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy King George the Firft) to prevent his Majefiy's Subjefts from fubfcribing, or being concerned in encourage ing or promoting any fubfcription for an Eaft-India company in the Auftrian Netherlands, and for the better fecuring the lawf ul trade of bis Majefiy's fubjefts to and from the Eaft-Indies^) as by the faid feve-rai afts of parliament, commifflon and charters, relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: and whereas the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, are legally poffeffed of and intitled to, the faid principal or capital, flock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and to the faid yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, redeemable as afore faid, and are alfo poffeJJ-ed of and intitled to an additional flock in trade, and feveral forts, factories, fettlementSy poffeffions, eftates and hereditaments, for the benefit of or in trufi for, the members of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, in proportion and according to their refpeftive parts, fhares and -interefts in the faid yearly fund, and in the faid principal flock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds: and whereas the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, by virtue of the faid afts of parliament and charters, fome or one of them, claims to he a body politick and corporate, and to have perpetual fucceffion, and claim alfo the whole and foie trade, ex-clufive of all others, in, to and from the Eaft-Indies, and limits afore-faid for ever: hut neverthelefs the faid united company being willing, that all doubts touching the continuance of their corporation, and of their right to the whole and foie trade within the limits aforefaid for ever, . after tpe redemption of the j'aid yearly fund fbould be removed, were



1730.J	Anno tettio GeoRgiI IIf

and ore contented, and accordingly have confented and agreed, to fuhjeEl their right and claim to’ the jaid whole, foie, and exduftve trade, to be redeemable or determinable by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and have confented and agreed that their prefent annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, payable in refpeft of their faid capital flock or debt of three millions two hundred thousand pounds from the publick, be from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty, reduced to an annuity or yearly fund of one hundred twenty-eight thousand pounds, Redeemable by parliament on one year's notice to be given after the twenty-fifth day ofWlarch one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, on payment to them of their faid zvhole capital debt, with all arrears in refpedi thereof, in manner hereafter mentioned, and were and are moreover willing^ and have confented and agreed to pay into his Majeflfs exchequer , on or before the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the full funt of two hundred thousand pounds, without any interefi or addition to their faid capital flock or debt for the fame, tt> be applied, as hereafter mentioned, but upon fitch terms, conditions, grants, confirmations, articles and provifions neverthelefs as herein after are made * granted, provided, declared and enabled: now for the preventing* quieting and determining any doubts, difputes or difficulties that have been, or may be railed concerning the right or claim of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, to the whole and foie trade to the Baft-Indies, excluhve of all others, and for perfe£ling and com-pleating the feveral matters and things fo as aforefoid confented to by the faid company, and to the end the faid company may be able to fupport and carry on the trade to thzEdft-Indies with credit and fecurity, and improve the fame for the benefit of this nation, we your  Majesty’s fnoft dutiful and loyal fub-je£ls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do mod: humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majefty* by and With the advice and confent of the lords spiritual aiid temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid united company, in United Corrib purfuance of their before recited agreement, fhall and they are ^oS^ool^mta hereby required and enjoined to pay into the receipt of his theExche^  Majesty’s exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth day of quer by 2$ December one thousand feven hundred and thirty* the full and Dec. 1730* entire fum of two hundred thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be applied towards the fupplies granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year one. thousand feven hundred and thirty, for which no intereft fhall be ever payable* nor fhall any addition be made to their capital ftock or debt from the publick on account of the fame, nor (hall the fame, or any part thereof, be repayable to the faid united, company.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That 3n failure of in cafe the faid united company (hall make failure in payment payment may of the faid fum of two hundred thousand pounds, or any partbe ued* Vol. XVI,	K	thereof.



On advance of the money a difcount to be allowed of 3 1. per cent*

Anno tevt’10 GeorgiI II. c. 14.'	tr73°*

thereof, at the time before appointed for payment thereof, then the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, fhall and may be recovered in his  Majesty’s name, for the ufes and purpofes aforefaid, by a&ion of debt or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, m any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; in which aCtion, bill, fuit or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies, are indebted to his Majesty the monies whereof they fhall have made'default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which fhall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch aCtion, bill, fuit or information* there fhall be further recovered to his Majefty’* ufe, againft the faid united company, damages after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this aCf, befides full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their capital ftock and fund, fhall be and are hereby made fubjeCt and liable thereto.

III.	Provided always. That in cafe the commifiioners of his  Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall judge it convenient for his Majesty's fervice, that all or any part of the faid fum of two hundred thousand pounds fo as aforefaid appointed to be paid by the faid united company, fhould be paid in advance by them on any day or days before or fooner than the faid twenty-fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, before appointee! for payment thereof, and the faid united company fhall volun-. tarily confent to pay the fame in advance accordingly, then and in every fuch cafe the faid commifiioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, may and have hereby power to allow to the fame united company, out of every fuch payment in advance, a rebate or difcount after a rate not exceeding three pounds/^ centum per annum upon the monies fo paid in advance, from the refpedhve day or days of fuch payment, to the day on which the fame is herein before appointed to be paid as aforefaid.

Af	IV. And be it further enacfted, That from and after the

17 3^0 !t hey ear- twenty-ninth day of September which (hall be in the year of our ly fund of Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and not before, the faid annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds fhall be and is hereby reduced to an annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand pounds, in refpedl of the faid capital ftock or debt of three million* two hundred thousand pouhds; which faid reduced annuity or yearly fund (hall be and remain charged upon, and fhall be paid and payable from time to time out of the fame duties and revenues, in the fame manner and by the like weekly or quarterly payments, and with the fame provifions, for making good any deficiencies from time to time in the faid reduced

fund*

160,0001. reduced to 128,000 1.



1730*] Anno tertio GfcoRGil II. C. 14.'	13'"

fund, as their prefent annuity or fund is now charged on of provided for to be paid, until fome new or other provision (hall be made by parliament* with confent of the faid united company, for the famei

V.	Provided always* and be it enabled by the authority a- On one year's forefaid, That at any time, upon one year’s notice to be given nonce:attcr by parliament, after the twenty-fifth day of March which (hall repay-be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ment,&c. an-thirty-fix, upon the expiration of the faid year, and upon re- nuity to ceafe, payment by parliament of the faid whole capital (lock or debt

of three millions two hundred thousand pounds unto the faid united company, and of all arrears of their faid reduced annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thou-fand pounds, which (hall be due at the end of the faid year; then and from thenceforth their faid annuity or yearly fund (hall ceafe, determine and be no longer paid or payable to them.

VI.	And in regard it is intended, that at any time or times after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand [even hundred and thirty fix the faid capitalJioch or debt of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, may be paid off to the faid united company by any payments not being lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, and that > as the faid leffer payments frail be made, the faid reduced annuity of yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds, payable

to the faid company y Jhall proportionally fink and be abated; be it en-^ r, adfed by the authority aforefaid, That at any time or times, notice after^ upon one year’s notice after the twenty fifth day of March one March 1736, thousand leven hundred and thirty fix, to be given by parlia- on repayment tnent, upon the expiration of the faid year, on repayment by j°ef^Lfurn no£ parliament to the faid united company of any fum of money ^QSQ 00*nj Hot being lefs than five hundred thousand pounds, in part of much of the the faid capital dock or debt of three millions two hundred annuity to> thousand pounds, and upon payment of all arrears which (hall ceafe» then be due on their faid reduced annuity or yearly fund, or upon any part thereof, then from and after fuch payments, fo much of the faid annuity as fhall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part (hall ceafe, determine and be abated, and fo on from time to time, on fuch yearly notices to be given by parliament, and payment from time to time of fuch other fums, in part of the faid capital dock or debt, not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, and of fuch arrears of.their then annuity or yearly fund, until the payment of the whole (hall be compleated, fo much of their faid annuity or fund as fhall bear proportion to fuch refpedtive fums paid in part, fhall from time to time, as fuch payments are made, fink and be abated, until their whole annuity or yearly fund fhall be intirely funk and determined.

VII.	But neverthelefs and riotwithftanding fuch redemption, Afterredemp* be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and tion members every perfon and perfons, who now are or fhall at the time of of the compa-fueh redemption be intitled unto, or who now have or fhall ” bodv°polUUe

K z	have	tkk? ll



*3*

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14?	[1730*

have any part, (hare or intereft of, in or to the faid three millions two hundred thousand pounds, or of, in or to a proportionable part, fhare or intereft in the faid additional flock, flock in trade, or money paid in for carrying on the fame, or in the faid forts, factories, fettlements, lands, tenements, rights, hereditaments, pofleflions, eftate or eftates of or belonging to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the jEajl-Indies, or unto which they are, fhall or may be intitled, and all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who as executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or afligns, or by any other lawful way Or title derived or to be derived from, by or under them, (hall have or be intitled to have any part, (hare or intereft of, in or to the fame, or of, in or to any future or other additional flock, flock in trade, monies, poffef-fions, rights, hereditaments or eftates of or belonging to, or that fhall or may be acquired, gained or obtained by the faid united company, or their fucceffors, fo long as they (hall refpedlively have or be intitled to have any fuch (hare, part or intereft, (hall he and continue to be a body politick and corporate, in deed &nd in name, by the name of "The united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, and by that name (hall have perpetual fucceflion and a common feal; and they and their fuc-ceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in the law to have, pu.rchafe, receive, enjoy, pofTefs and retain, to them and their fucceffors, lands, rents, tenements and hereditaments, of what kind, nature or quality foever, and alfo to fell, grant, demife, alien, or difpofe of the fame ; and by the fame name to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in all dr any courts of record, or any other place whatsoever, and to do and execute all and Angular other matters and things by the name aforefaid, that to them (hall or may appertain to do, and (hall have, hold and enjoy all benefits, privileges, franchifes and rights, which by any former acft or a£ts, or any charter or charters founded thereupon, the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies might hold and enjoy, which are not herein or hereby altered or varied ; and all and every perfon and perfons, having at the time of fuch redemption of the faid yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds, any part, fhare or intereft of, in or to the faid principal flock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and of, in or to the faid additional flock, flock in trade, and monies paid in for carrying on the fame, and of, in and to other the polfeffions, rights, eftates and hereditaments aforefaid* acquired or purchafed by or any ways belonging or appertaining to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies and all perfons, bodies politick and corporate, that (hall or may at any time after derive from them any right or title to fuch monies paid in, flocks, pofTeffions, rights, hereditaments and eftates, notwith-flanding fuch redemption, (hall have and continue to have, and be intitled unto the fame, and unto all future and other the

flocks.



173°-]	Anno tertio Georg’ii II. 0.14.'

(locks, monies, poffeffions, rights, hereditaments and eftates, to be acquired, gained, belonging or to belong to the faid unit^ ed company, and their fucceffors, and to all benefits, profits, privileges and advantages arifing or to arife therefrom, in proportion to their refpedlive parts, thares and interefl therein ; and the faid parts, fhares and interefts of fuch perfons of and in the fame, fhall and may be affigned and affignable, transferred and transferrable, in fuch or the like manner, mutatis mutandis, as their refpefilive parts, {hares or interefts of and in the faid prin-^ cipal flock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and the additional flock thereto, or either of them, are now affignable or transferrable, or may be affigned or transferred,

VIII.	And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore- an(j decjare faid, That from and after fuch redemption of the faid yearly qualifications fund, or after one moiety thereof or more fhall be redeemed of electors, and di(charged by parliament, the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl~I?tdies may from time to

time, by by-laws or orders to be made in their general court or general courts, declare and diredl how much and what part or fhare in the then remaining capital flock or yearly fund, or in the faid additional flock and flock in trade, pofieflions, hereditaments and eflates aforefaid, fhall qualify any perfons, members of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-lndies, to be directors for the affairs of the faid company, and what part or fhare thereof fhall qualify any perfons, members of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-lndies, to give any vote or votes in any general court or general courts, and for the electing the directors, and for their continuance or removal, incapacity, or a?-yoidance.

IX.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- r

faid. That notwithflanding fuch redemption of the faid yearly ha™^h?fo?e fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds as a- trade to the forefaid, the faid united company of merchants of England trad- Eaft-lndies ing to the Eaft-lndies fhall, fubjedt to the provifo of determina- *?r a limited tion herein after contained in that behalf, have, ufe and enjoy, time‘ and fhall continue to have, ufe and enjoy the whole and foie trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe and privilege of trading, trafficking and exerciling the trade or bufinefs of merchandize in, to and from the Eaft-lndies^ and in, to and from all the iflands, ports, havens, coafls, cities, towns and places between the cape of Good Hope and flreights of Magellan, and limits in the faid act of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefly King William the Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of September in the tenth year of his faid Majefty*s reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner, as the faid company could thereby trade thereto $ and the faid Eaft-lndies, or the iflands, havens, coafls, ports, cities, towns and places within the limits aforefaid, or any of them, fhall not from henceforth, at any time before fuch determination of the faid foie and whole trade of the faid united company of merchants

& 3	^



of the company, forfeited*

Anno tertio Georgix II. c. 14,	[1730.*

of England trading to the Eaft-indies, as is herein after mention-* ' ed, be repaired or failed to, vifited, frequented or haunted by any other the fubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, what-~v.	foever ; and if any of the faid fubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs

good shading or fucceffors, of what degree or quality foever they be, other thither during than the fa&ors, agents and fervants of the faid united cooir that time, pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, or fuch without leave as fl^n foe by them thereunto licenfed or authorized, fhall at any time or times hereafter, before fuch determination of the faid company’s whole and foie trade as aforefaid, diredlly or in-diredtly fail or go to, vifit, haunt, frequent, traffick, trade or adventure in, to or from the faid Eaf-Indies, or other the limits or parts aforefaid, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and every fuch offender and offenders fhall incur the forfeiture and lofs of all the fhips and veffels which fhall be imployed in fuch voyage, trade, traffick. or adventure, with the guns, tackle, apparel and furniture thereunto belonging, and alfo all the goods jaden thereupon; or that were or fhall be fent to, acquired, traded, trafficked or adventured within the faid Eaft-indies or parts aforefaid, and all the proceed and effedls of the fame, and every of them, and double the value thereof; which penalties fhall be fo fued for, feized, diverted and divertible (a) recovered and re*^ coverable, as in and by the faid adi made in the feventh year of butable, in the the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft is appointed, former edition, directed and enadted concerning the penalties and forfeitures h\

7 Geo. 1 .flat. j. thatadf mentioned or referred to, with refpedt to the faid united company, or their trade to the Eafl-Indies.

X* And moreover it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-indies fhall at all times hereafter for ever (fubjedt as aforefaid), have, hold and enjoy and be intitled unto all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privileges, fran-chifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and difabilities, proviftons, matters and things whatsoever, which by any former adt or adls of parliament, or by any. charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any claufe or claufes in the faid adts or charters contained, are enadted, given, granted, provided, inflicted, limited, eftablifhed, or declared to, for, touching or concerning the faid company or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The general fociety intitled to the adr vantages given by an aft of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions for the fervice of the crown of England,, or the faid body politick and corporate, called by the name qf The Englifh company trading to the Eaft-indies, or the faid body politick and corporate, now called by the name of The united comr pany of merchants 0/* England trading to the Eaft Indies, and not by this adt altered or intended to be altered, according to the tenor and true meaning of the faid adts and charters, freed and difeharged from all provifoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained, arid the fame and every of

them

(a) Diftribut-ed and diltii

c. 21.

They (hall enjoy all privileges granted by ads or Charters,



*73°*J	Anno teitio Georgii II. c. 14.	*35

them are hereby ratified and confirmed, and fhall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be pra&ifed and put in execution by the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies, and their fucceffors, for the better and more effectual fettling and fecuring to them and their fucceffors the whole, foie and exclufive trade to the Eajt-Indies and parts aforefaid, and for the preventing all his  Majesty’s fubjedts trading thither, and for fecuring alfo their poffeffions, eftate and effects, and governing their affairs and bufmefs in all refpe&s as fully and effectually, as if the fame profits, benefits, advantages, trade, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, penalties and forfeitures, disabilities, provifions, matters and things, were feverally repeated and at large re-ena6ted in the body of this act3 fubjedi never-thelefs to fuch reftridtions, covenants and agreements as are contained in the faid adts and letters patent now in force, and not herein or hereby varied or altered, and fubjedt alfo to the pro-vifo following ; that is to fav,

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the autho- 0n tJ

rity aforefaid, that at any time, upon three years notice to be years notice given by parliament, after the twenty fifth day of March which after 1736, ihall be in the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty and rePay-fix (a), upon the expiration of the faid three years and repay- ^olecapftal ment to the faid united company of merchants of England trad- ftock, exclu-ing to the Eajt-Indies^ or their fucceffors, of the faid capital five trade to flock, debt or fum of three millions two hundred thousand ceafe: . pounds, and all arrears of annuity payable in refpedl thereof, in ^ ^uTis cafe the lame (hall not have been before repaid, then and from flxty frxin thenceforth the faid right, title and intereft of the faid united Keb.& Hawk, company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies to the whole, -foie and exclufive trade to the Eajl-Indies and parts aforefaid, fhall ceafe and determine.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the But corpora-

^uthority aforefaid. That nothing in the above provifo, or in tion to con-any provifo in the a£t of the ninth year of the reign of his faid tin4^* Majesty King William the Third, or in the faid charter of the 9	*	3*	c’

fifth day of September in the tenth year of his faid Majesty, or

in any other a<St or charter contained, Ihall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to determine the corporation of the faid united company pf merchants of England trading to the Eajt-Indies, or to hinder, prevent or exclude the faid united company from parrying on at all times, after fuch determination of the right to the foie, whole and exclufive trade as aforefaid, a free trade in, to and from the Eajt-Indies and parts aforefaid, with all or any part of their own joint ftock in trade, goods, merchandizes, e-r ftate and effects in common with other the fubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, trading in, to and from thofe parts.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That any what be notice in writing, iignified by the lpeaker of the houfe of com- deemed a pro-jnons for the time being by order of the laid houfe, fhall be deem- per notice by pd and adjudged 3 due and proper notice by parliament, to and parliament,

K 4	*	as

‘ 

13^	Anno	tertio	Georgii	II.	0.15,16.	[1730.

Company not to purchafe exceeding io,oool. per

annum.

This a£i notto prejudice the South-Sea company:

for all the ends, intents and purpofes for which fuch notices are d^recSted by this a<5l to be given to the faid company.

XIV- Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the laid united company (hall be and are hereby retrained and enjoined from buying, purchafing, enjoying or pofTeffing,at any one time, any mefluages, lands, rents, tenements or hereditaments, of what nature, kind or quality fo^ ever, in the kingdom of Great Britain, exceeding in the whole the yearly value of ten thousand pounds; any thing herqin or in any former a61, or in any charter granted to the faid company, in any wife notwithftanding,

XV,	Provided always, That this act or any thing herein con^ tained (hall not extend or be conftrued, deemed or taken to extend to reftrain or prejudice fuch trade or navigation within any parts of the limits aforefaid, as the governor and company of mer-* chants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, now are intitled unto.

NortheLqvant XVI. Provided alfo. That this a6t or any thing herein con-company, tained (hall not extend, or be conftrued, deemed or taken to extend to fubjedf the governor and company of merchants of England trading to the Levant-Seas, or any member thereof, to any penalties or forfeitures hereby enacfted, for and in refpetft of his and their trading into the Levant-Seas^

CAP. XV,

An a<ft for repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochefter, to Saint Dunftan's Crofs neap the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for repealing fo much of a former a£f, as appropriates part of the money arifing by the tolls or duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean, in the laid county of Kent,

The tolls took place from the 24th day of June 1730, and are to have continuance for ax years. Qont'mued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. XVI.

An ciEl for raifing jive hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills towards the fupply granted to his Majefty; and for the further application of the produce of the finking fund •, for applying the arrears of former land taxes; for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejfion 1of parliament; and for giving relief with refpebl of an overpayment to the land-tax for the year one thousand feven huhr dred twenty one by the receiver generalfar the count of Salop,

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty s mofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being defirous to raife the necefary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Adaje-Jly, in the eafiefl and leaf burthenfome way for your Majeffs fubjeffs9

dp



l37

1730.] Anno tertio GeoRGH II. c. 16.

do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and Treafury may with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, °ut f*,j and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled,-and by the of^o^oool S authority of the lame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for ^.Geo.V c. 9. the commidioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, to caufe or direCl any number of exchequer-bills to be made out for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of five hundred and fifty thousand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain aCt of this prefent feftionof parliament (for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty) are enaCted and prefcribed concerning the exchequer-bills to be made in pursuance of the fame aCl.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, to the That all and every the powers and authorities for contracting for l^ers in the the circulation and exchange of the exchequer bills to be made land tax of forth in purfoance of the fame aCt, at a rate or premium not ex- this feflion. ceeding three pounds per centum per annum, and all and every

other claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures and difabilities contained in the faid laid mentioned aCt, relating to the exchequer bills authorized to be made in purfuance of the fame aCt (except fuch claufes as do charge them on the monies arifing from the aids thereby granted) (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this aCt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned ad, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enaCIed in the body of this aCfi

III.	And be it enaCted, That all fuch exchequer-bills as (hall Chargeable on be made forth in purfuance of this ad, and the intereft, premium, the firft aids rate and charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and after29 Sept* are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be repaid or I72°*

born by or out of the firft aids or fupplies which fhall be granted in parliament next after the twenty ninth day of Septe?nber_ which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and in the mean time and until fuch fupplies (hall be granted fufficient for thofe purposes, the fame (hall be ancj onthefur* and are hereby charged and chargeable on fuch furplus monies, plusof thedu-as at any time or times from and after the twenty fifth day of tieschargeable March one thousand feven hundred and thirty fhall arife into the WJth the exchequer, from the feveral duties and revenues now charged	3an“

with the annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, now payable to the united company of merchants England trading to the Eajl-Indies3 and (hall be more than

fufo



138	Anno	tertio	Georgii II. c.i6j [1730.

fafficicnt to pay and fatisfy the quarterly payments or arrears of the faid annuity or yearly fund, or which fhall hereafter arife by any favings in the monies arifing by the faid duties and revenues, by any reduction that is or (hall be made in the faid annuity or yearly fund payable to the faid company, with their own con-fent; and all and every fuch furplus monies or favings which fhall from time to time arife into the exchequer, before the granting fuch aids or fupplies as aforefaid, and until all the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this adt lhall be cancelled and difcharged, fhall be quarterly applied towards the paying and defraying the premium, intereft and charges attending on or incident to the fame exchequer bills, and fubjedt thereto, towards cancelling and difcharging the principal of the faid exchequer bills in courfe, and from and after the difcharge of the faid exchequer bills, and fubjedt thereto, the faid furplus monies or favings fhall be referved for the future difpofition of ^parliament.

IV.	And whereas by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of $ Geo. 1, c. 6. his late majefiy King George the Firjl (for reviving and adding tw$ millions to the capital Jlock of the South-Sea company) the whole in-creafed capital Jlock of the faid company, being then computed at thirty three millions eight hundred and two thousand four hundred and eighty three "pounds fourteen Jhillings and a halfpenny, was divided into tzvo equal parts, and -one moiety thereof being therein fated at fixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty one pounds feventecn Jhillings and a farthing, was to be converted into a joint Jlock, attended with certain annuities payable out of the! funds of the faid company, in lieu of all the dividends, profits and advantages juch moiety was then intitled to, after the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty fevers and from thenceforth with annuities at four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and the fame were thenceforth to be called The joint (lock of South-Sea annuities; and the other moiety or half part of the faid whole capital fiocky amounting to the like fum of fixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty one pounds feventeen Jhillings and a farthings was to remain, continue and be in the faid company as a joint Jlock in their own right, attended with the refidue of the annuities or yearly funds payable in the exchequer for their faid whole capital\ until the redemption thereof by parliament, and attended with the fever al allowances fettled or to be fettled for charges of management, and with all the other benefits, profits of trade, pr\yi* leges and advantages then belonging to the faid company; and by the fame aft it ivas provide /, That after the feafi of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven the fame flocks might be redeemed by any payments not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, and that fuch payments Jhould from time to time be applied, either towards difcharging the principal fums zvbich Jhould belong to the faid South-Sea company in their own right, or towards difcharging the principal fums of the faid South-Sea annuities, or towards difcharging as well the



1730.] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16.	139

principal films of the faid company, of the faid South-Sea an~ nuities,	yz/c£ proportions,	manner and form,	<7; fioould he pre-

fcribed by the refpeftive aft or acts of parliament for furnifiring fuch fums: and whereas by reafon or means of a fmall error in computing the amount of the whole increafed capital flock-, and flnce retJified, and by a payment and application of a fum of five hundred thousand pounds in moieties towards reducing the capital fums both of the flock of the company and of the joint flock of annuities, in purfuance of an r Geo. z. flat. aft of the firfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, the capital 2. c. fum remaining due on each of them doth now amount to fifteen millions fix hundred fifty one thousand one hundred and one pounds twelve /hillings and nine pence farthing refpeftively, and no more: and whereas it is deemed expedient for this time and on this prefent occafion, that the fum 0/ one million of pounds flerling Jbould be paid and applied for and towards paying off fo much of the faid remaining capital flock on principal fum belonging to the faid company in their oivn rights commonly called The South-Sea flock; be it therefore enadled by Sinking fund the authority aforefaid, That by or out of fuch monies as are applied to pay or fhall be in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufTes, ex- g^u^e^llloa cedes or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, ft0ck/

^rifen or to arife at or from the feafl of the nativity of Saint John Baptifl which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty (afterpayment of orreferving fufficient to pay fuch monies as have been directed by any former a61 or a&s of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall be if-fued and applied to the governor and company of merchants of .

Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts oi Am erica ^ and for encouraging the fifhery, at the faid feaft-day, and afterwards quarterly from time to time, as the fame fhall arife, fuch fum or fums of money as fhalj on fuch quarter-day or days be in the faid receipt of the exchequer, for or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the faid capital (lock or fum remaining due to the faid company in their own right, until the fame payments fhall in the whole amount to the fum of one million of pounds flerling; and that as the faid payments of principal money fhall be from time to time made, a proportional part of their faid capital flock, and of the annuities attending thereon,

(hall alfo from time to time ceafe and determine, for the benefit of the publick; but as it may fo happen, that on the faid feafl-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptifl which (hall be in the If money not year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, there	^uer

may not be fufficient money jn the receipt of the exchequer, a- treTfury^y** rifen from the faid furpluffes, to fatisfy and pay the faid intire borrow at 4^ fum of one million of pounds, and the faid South-Sea company percent, may defire then to receive the whole fum in one intire payment, in order to make one diflribution of the whole amongft all the* proprietors of their faid capital (lock at one time; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That upon application being made by the faid company to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s treafury now or for the time being, or the lord high freafurer for the time being, ^nd giving them notice of fuch

thdy



Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16.	[173a.

their defire to have and receive the laid one million of pounds in one intire payment ten days at lead before the faid fe a ft-day, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, or the lord high treafurer, by warrant under their hands to permit or fuffer any perfon or per-fons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to \	his Majesty at the receipt of his exchequer fo much money, as

together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies* commonly called The finking fund, fhall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million of pounds, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes and overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they (hall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an intereft for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum; and in fuch cafe the money fo to be lent or advanced, fhall be iffued and paid to the faid company, together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, to corn-pleat the payment of the faid entire fum of one million of pounds; and the monies which from thenceforth (hall arife from the faid furpluffes, (hall quarterly be iffued and applied to difcharge and fatisfy fuch loans with the intereft thereof, in the due order and common courfe of the exchequer, in cafes of loans; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

South Sea	V, And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the

company^o	&0Uth~Sea company (hall forthwith, upon the receipt of the

diltribute out faid fum of one million of pounds, or as foon after as convenient-the money to ly may be, divide out, and diftribute the fame, amongft all the the proprie- feveral proprietors of their faid capital (lock, towards finking tul£#	and difcharging fo much of their (hares or interefts in the faid

capital (lock, by even and equal dividends amongft them all, in proportion to their refpedlive (hares or intereft therein.

VI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the Sob-governor, faid South-Sea company or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of any thing done in purfuance of this a6t; nor (hall the fub-governor, deputy-governor or any of the directors now or for the time being, after the payments hereby directed fhall take place, be deemed to be disqualified to continue fub-governor, deputy-governor or directors, if, by reafon of fuch payments, there fhall not remain in their own re-j'pecftive names or rights fo much capital ftock of the faid comr j: any, as they before were required to have for the qualification, of fuch fub-governor, deputy-governor or director refpedlively, fo as fuch fub-governor, deputy-governor or director refpedlive-, Jy, within three months after his being obliged to receive any (pm or fums of money in difchargp of any part of his (hare or intereft in the faid capita] ftock of the faid company, which will reduce his intereft or (hare therein under the fum required for fuch his qualification, do or (hall obtain, by purchafe or other-fy/iie, fo much more capital ftock of the fatid company, to bq

&c. ot tne South-Sea company not to incur any difability hereby.



* 73°-] Anno tertlo GEoRGII II. c.	141

transferred into his own name and right, as (hall compleat the fum neceffary for fuch his qualification.

VII.	And for the accommodation of fuch of the proprietors of the faid capital dock, as fhall be obliged to receive fmall lums as dividends of their faid capital, and for enabling them to replace the fame with the leaft expence: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all and every cafe and cafes, where any proprietor or joint proprietors of any fhare or fhares in the faid capital flock, fhall, out of the faid fum of one million, be paid off a dividend of capital on fuch their /efpeblive fhares or interefts,which dividend fhall not amount to more than the fum Small ferns of one hundred pounds, it fhall and may be lawful to and fot ^id^nds^f ^ the faid company, their officers or fervants, and they are hereby capital may required at any time before the day to be appointed by the court be replaced of directors for the (hutting up their transfer books, in order to without the payment of the half year’s annuity, to be due on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, to permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, being proprietors of the faid Hock, to transfer to fuch proprietor or proprietors refpebtively, any fum or quantity of South-Sea capital flock, not exceeding the fum or fums fo divided out of capital, to him, her or them refpeblively, by writing in the transfer books of the faid company, without any of the (lamps being impreffed thereon, which by any former abt or abls of parliament are required in cafes of transfers, and without any fees or other charges to the faid company, or their officers, clerks or fervants, for the fame,* and alfo to permit, and fuffer the transferrees, or fome other perfon or perfons on their behalfs refpeblively to accept the fame; and that fuch transfers without ffamps(fubjebl to the reftriclions before mentioned) fhall be as good, valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been flampt according to any former or other law or laws for that purpose ; and that no penalties or forfeitures inflicted by any fuch former law or laws for or on account of making or permitting transfers of flock, without being firfl flampt, fhall be incurred by any perfon or perfons abling therein in pur-fuance of this abt; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and forthefaid South-Sea company, withinthe time before mentioned, to fell and difpofe of, to any fuch of their proprietors, any parcels or quantities of that part of their capital flock as now remain in the faid company, or in any perfon or perfons in truft for them, not diflributed amongfl the reft of their adventurers, as fhall be neceffary or fufficient for the purpofes aforefaid, and no more, at fuch price or prices as fhall be from time to time agreed on between the faid company and fuch proprietors, and to caufe the fame to be transferred accordingly, free from inch ftamps, fees or other charges as aforefaid; any thing in any former or other aCt or a<5t$ of parliament to the contrary notwith-Handing.

VIII.	And to the end, intent and purpose that all truft eftates ©r interefts in the faid capital flock of the South-Sea company,

may



Dividends of ftock in truft not to be paid as dividends of profit, &•<:.

Truftees may dilpofe of the trull monies in any lecu-rities.

Ctaufe for ap plying the arrears of for-tner land- -taxes.

Atinotertlo Georgii II. c. 1

may be preferved and improved for the benefit of the perfonS concerned therein, with the lead expence and inconvenience to them: be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in all and every cafes where, in purfuance of this adl, any payments or dividends (hall be made of the capital of any fuch (lock, as (hall be veiled in any perfon or perfons in trufl for other perfons,7 who have or claim diftindt or different intereft therein, or for any other ends or purposes, for which the capital fum or (lock ought to be preferved intire, fuch payments or dividends of the capital (lock (hall not be paid or applied as dividends of profit* annuity or intereft, but (hall remain in the hands of fuch trustees refpedlively, till otherwife difpofed of at intereft; and for that purpose it*(hall and may be lawful to and for the truftee or truftees, who (hall receive the fame, at his or their difcretion* to lay out or difpofe of the fame or any part thereof, in the pur-chafe of fo much other capital ftock of the fame kind, as at the current market price of fuch ftock the monies received for fuch dividends (hall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to pur-* chafe; which new purchafed ftock (hall be transferred to fuch truftee or truftees, and a receipt or receipts (hall be given and figned by the perfon or perfons transferring the fame, for thd monies paid for the fame; and in cafe fuch truftees refpedlively, by writing inaorfed on or annexed to fuch receipts, and figned or acknowledged before one of the mafters of the high court of chancery, (hall declare that the monies in the faid receipts werg the produce of the faid dividends of the faid capital (lock, which figning or acknowledgment fuch mafters in chancery are here-> by required to accept or take; and each and every fuch matter, before whom the fame (hall be done, (hall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubferibing his name thereto ; for doing whereof fuch matter (ball be paid for each fuch certificate one (hilling and no more; then, and in every fuch cafe, the ftock mentioned in fuch receipts to be transferred, (hall refpedlively go and be deemed fubjedt and liable to the fame trufts, for the benefit of the fame perfons, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft ftock remaining in fuch truftees refpedlively will or ought to be fubjedl or liable to; and fuch truftees refpedlively (hall from thenceforth be indemnified from any lofs, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the expences of the faid truft eftates.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing in this adl contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to reftrain or prohibit any fuch truftees from laying out or difpofing of any of the faid truft monies in any other purchafes-or any other fecurities, whether publick or private, if they (ball fa think fit, in the fame man-* ner and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves as they might have done if this adl had not been made.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That 'the fum of eleven thousand fix hundred fifty five pounds eleven

(hillings and nine pence half-penny, remaining in the exchequer for arrears of feveral land taxes, payable in the year on£

thoufand

Hosted by

Google

173a.] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16.	J43

thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven or before, fhall or may be iffued or applied as part of hisIVTajqfty’s fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; any law, Latute or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XL Provided al ways, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Appropria-faid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by Monies grant-loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this feffion of parlia- edthisfeflions, ment, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejiy by a land tax to be raifeo in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium or rate, and charges thereon and the thereby allowable for railing the laid land tax, fhall be Satisfied or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to discharge the fame ; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that port of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; for exempting from the faid duties, cyder and perry ufed for difilling; for afcertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation; for making good the deficiency of a late malt aft; and for giving further time to clerks ana apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures or contrafts, and fo much money,Jf any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted or continued, as fhall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties fhall be fatisfied or money fufficient fhall be referved to discharge the fame; and alio the fum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be paid into*his  Majesty’s exchequer by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft~Indies7 in purfuance of another ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, for reducing the annuity of the faid company, and afcertaining their trade to the Eaft-Indies, and all the monies coming into the exchequer by exchequer bills on this ad, and the fum of eleven thousand fix hundred fifty five pounds eleven (hillings and nine pence half-penny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer on arrears of former land taxes, fhall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefTed, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftridions as are herein after prefcribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enaded and declared, that out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be Sums allowed iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding aa-val freight hundred fifty three thgufand feven hundred eight fix v,cc^

2	pounds



Greenwich

hofpital.

Office of ord-

144	Anno	tertlo	GeorGii	It.	c.	16.	[173a;

pounds fixteen (hillings and five pence, for or towards the naval < fervices herein after more particularly expreffied, that is to fay$ for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Ma-jefty’s navy, and for half-pay to lea officers, and for or towards • victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary repairs of his  Majesty’s navy performed and to b<£ performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted* That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money nor exceeding ten thou^ fand pounds, upon account, for and towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen in the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit ini the fervice of their country.

XIIL And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of all or any nance for land of the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued fervice. and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding, ninety four thousand four hundred pounds nine (hillings and three pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed* and for defraying the extraordinary' expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

Land forces XIV. And it is hereby iikewife enadled. That out of all or and other fer- any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be iffiued or applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole fum of one million one hundred ninety four thou-fand two hundred twelve pounds fifteen (hillings and two pence three farthings, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly ex-prefied; that is to fay, any fum not exceeding fix hundred fifty one thousand four hundred eighty-four pounds feventeen (hillings and one penny half-penny, for defraying the charge of fe-venteen thousand (even hundred and nine men, including com-miffion and non-commiffion officers and invalids, for guards, garrifons and fix independant companies for the fervice of the Highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty thousand two hundred thirty five pounds eight (hillings and one penny half-penny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty three thousand four hundred fifty two pounds fixteen (hillings and three pence, upon account of out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty eight thousand feven hundred

eighty

vues.



1730.] Anno tertio Georgii II, c. 16:	145

eighty pounds twelve fhillings and five pence three farthings, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fixty four thousand pounds, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved ill the application of the faid half-pay; as are herein after preferred concerning the -fame; and the fum of two hundred forty one thousand two hundred fifty nine pounds one (hilling and three pence for defraying the expence of twelve thousand He(fians> taken into his  Majesty’s pay for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty five thousand pounds, for one year’s fubfidy to the duke of Brunfwick Lunenburgh Wolfenbuttell, purfuant to a treaty dated the twenty-fifth day of November one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven.

XV. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed. That out of all or any Deficiencies of the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhail and may funds, Sec. be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fifteen thousand four hundred forty fix pounds and three pence, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fixty three thousand three hundred forty four pounds fixteen fhillings and five pence farthing; to make good the deficiency of the fund commonly called the general fund, for raifing feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix fhillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, for the purchafe of the interefl: of Dougall Cuthbert efquire, or any perfon or perfons claiming under him in a re-verfionary grant to him during his life, in the office of warden of the Fleet prifon, after the deceafe of Thomas Bambridge efquire* and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of the Britijb forts and fettle-ments belonging to the Royal African company of England, on the coaft of Africa ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, upon account of one year’s penfions, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, to be allowed to the widows of fuch half-pay officers of the land forces, as ferved and were married before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen ; which faid fum of one thousand five hundred pounds fhail be iflued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majesty fhail, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direcl or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers ©r their afligns, according to fuch efhblifhmeats, lifts or other dire&ions, and with and fubject to fuch conditions, qualifies^

Vol. XVI. .	L	tions,



Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16.	[173	a.

tions, dedudtions or oth6r allowances for the fame, as his Ma-jefty by fuch or the like warrant or warrants (hall be gracioufly pleafed, from time to time, to direct or appoint.

Not to be ap- XVI. And be it enadted, That the faid aids or fupplies, pro-*

otheruf^7 vidcd

as aforefaid, fhall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, in-ot er u e. tent or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the fevera] deficiencies or other payments, directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe »	or	claufes	for that purpose contained in any other a61 or ads of

this prefent feffion of parliament.

Rules to be XVII. And as to the faid hum of fixty four thousand pounds, obferved in by this ad appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid ; it the half-pay *s ^ere^Y enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after prefcribed fhall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay, that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, was reduced ; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or imployment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefiy, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland^ fhall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion flnce; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately diibanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

2 Geo. 2. c< 18. XVIII. And whereas by an all of parliament made in the fecond year of his Majefiy s reign, intituled, An act to afcertain the cufiom ' payable for com and grain imported ; for better ascertaining the price and quantity of com and grain, for which a bounty is payable upon exportation ; for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts, feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffed, amongji which any fum or [urns of money, not exceeding fifty feven thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiy s land forces and marines ; fubjedl neverthclefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid all lucre prefcribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared. Overplus of by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of the half-pay fifty feven thousand pounds as is or (hall be more than fufficient

to



1730.] Anno tertlo GeoRGH II. c. 17—19*	147

to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according .to the faid rules money of laft

by the faid acfts prefcribed to be obferved in the application

thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed compaffionate

of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the latd lift.

wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice or other-

wife, his Majesty fhall judge to be proper objedls of charity, or

to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch

warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal fign manual, as

fhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this a6t, or the faid

former a6t, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX. And whereas Richard Wollafton efquire, receiver general of the taxes for the county of Salop, is in arrear upon his account of the fixth two Jhilling aid, one thousand feven hundred tiuenty two, the fum of two thousand nine hundred ninety five pounds eleven Jhillings one penny three farthings or thereabouts, which arrear was occafeoned by his agents having by mi fake overpaid the like Jiim on the ninth three Jlnlling aid in the year one thousand feven hundred twenty one ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and Claufe in fa-may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the commiftioners v°u^f Ricb-of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, ^ - e° a 011 to diredl the faid fum of two thousand nine hundred ninety five q pounds eleven (hillings and one penny three farthings or thereabouts, overpaid as aforefaid, to be repaid to the faid Richard Wollafton, out of the arrears of former land taxes, which now . are in or fhall come into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, and which are not herein otherwise appropriated, and that the fame fhall be immediately paid in by him in difcharge of the aforefaid arrear on his account of land tax granted for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty two.

CAP. XVII.

An a<5l for making the hamlet of Limehoufe, and part of the hamlet of Rarcliffe, in the parifti of Saint Dunftan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlefex, a diftindl parifti, and for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church there.

Appointment of 3500 L topurchafe lands, &c. for the minifter of the new church. Churchwardens may make vaults, &c. Churchwardens to pay 60 I. per ann. to the redtor. Veftrymen to ele6t a ledturer, and all officers.

New diftridt a diftindt parifti. Ratcliffe hamlet to remain as before for po^rs rates. &c. The great tithes continued to Brafen Nofe college. The two portionifts to receive each 25 1. per ann. during their incumbencies.

Parifh clerk to be a member of the parifti clerks. The new church not to be held in Commendam. The parifti clerk of the new church to pay 5I. per ann. to the prefent clerk of Stepney. Inhabitans of the new parifti paying 2 s. 6d. per month to poors rate, to be veftrymen. Repairing the roads to continue as before.

CAP. XVIII.

An a61 for repairing the feveral roads leading into the city of Hereford.

The tolls took place 1 July 1730. and are to continue for 21 years. Cen-tinned by 22 Geo, 2. c.18.

CAP. XIX.

An adt for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church near Bloomfbury Market in the county of Middlefex; and for making more effedtual an act patted in the fourth year of his late  Majesty’s * reign, for impowering the commiftioners for building the fifty new

L 2	.	churches,



C; -Vj

I4S

S&6W.&M.

c.7.

& 8W.5.-M. .31.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. io. [173a.

Churches, to direct the parifh church of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the faid county, to be rebuilt, inltead of one of the faid fifty new churches.

Appointment of 30001. to purchafs lands, &c. for the minifter of the new church. Inhabitants of the old parilh to pay 1250I. for the re<5tor of the new. Commifiioners to purchafe a churchyard for the new church by 24 June 1730. Commifiioners and veltry to fet the rates of Burials, Vaults, &c. in the new church veiled in the churchwardens. Redlory not to be held in Commendam. Parilh clerk to be a member of the parilh clerks. Not to take away any rights of the prefent re<5tor of St. Giles in the Fields. Lecturer to be chofen by the re<ftor and vellrymen. One bell only in the ileeple. Commifiioners to pay 80001. for rebuilding Saint Giles’s church. After 25 March 1731, till an eftedlual divifion of the parilhes can be had, pariGi officers to be chofen as formerly, and all poors rates lhall be made by both parilhes jointly. Salvo for all rights of the duke of Bedford.

CAP. XX.

An aff for taking off certain duties on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds, that may happen thereby 3 and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the Eaft-India company, on the aggregate fund 3 and for relief of Matthew Lyon, executor of Matthew Page deceafeff in refpeB of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty four.

WHEREAS by an aB of parliament made in the fifth and ftxth years of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An a£t for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid a6t mentioned, to fuch perfons as, fhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it was, amongft other things, enaffed, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thousand fix hundred and ninety four, there ftould be, throughout the kingdom 0^ England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raij'ed, levied, collected and paid umo their Makefiles^ their heirs and fucceffors, until the fevent-eenth day of May which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety feven, for fait, the rates and duties following5 that is to fay, For every gallon of fait, not being of the pro duff or manufacture of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or tovon of Berwick upon Tweed, imported or to be imported into England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three pence of lawful money of England, over and above the then duties payable on fait imported, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity 3 and for every gallon of fait and rock fait, made at the fait works, or taken out of any pits, ivithin the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of one penny half-penny, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity 3 with divers pro-vifions and directions in the faid at1 contained, for managing, colled-mg, paying and applying the fame duties: and whereas by another off made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of their faid late

Majefties h



*49

i73°-3 Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20.

Majeflies, intituled, An act for continuing to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, ftone and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftablifh-ing a national land bank, and taking off the duties upon tun-nage of fhips, and upon coals, the fame rates and duties were continued for every for the purpofes of the faid aft : and whereas by a fubfequent aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty 9 Ann. c. 21. Fjueen Anne, For making good deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts, and for ere&ing a corporation to carry on a trade to the South-Seas, and for the encouragement of the fifhery, the before mentioned duties, amongf other duties therein enumerated\ were made part of the duties and revenues on which the fmd or annuity , and allowance for charges of management, thereby made payable to the South-Sea company, to be erefted by virtue and in pur-fiance of the fame afty for or in refpeft of the feveral publick debts or fecurities thereby authorized to be Jubfcribed into the capital or joint flock of the fame company, were charged: and ivhereas by virtue of the fame laf recited at7, and of the fubfcriptions made of publick debts or incumbrances in purfuance thereof \ and of a further fum of money advanced by the faid South-Sea company into the exchequer, in purfuance of an aft of the firfl year of the reign of his late Majesty King 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2, George the Firfy For enlarging the capital ftock and yearly fund c-31* of the South-Sea company, and by feveralfubfequent afts ofparliamenty the faid South-Sea company are intitledy either in the right of their prefent capitalfiocky or in truft for the proprietors of the capital flock of South'-Sea annuities, as the fame were divided into moieties, by an aft of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George gGeo.i. c. 6. the Firfl, to have and receive out of the feveral duties and revenues appropriated by the faid recited aft of the ninth year of her faid late Majefly 5 reigny and fuch fubfequent afts as aforjefaidy one annuity or yearly fund of four hundred thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and alfo the yearly allowance of eight thousand pounds for charges of managementy fubjeft to redemption by parliamenty on payment to them of the fum of ten millions, by any funis not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid 9&10W.5. late majefly King William the Thirdy intituledy An a61 for railing c*44-a fum not exceeding two millions upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annumy and for fettling the trade to the Eafl-lndieSy it was amongfl other things enaftedy That there flould be rafled, leviedy collefted and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors for every for fait, whether imported from foreign partSy or home madcy feveral additional rates and duties therein mentioned (over and above all other duties already payable for the famey by any aft or afts of parliament before that time madey and then in force) and the fame additional duties on falty together with certain additional duties on flampt vellumy parchment and papery therein mentioned or referred toy were charged with an annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds for payment pf annuities y after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum,

L 3	redeem*

Hosted by

Google

150	Anno tcrtio Georgii II. c.20.	[1730.

redeemable by parliament, to the fubfcribers of two millions, zV/ /wr-fua'ue of the fame at1: and whereas the faid annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds fill remains charged on the fame additional duties on fait, and famp duties, and is now payable to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, redeemable by parliament ^ on payment to the faid united com-pony of the capital fum or debt from the publick, of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; but the faid united company have agreed and confented to reduce the fame annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fix ty thousand pounds, from the twenty ninth day of September which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, to an annuity or yearly fum of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament, on fuch terms as are particularly expreffed in another aft of this prefent fejfion of parliament : and whereas by the articles of union between the kingdoms of England and Scotland, all the faid duties on fait were, from the times therein mentioned* to take place in Scotland (except the additional duty on home ?nade fait) with fome provifions for preventing fait made in Scotland from being brought into England, without 5&6W.&M. paying the faid additional duty on fait made in England; now we cv7#	your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of

Great Britain, having confidered how great a relief it would be to your  Majesty’s fubjecfts, to take off the duty impofed by the faid firft recited a6l on home made fait, and alfo to take off all the additional duties on fait, whether foreign or home made, impofed by the faid a£t of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, and being deft rous at the fame time to l'ecure the creditors of the publick from any injury and damage they may fuffer thereby, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the au-After i^Dec. thority of the fame, That from and after the. twenty fifth day of 1730. the du- December which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand macie^alt:tcf feven hundred and thirty, the duty of one penny half-penny per determine. gallon on fait and rock fait, made at the falt-works or taken out of any pits within this kingdom, which was granted by the faid a6t of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their late rhajefties King William and Queen Mary, and fince made perpetual, and alfo all the additional duties on fait, whether imported from foreign parts or home made, which were granted by the faid a61 of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, (hall ceafe, determine <Thsfe duties re- and be no longer paid or payable ; and then and from thence-rvivedfor 3 forth all the powers and authorities given or granted by any y**fs hy	a61 or a6ts of parliament for the levying, fecuring, colle&ing or

and'made 'per- recovering the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures relating petuadby thereto, and all provifions, regulations or reftridlions, relating 2,6 Geo. z. c.3. to the importing or bringing of fait made in Scotland into England ^ without paying the faid additional duty on fait, (hall ceafe,

deter**

5 Ann. c. 8. Article 8.



173°-]	Anno	tertio	Georgii IL c. 20;	151

.determine and not be put in execution, and then and from thenceforth the right or demand of any perfon or perfons, in purfuance of the faid recited ads or any of them, on his or their exporting beyond the feas any fait, for which the faid duties had been before fecured or paid, to have the fecurities for	©

the fame difcharged or the monies paid for the fame repaid, fhall alfo ceafe and determine, as to fo much of fuch fecurities or'payments, as were given or made for any of the duties by this ad to be determined, and that no drawbacks on account of fuch duties fo fecured or paid before the faid twenty fifth, day of December which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty (except for the duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fait impofed by the firft herein recited ad) (hall be made and allowed on any fait exported beyond the feas after that time.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained fhall Dut-es on extend or be conftrued to extend to determine the faid duty of foreign fait to three pence per gallon on fait not of the produd or manufadure continue.

of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, fo as aforefaid granted by the faid ad of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, and fince made perpetual; nor (hall the fame extend or be conflrued to extend to determine or make void any the provifions, rules or diredions, made or given by the faid ads or any of them, and now in force, for payment of the fame duty by the importers of fuch foreign fait upon the entry thereof, or for preventing the landing thereof before fuch entry made, or the fecuring the fame by bond with fufficicnt fureties, or for allowing the difcounts on paying the faid duty in ready money, or for allowances for drawbacks of the duties paid or fecured on the re-exporting the fame for foreign parts, or for making good any Ioffes or accidents that may happen in fuch fait after (hipping the fame for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coaffwife, or for afcertaining the weight in each bu(hel, by which the faid duty fhall be computed, or to determine or make vtiid any former ad or claufe relating to fhips or veffels laden with foreign fait found hovering on the coaft, or relating to fuch fait exported to Ireland, and landed there; but the fame and every of them (hall remain and be in as full force and virtue as they now are or would be if this ad had not been made, or as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duty of three pence per gallon on foreign What fhall be fait fhall extend only to fuch fait as is not the produd and ma-nufadure of fome part of the whole united kingdom of Great toieiSn 1 t# Britain, and that all fait of the produd or manufadure of that

part of Great Britain called Scotland (hall be exempted from the faid duty, as well as fait of the produd or manufadure of that part of Great Britain called England is exempted from the fame,

L 4	by



J$2	.Anno	tertio Georgii II. e. 20,	[1730,

by the defeription of the faid duty in the faid firft recited a6t which originally granted the fame.

Penalties, &c. IV. Provided alfo, and be it enadled by the authority afore-* abouf^foreT n	not^n§	herein	contained	(hall extend or be confirmed

fak to ^§n t0 extend to determine or make void any the penalties or forfeiting	hires	inftidled	or	impofed	by	the	faid	former	a£ts	or	any	of

them, and now in force, for any offences in the landing of fuch foreign fait before entry, or for any other frauds or abufes upon the re-exporting the fame, in relation to the drawbacks of duties which had been before paid upon the firft importing the fame, and afterwards relanding the fame in any part of Great Britain elandeitinely, or for any other offences againft the faid adls, in relation to the fame duty, nor to alter any provifions now in force for the diftribution of the faid penalties and forfeitures between his Majesty and the informers, when recovered, or the method of fuing for or recovering the fame, fave only that from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December which (hall be in the year of our lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the provifions for fuing for, recovering receiving or mitigating the fame, by the fame means, rules, ways and methods as any penalty or forfeiture is to be fued for or recoverable by any laws relating to the excife, (hall ceafe and determine; and then and from thenceforth the fame (hall be fued for, levied, recovered and received for any frauds or offences that (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, by adlion of debt, bill, fuit, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at IVejlminJier, and for any frauds or offences that (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, wherein no effoign, pro^ tedlion or wager of law (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

V.	Provided always. That in any cafes where any provifions are made by any former acts of parliament for fuing for, profe-before juft ices £Uting or recovering any penalties or forfeitures for any offences woton mue, or frauds in relation to the faid duties, before any two or more juftices of the peace, the fame powers or provifions for fuing for, profecuting or recovering the fame before fuch juftices of the peace, in relation to the faid duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fait, (hall continue in full force and be put in execution; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

A61 not to dT	-^rov^e^	That	nothing	in	this	aeft	contained	fhall

ch^r^pro-1 " extcnc^ or conftrued to extend to acquit, releafe or difeharge prietors of fait any importers or makers or proprietors of fait or rock fait from made before any duties due or to grow due for fait imported, or rock fait ta-25 Dec. 1730. ^-en 0ut 0f the pits, or fait made and removed, before the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, or any fecurities for the fame, or any penalties or forfeitures incurred, or to which any perfon or perfons was, were or (hall become liable for any frauds or offences in relation to the fa'id duties before that time 5 but the fame (hall remain due, pay-

how to be fued tor.

Fro fee ut ion for penalties



l53

Anno tertio GeorGII II. C. 20.

Treafury to continue after 25 Dec. officers for getting in arrears of fait duties.

Bounties on fifli exported continued.

able, fuable for and recoverable in the fame manner as they would have been if this act had not been made.

VII.	And be it declared and enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the lords commif-fioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or fhe lord high treafurer for the time being, to continue or appoint, for fome reafonable time, not exceeding in the whole eighteen months, after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, fuch and fo many officers of the fait duties, or other perfon or perfons as fhall be neceftary for the getting in, receiving and accounting for the duties on fait hereby determined, or any arrears or fecurities for the fame, which may be due at or after the faid twenty fifth day of December* one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and for recovering the penalties and forfeitures incurred before the faid time, with fuch reafonable allowances for the fame as may be thought neceftary.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority afore-faid, That nothing in this act contained fhall extend or be con-ftrued to extend, to repeal, determine or make void all or any of the bounties or allowances enacted or directed to be paid on the exportation of fifh from Great Britain, out of the duties on fait, by an act of the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft intituled. An at1 for recovering the credit of the Britifh fijhery in foreign p arts^ and for better fecuring the duties upon fait, but the fame fhall continue to be paid and payable on all fi(h exported, in fuch manner and upon fuch terms, and with and under fuch regulations, rules and inftructions as the fame would have been payable in cafe this act had not been made or any of the faid duties on fait had not ceafed and been determined.

IX.	Save only, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, How the That as to fuch of the faid bounties and allowances, as from bounties fhall and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand °e paid, feven hundred and thirty, fhall become due or payable for fifh

.cured in and exported from any port or ports in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berivick upon Tweed, the fame fhall be paid and payable.out of the monies arifen or to arife for fait remaining in the hands of the refpective collectors of the duties of fait or cuftoms in the port or ports where fuch fifh was exported, or in default thereof, out of the monies arifen or to arife, and remaining in the hands of the collectors of the cuftoms, or fubfidies, out of which the bounties or allowances for corn or other grain exported are now by law payable ; and in cafe the collectors of the cuftoms or the duties on fait in any out-port of that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berivick upon Tweedy fhall not have monies fufficient in their hands to pay the faid bounties or allowances arifing by the faid duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fair, or by monies arifjng by cu-•	ftoms,



The liberty of importing foreign fait for the Bri-ti(h fifhery continued.

5 Geo. i. c. 18.

Foreign fait imported to be under the commiffioners of the cuftoms.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20.	[1730.

ftoms, out of which the bounties on corn exported are payable, that then fuch collector or collectors fhall give to the exporter, or the perfon impowered to demand the fame (without fee or reward) a certificate under his hand, attefted by the comptroller of the fame out-port, of what is due to fuch exporter-for the fifli fo exported from fuch out-port, certifying to the comm if-fioners of the cuftoms in London, that he or they have not monies in his or their hands fufficient to pay the fame ; which certificate being affixed to the debenture for the fifih fo export-ed, and being produced to the faid commiffioners at London, they the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and required, on demand by the perfon that fhall bring the fame, to caufe the monies thereby due to be paid in three months by the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms for the time being (without fee or reward) out of fuch monies in his hands, arifing by the faid duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fait, or by fuch cuftoms or duties as are chargeable with the payment of the bounty for the exportation of corn or grain, in like manner as the debentures for the bounty on corn or grain exported are now paid or payable; and as to fuch of the faid bounties and allowances as fhall become due or payable for fifh cured in and exported from any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame fhall continue to be paid or payable in the fame manner and out of the fame duties and revenues arifing in that part of the faid united kingdom, as the fame are now payable there by any law or laws now in being; any thing in this aft before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That as to fuch of the duties heretofore granted on foreign fait imported, and not by this aft determined, the fame liberty of importing the fame, for the ufe of the Britijh fifhery free from the faid duty of three pence per gallon, and the fame powers or obligations for locking up, delivering and accounting for the fame for the curing of fifh to be exported, and the fame penalties and forfeitures for any offences therein, as was or were granted or enafted by the faid aft of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George the Firft,'and the fame means and methods for executing, fuing for, profecuting or recovering the fame, except only what relates therein to the laws of excife, fhall continue and remain in force in as full and ample manner as they would have been if this aft had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-withfianding.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the management of the levying, collecting, receiving, recovering or fecuring the duty on foreign fait imported, hereby continued, fhall be under the care of*the commiffioners and officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms for the time being,

in



1730.] Anno tertlo Georgii II. c.20.	155

ia the fame manner and form as the cuftoms or duties arifing by

the aeft of tunnage and poundage, of the twelfth year of the

reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, or by any o- 12 Car. 2.C.4..

ther law relating to the cuftoms, are managed, levied, collected

or accounted for, the neceflary charges of management being

firft deducted > any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftand-

ing.

XII.	Provided always, That fuch commiflioners of his Ma- Commiflioners jefty’s cuftoms, or their under officers, as (hall be in thefcpoffef- and officers fion or execution of their feveral offices at the tinie when the ll^1eec|nto laid duties (hall firft come under their care or management, (hall Selves on that not on that account only be obliged to qualify themfelves again, account only, as the laws require all perfons to do, that accept any new office

or place of profit or truft under the crown, fo as they have before that time duly qualified themfelves for their refpedlive offices they fhall then be in the poffeffion or execution of; nor fhall they or any of them be liable to or incur any penalties, forfeitures or difabilities for their omitting the fame on that oc-cafion.

XIII.	And whereas by two feveral acts of parliament made in the

eighth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the'Firft * For g Ge0t t c ^ talcing off the duty upon all fait uled in curing of red herrings &	’	*

or white herrings, and for laying proportionable duties on fuch herrings confumed at home only, one duty or rate of one Jhilling and eight pence per thousand was laid on all red herrings cured pro-riiifcuoufly with red herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confumption; and another duty or rate of three Jhillings and four pence per barrel was laid on all white herrings cured promifcuoufly with white herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confumption ; and in each of the faid dfts there is a provifiton, that in cafe the duties ofexcife on fait (ivbicb then amounted to three Jhillings and four pence per bujhel on home made fait, aridfix flnllings and eight pence per bujhel on foreign fait) or any of them Jhould ceafe determine or be redeemed by parliament, then the refpeftive rates and duties thereby impofed Jhould ceafe or be lefjcited in proportion to the.duties on falts that Jhould fo ceafe, determine or be abated.

XIV.	And whereas in confequence.of this prefent aff? four parts in five of the whole of the Jaid duties on fait, both home made and foreign, computed together, will ceafe, determine and be abated from the twenty fifth day ^December one thousand feven hundred and thirty ; be it therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That a proportional part or parts of the faid feveral rates and duties impofed by the laft mentioned acts on red herrings and white herrings delivered out for home confumption, that is to fay, four parts in five of each of them fhall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, ceafe, determine or be abated, fo that the duties or rates on fuch red or white herrings (hall from thenceforth be charged only after the rate of four pence for every thousand of fuch red herrings, and of eight pence for every barrel of fuch

white



15 6

4<b pei* t,ooo of red herrings, and 8 d. per barrel of white herrings.

On oath of the curer of herrings, that they were cured only with home made fait, no ko duty to be paid.

S Geo. i. c. 4*

ua, 16.

4 Ann. c. S. Art. S.

5 Ann, c. 29.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20.	[1730.

white herrings; and the faid reduced duties (hall be paid and payable to the proper officers of the cuffoms in the manner as before is directed concerning the duty on foreign fait; and in all other refpeds the feveral provifions in the fame ads, in relation to the faid duties or rates, are hereby ratified and confirmed.

XV.	Provided always, That if the maker or curer of fuch red or white herrings or Home confumption, at the time for making the entry direded by both .the faid ads of the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft (in order to have the cafks and veffels containing the fame, marked, and a permit from the officer for the removal thereof) (hall make oath in writing before the officer to be appointed for receiving the faid entry (which oath the faid officer is hereby im-powered to adminifler) that the red or white herrings then en-tred for home confumption were cured only with fait of the produd or manufadure of Great Britain, without any mixture of foreign fait whatsoever, then and in fuch cafe the faid red or white herrings fhall not be charged with any duty at all; but neverthelefs the cafks or veffels containing the fame fhall be marked, and fuch permit fhall be given by the officer for the removal thereof, as the faid ads dired, fave only that inftead of expreffing in fuch permit, that the duties had been paid for fuch red or white herrings, the fame (hall exprefs that fuch oath had been made as is before direded ; and if it fhall afterwards appear, that the faid red or white herrings, fo as aforefaid permitted to be removed without paying any duty, were cured with foreign fait or any mixture thereof, the maker or curer thereof fliall (o-t ver and befides the penalties or punilhments which he may fuf-fer by law for falfe fwearing or perjury) be alfo liable to all the penalties and forfeitures which are by the faid lad mentioned ads refpedively laid or impofed on any offenders, that (hall remove red or white herrings without entry, or not paying the faid duties.

XVI.	And whereas by the eighth article of the treaty of union between the kingdoms ^England and Scotland, it zvas (amongf other things relating to the duties on fait, ivhich Scotland was after the u-nion to be liable to) agreed, That from and after the union there Jhould be allowed five /killings ferling for every barrel of beef or pork falted with foreign fait, without mixture of Britifh or Iriffi fait, and exported for file from Scotland to parts beyond fea, alterable by the parliament of Great Britain; and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of her faid late majefy Jfiueen Anne, intituled, An ad for the eafe of her  Majesty’s fubjeds, in relation to the duties upon fait, and for making the ljke allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, fle(h, oatmeal and grain called beer, alias bigg, as are made upon exportation of the like from Scotland, it'was amongf other things enafted\ That for every barrel of falted beef or pork which Jhould be exported for file from any port of the kingdom ^England, dominion of W ales or toivn ^Berwick upon Tweed, to pai'ts beyond the feas, after the firji day of May one thoufajid fevet) hundred and fey$n> by any p erf on



*57

1730-]	Anno	tertio Georgii II. c. 20.

perfons whatsoever, ffo/v Jhould be for each barrel the like alloiv-rfj dr<? to be allowed on fuch beef and pork exported from Scotland, to be paid out of the duties on fait: and whereas the granting to Scotland the faid allowance on the exportation of beef or pork falted with foreign fait only, to which they were immediately after the union to become liable, and the granting the fame allowance to England, was to preferve an equality of trade in both the kingdoms, when unit-ed y but as in confequence of this aft^ feven parts in ten of the duties on foreign fait will be taken off or be abated, it is reafonable alfo that the faid allowances fhould on that account be reduced and abated alfo; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the faid allowances of five (hillings per barrel on the exportation of falted beef or pork exported for fale, from any part of Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, (hall be reduced to an allowance of one (hilling and fix pence per barrel, and no more, on all beef or pork falted with foreign fait only, without any mixture of Britijfh or Irifh fait, to be paid out of the fame duties or revenues, and in the fame manner as the bounties or allowances on fi(h exported are hereby before directed to be paid,

XVII.	And whereas by an a£l paffed in the fourth andfifth years of their faid late majefies King William and hffueen Mary, an additional impofi of five flnllings per wey was laid on fait imported (except fuch fait as fhall be ufed in curing of fifh) and there being no pro-vifton made to afcertain the quantity of fait that may be fo ufed; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the faid duty of five (hillings per wey on foreign fait fhall be paid and accounted for in the like manner and form, and fubjedl to the fame rules and regulations as the faid duty of three pence per gallon on fait fhall be paid and accounted for by this a6t j any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day 01 December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, no foreign fait fhall be imported from parts beyond the feas in any (hip or vel-fel of lefs burden than forty tuns, and in bulk only, (except for the necefiary provifions of the (hips) upon pain of forfeiting the faid fait and double the value thereof, to be recovered of the perfon importing the fame : provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal, determine or any ways alter the powers granted by the faid a£t of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late ma-jefty King JVilliam the Third to the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and the feveral juftices of the peace in in their feveral counties throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Benvick upon Tweed, to fetfrom time to time the rates and prices at which fait (hall be fold, but the fame (hall continue and remain in full force and efiedt, the

de^-

Allowance for falted beef or pork exported reduced to i s. 6 d. per barrel.

4. Sc 5 W. & M. c. 5.

After 25 Dec. 1730, the import: of 5 s. per wey on fait how to be paid.

Foreign fait not to be imported in any rtiip lefs than 4.0 tuns.

The powers granted to the lord mayor, &c. to fet the prices on fait continued.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

158	Anno	tertlo	GeoRgii II. c.20.	[1730;

determining any of the faid duties on fait or any other thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And whereat after the ceafing of the faid duties on fait, many of the officers and other perfons employed i:i the management of the faid duties, may he difquieted with profecutions and actions for what they may have done in the due execution of their refpefiive of-

Noprofecution fceSf be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no profecu-fifers after 2* ^on or ac^on fr°m and after the twenty fifth day of March March 1731V one thousand feven hundred and thirty one be brought or commenced by any perfon or perfons whatsoever, againft any officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons employed in the faid revenue, for any thing done by him or them in the execution of his or their offices or employments in the faid revenue.

XX.	And for the preventing or remedying any injury or damage which may happen to the governor and company of merchants of England trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fiffiery, in refpedt of the diminution of the produce of the duties and revenues, fo as afore-faid charged with their annuity or yearly fund of four hundred thousand pounds, and their faid annual allowance of eight thousand pounds for charges of management, by the ceafing and determining the duties on home made fait, included therein; be

Quarterly de- it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe at the end of ficiencies of any one quarter of a year, to be computed at each and every of the South-Sea tbe four moft ufua] quarters of a year, from the feaft day of the an-uufty*to^be**" nunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary in the year of our Lord made good out one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the produce into the ex-of the aggre- chequer of the monies arifing from the feveral duties and reve-gate fund. nues, appropriated particularly to difcharge the annuity or al-*	lowance for charges of management to the faid South-Sea com-

pany, in refpecl of their original capital ftock of ten millions, fhall not be fufficient, together with the prefent provifions by parliament, for making good any quarterly deficiencies therein, to difcharge the quarter’s annuity and allowance that (hall then be due in refpecft of the faid ten millions, or fo much thereof as fhall be unredeemed, then, and in every fuch cafe, the fame (hall from time to time be made good out of any monies which, at the refpedlive times of fuch deficiencies happening, fhall be and remain in the exchequer, of the monies arifen or to arife for the duties and revenues commonly called The aggregate/&v^/,eftabli filed by an a<5t of the third year of the reign of his late Majesty 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. King George the Firfi, which (hall be more than fufficient to anfwer, pay and fatisfy what will then be due and demandable for any prior charges and incumbrances on the faid aggregate fund.

XXI.	And for the preventing and remedying any injury or damage which may happen to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-lndies, in refpedt of'the diminution that may happen in the produce of the duties and revenues, fo as aforefaid charged with their prefent annuity or fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds per annum, by the ceafing and

de-



*59

i 730.] Anno tertio GeoRGii II. C.20.

determining the before mentioned additional duties on fait, before or until the faid intended reduction of their faid prefent annuity or yearly fund fhall take place, and the fame reduced annuity or yearly fund be charged upon new duties and revenues with their confent, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, The ^eficien-That in cafe at the end of any one quarter of a year, to be com- cies to the puted from the feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Eaft-India' Mary in the year of Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, company out until fuch intended redu&ion (hall take place, and fuch new fe-	am&

curity be provided for, the faid reduced annuity or yearly fund, the produce into the exchequer of the monies arifing from the faid additional duties on fait, and the faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, fo as aforefaid particularly charged with the prefent annuity or fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, payable to the faid united company, ' x fhall not be fufficient, together with the prefent provifions by parliament for making good the deficiencies thereon, to difcharge the quarter’s annuity that fhall be then due to them; then and in every fuch cafe, and as often as the fame fhall happen, fuch quarterly deficiencies fhall from time to time be made good out of any monies which at the refpedtive times of fuch deficiencies fhall be and remain in the exchequer, of the monies arifen or to arife for the faid duties and revenues commonly called The aggregate fund, which fhall be more than fufficient to anfwer, pay and fatisfy what will then be due or demandable for ariy prior charges-or incumbrances on the faid aggregate fund.

XXII.	And be it ehadted by the authority aforefaid, That from After 2 Se t and after the twenty ninth day of September which fhall be in the In-* the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, in dia company’s cafe the faid intended redudlion of the faid annuity or fund of one reduced an-hundred and fixty thousand pounds fo as aforefaid payable to the faid ^dout^f C united company fhall then take place, then and from thenceforth aggregate fuch reduced annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty fund? eight thousand pounds fhall be transferred from the feveral duties and revenues now charged with the faid prefent annuity or

yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, and be charged upon and payable out of the monies arifen or to arife into the exchequer from time to time, for the faid feveral duties and revenues compofing the aggregate fund, to be paid and payable to the faid united company or their fucceffors, by fuch and the like quarterly payments as their prefent annuity or yearly fund is now payable, fubject neverthelefs to fuch redemption by-parliament as is or fhall be enadted by any other a 61 of this prefent feffion of parliament, and fubjedl to fuch prior charges and incumbrances as are or fhall be made by parliament on the growing produce of the faid aggregate fund, before the taking place of fuch reduction.

XXIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That

From and after fuch time as the faid reduced annuity or yearly ^d^ltdlf1^8 fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds fhall charged there-become charged on the faid aggregate fund, then and from from.

6	thence-



160	Anno	tertia	Georgii	II. c.2g [1730*

thenceforth the faid additional duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper fo as aforelaid charged, together with the faid additional duties on fait, with their faid prefent annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds fhall be difcharged therefrom, and alfo from the faid reduced annuity or yearly fund and every part thereof, and (ball be deemed a faving to the publick by fuch reduction as aforefaid, and fhall go and be applied to fuch ufes, and for fuch purpofes as by any other a6t of this prefent feflion of parliament, or any future abl or abtsof parliament are or lhall be from time to time diredted or appointed concerning the fame.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be itena&ed, That if any per-fon or perfons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing done or executed in purfuance of this act or any of the

General iffue before recited afts, he or they (hall and may plead the general enera i u .	an(j	gjve	t]1js a& 0r any of the faid before recited a<5ts in

evidence for his defence; and if upon the trial a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXV.	And whereas hy the high tides or overflowing of the river Mercy at Bank Key in the county of Lancafler, in the months of September, October, November and December one thousand feven hundred and twenty four, nine hundred fixty fix hujhels of rock fait or thereabouts, belonging to Matthew Page late of Warrington in the faid county of Lancafler, deceafed, was confumed, and for fe~ curing the payment of the duty whereof bonds were given by him or feme perfon or perfons on his behalf which bonds have been flnce paid off and difcharged: and ivhereas the faid Matthew Page is flnce dead, and Matthew Lyon of Warrington aforefaid is his executor and reprefentative: now for the relief of the faid Matthew Lyon, in refpecft of the duty fo paid or fecured to be paid, for fo much of the faid fait as was loft and confumed as aforefaid, be it enacft-

Salvo for Mat- ec^ the authority aforefaid, That for and in confideration of thew Lyon of t^e duty paid or fecured to be paid for the faid nine hundred fix-Warrington. ty (ix bufhels of rock fait fo loft and confumed as aforefaid,- it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Matthew Lyon to export or difpofe of fo much rock fait, duty-free, as the duty paid or fecured to be paid, for the faid nine hundred fixty fix bufhels did amount unto; any a£t or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXL

An aft for repairing and amending the feveral roads leading from Wood-ftock through Kiddington and Enftan to Roll-Right Lane, and from:' Endow Bridge to Kiddington aforefaid in the county of Oxon.

The tolls took place the 20th day of May 1730, and are to have continuance for 21 years. Continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. zi*

CAP*,



wd

Anno teftio GEorGH II. C. 22,- 25.

CAP. XXII.

An a£t for amending the afts therein mentioned relating to the making of bricks. EXP.

Bricks made of brick earth and fea coal alhes,may be burnt in clamps, and mixed with breeze. Brickmakers liable to the penalties in 12 Geo. 1. c. 35. and z Geo. 2. c. 15. Claufes in the former a6ts, not hereby altered, continued fo long as the faid adls are.

CAP. XXIII.

An a£t for amending and making more effe&ual an adl made in the fecond and third years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An aff

for the erecting a 'workhonfe in the city of Worcefter, and for fetting the poor on <work there.

After 1 June 1730, theadl 2 & 3 Annaec. 8. continued, and the workhoufe.

Sec. fettled on the guardians after 9 June 1730. Rates for the poor not to exceed what has been paid in any of the three years laft paft. Guardians not obliged to qualify themfelves. Guardians may eredt feperate work-houfes j may leafe out the prefent workhoufe, &c. Poor not maintained in the large workhoufe to be provided for in their refpedtive pariihes. Saving to the mayor, See. their hop market.

CAP. XXIV.

An adt for making a new road, and for repairing and amending the anti-ent road between the towns of Wifbech and March, in the ifle of Ely in the county of Cambridge.

The toll took place the frit day of May 1730, and is to have continuance for 21 years. Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for the letter regulation of juries.

WHEREAS many evil proffices have been ufed in corrupting of jurors returned for the trial of ijjiies joined to. be tried before the juftices of afize or Nifi prius, and the judges of the great 4Geo, 2, c. 7. fejftons in Wales, and the judge or judges of the feffions for the counties palatine of Lancafter, Che Her or Durham, and many ne-gleffs and abufes have happened in making up the lifts of freeholders, who ought to ferve on fuch trials, and many perfons being lawfully fummoned to ferve on juries have negleffed to appear, to the great injury of many perfons in their properties and eflates \ in order to prevent the like practices, negiedts and abufes : be itena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Lifts of jurors That from and after the firft day of September one thoufand	^ct~h

feven hundred and thirty, the perfon or perfons required by aft 7^8	3!

a ftatute made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of c. 32.	*	*

his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An at7 for the'eafe of jurorand better regulating of juries, and by a claufe in another adl made in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An aff for making perpetual an aff and 3	Ann,

for the more eafy recovery of fmall tithes; and alfo an aff for the more c. 18. eofy obtaining partition of lands in coparcenary, joint tenancy and tenancy in common\ and alfo for making more ejfeffual and amending VoL. XVI. '	M	fverd

Hosted by 30gle

Anno tertio Georgii II.

and yearly fixed upon church doors.

c.25.

fcvcral atts relating to the return of jurors, to give in, or who are by virtue of this a el to make up, true lifts in writing of the names of perfons qualified to ferve on juries, in order to aflift them to to be made complete fuch lifts, purfuant to the intent of the faid aCl, fliall l°om the rates (uPon requeft by him or them made to any parifh officer or offi-in each parilb, cers who (hall have in his or their cuftody any of the rates for the poor or land tax in fuch parifti or place) have free liberty to infpedl fuch rates, and take from thence the name or narfies of fuch freeholders, copyholders or other perfons qualified to ferve on juries, dwelling within their refpe&ive parishes or precin&s for which fuch lift is to be given in and returned, purfuant to the faid aCls; and (hall yearly and every year, twenty days at leaft before the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, upon two or more Sundays, fix upon the door of the church, chapel and every other publick place of religious worfhip within their refpecftive pre-cinCls, a true and exaCt lift of all fuch perfons intended to be returned to the quarter-feffions of the peace, as qualified to ferve on juries, purfuant to the directions of the faid aCl, and leave at the fame time a duplicate of fuch lift with a churchwarden, chapelwarden or overfeer of the poor of the faid parifh or place,, to be perufed by the parifhioners without fee or reward, to the end that notice rnay be given of perfons fo qualified who are o-mitted, or of perfons inferted by miftake who ought to be omit-ed out of fuch lifts ; and if any perfon or perfons, not being qualified to ferve on juries, fhall find his or their name or names mentioned in fuch lift, and the perfon or perfons required to make fuch lift fhall reftife to omit him or them, or think it doubtful whether he or they ought to be omitted, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for the county, riding or divifion at their refpedlive general quarter-feftions, to which the faid lifts fhall be fo returned, upon fatisfadlion from the oath of the party complaining, or other proof, that he is not qualified to ferve on juries, to order his or their name or names to be ftruck out or omitted in fuch lift, when the fame fhall be entred in the book to be kept by the clerk of the peace for that purpofe, purfuant to the faid a Cl.

II. And be it further enacfted, That if any perfon or perfons required by the faid ads to return or give in, or by virtue of this aCt to make up any fuch lift, or concerned therein, fhall wilfully nutting or in- om\i 0ut 0f any fuch Jift any perfon or perfons whofe name or

^erfons 'for- ^ names ought to be inferted, or fhall wilfully infert any perfon or per ons, 1 perfons who ought to be omitted, or fliall take any money or o-ther reward for omitting or inferting any perfon whatsoever, he or they fo offending fhall, for every perfon fo omitted or inferted in fuch lift, contrary to the meaning of this acl, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence, upon conviClion before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding or divifion where fuch offender fhall dwell, upon the con-feffion of the offender, or proof by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes on oath, one half thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other half to the poor of fuch parifh or place for which

the

Perfons not qualified may be relieved at the quarter-i'eilions.

Wilfully o-

feits 20s.



i?30-] Anno tertio GeorgiI II. C.2j*	i

the faid lift is returned; and in cafe fuch penalty (hall not be paid within five days after fuch convidtion, the fame fhall be levied by diftrels and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant or warrants from one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, returning the overplus, if any there be ; and the faid juftice or juftices, before whom fuch perfon fhall be convicted of fuch offence, fhall, in writing under their hands, certify the fame to the juftices at their next general quarter-feftions which fhall be held for the county in which the perfon or perfons fo omitted or inferted fhall dwell, which juftices fhall diredt the clerk of the peace for the time being to infert or ftrike out the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall by fuch certificate appear to have been omitted or inferted in fuch lifts, contrary to the meaning of this adt; and Duplicates of duplicates of the faid lifts, when delivered in at the quarter- JranfSttecfto feftions of the peace, and entred in fuch book to be kept by the the clerk of the peace for that purpofe, fhall, during the continuance of fuch quarter-feftions, or within ten days after, be delivered or tranfmitted by the clerk of the peace to the fherifF of each refpedfive county, or his under fheriff, in order for his returning of juries out of the faid lifts; and fuch fheriff or under fheriff fhall immediately take care, that the names of the perfons contained in fuch duplicates fhall be faithfully entred alphabetically, with their additions and places of abode, in fome book or books to be kept by him or them for that purpofe; and that every clerk of the peace neglecting his duty therein fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall inform or profecute for the fame, until the party be thereof convicted upon an indictment before the juftices of the peace at any general quarter-feftions of the peace to be holden for the fame county, riding, divifton or precinct.

III. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any fheriff, un- penait n der fheriff, bailiff or other officer to whom the return of juries (heriff, &c. re;-Ihall belong, fhall fummon and return any perfon or perfons to turning any ferve on any jury in any caufe to be tried before the juftices of Perfon. wh°ff aflize or Nift prius, or judges of the faid great feftions, or the duplicate!1 judge or judges of the feftions for the faid counties palatine, whole name is not inferted in the duplicates fo delivered or tranfmitted to him or them by fuch clerk of the peace, if any fuch duplicate fhall Clerk ?f afilze be delivered or tranfmitted, or if any clerk of aftize, judge’s affoci- rea°4ncef ate or other officer (hall record the appearance of any perfon fo fum- l^hendi/par-moned and returned as aforefaid, who did not really and truly ap- ty did not appear, then and in fuch cafe any judge or juftice of aftize or Nift Pear>to prim, or judge or judges of the faid great feftions, or the judge or judges of the feftions for the faid counties palatine, fhall and may, upon examination in a fummary way, fet fuch fine or fines upon fuch fheriff or under fheriff, clerk of the aftize, judge’s affociate or other officer, for every fuch perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid, and for every perfon whofe appearance fhall be fo falily recorded, as»the faid judge or juftice of aftize, Nift prius, or of the faid great feftions, or the judge or judges of the feftions for the faid counties palatine fhall think meet, not exceeding ten pounds, and not lefs than forty (hillings.

M 2	IV. And



Juftices of af-fize, See. may fine lheriff, &c for returning jurors irregularly.

names of thofe who have ferved:

And give cer tificates.

t€>4	Anno	teitio	Gegrgii II. c.25.'	[173©.’

IV,	And for preventing abufes by fheriffs, under Sheriffs* bailiffs or other officers concerned in the fummoning or returning of jurors; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfons (ball be returned as jurors to ferve on trials at any affizes or Nifi prius, or at the faid great feffions, or at the feffions for the faid counties palatine, who have ferved within the fpace of one year before in the county of Rutland, or four years in the' county of York> or of two years before in any other county, not being a county of a city or town; and if any fuch fheriff Shall wilfully tranfgrefs therein, any judge or juftice of affize or Nifi prius, or of the faid great feffions, or the judge or judges of the feffions for the faid counties palatine, may and is hereby required on examination and proof of fuch offence, in a fummary way, to fet a fine or fines upon every fuch offender as he (hall think meet, not exceeding five pounds for any one offence.

Sheriff, See. to V. And be it further enadied, That the fheriff, under (heriff enter the or other officer to whom the return of juries (hall belong, fhall from time to time enter or regifter in a book to be kept for that purpose the names of fuch perfons as fhall be fummoned, and Shall ferve as jurors on trials at any affizes or Nifi prius, or in the faid courts of great feffions, or feffions for the faid counties palatine, together with their additions and places of abode al-phabetically, and alfo the times of their fervices ; and every per-fon fo fummoned and attending or ferving as aforefaid, fhall (upon application by him made to fuch fheriff, under fheriff or other officer) have a certificate teftifying fuch his attendance or fervice done, which certificate the faid fheriff, under fheriff or other officer is hereby directed and required to give without fee or reward; and the faid book fhall be tranfmitted by fuch fheriff, under fheriff or other officer, to his or their fucceffor or fucceffors, from time to time.

VI.	And be it further enaefted-, That no fheriff, under She-^ riff, bailiff or other officer or perfon whatsoever, fhall diredtly or

fiXom^fervir)0nS *nc^re(friy ta^e or receive any money or other reward to excufe ' m ervin£' any perfon from ferving or being fummoned to ferve on juries, or under that colour or pretence, and that no bailiff or other officer appointed by any fheriff or under fheriff to fummon juries, fhall fummon any perfon to ferve thereon other than fuch whole name is fpecified in a mandate figned by fuch fheriff or under fheriff, and directed to fuch bailiff or other officer; and if any fheriff, under fheriff, bailiff or other officer fhall wilfully tranfgrefs in any the cafes aforefaid, any judge or juftice of affize, Nifi prius or great feffions aforefaid, or the judge or judges of the feffions for the faid counties palatine, may and is hereby required, on examination and proof of fuch offence, in a fummary way, to fet a fine or fines upon any perfon or perfons fo Penalty. offending as he fhall think meet, not exceeding ten pounds, according to the nature of the offence.

VII.	And whereas by the fiaid aft of the feventh and eighth yearst of the reign of his late majefiy King William the Third, and alfo by another aft made in the third and fourth year's of the reign of

kit

No money to be taken to



J730-] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 25.

Az/* Majesty Queen Anne, all conftables > tythingmen and headboroughs .are obliged to give in true lifts at the refpe Stive general quart er-fejfi-ons of the peace holden for each county, riding or divifion, of the names and places of all perjons within their refpeStive precinils or places qualified to ferve on juries, to the jufiices of the peace in open courts which hath by experience been found inconvenient and expenfive to feveral conftables, tythingmen and headborougbs, fuch quart er-fejfions being often held at a great diftance from their abode: for remedy, whereof be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and Conltables, after the faid firft day of September one thousand feven hundred to Tub-and thirty, it fhall be lawful and fufficient for all or any con-ftables, tythingmen or headboroughs after they fhall have made j^ftjceSj Qrn and compleated fuch lifts of perfons qualified to ferve on juries oath, &c. for their refpedtive parifhes or precindts, according to the manner directed by the before mentioned adts and this prefent adl, to fubfcribe the fame in the prefence of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for each refpedtive county or place, and alfo at the fame time to atteft the truth of fuch lifts upon oath to the beft of their knowledge or belief, which oath fuch juftice or juftices refpe&ively are hereby impowered and required to ad-minifter ; and the faid lifts fhall (being firft figned by the faid juftices refpedtively, before whom the fame fhall be attefted on oath, and fubfcribed as. aforefaid) be delivered by the faid conftables, tythingmen or headboroughs to the chief or high conftables of the hundreds or divifions whereunto the fame fhall refpediively belong, who are hereby directed and required to deliver in fuch lifts to the juftices of the peace for the county, riding or divifion at their refpeclive general quarter-feftions in open court, attefting at the fame time upon oath their receipt of fuch lifts from the conftables, tythingmen or headboroughs re-fpedtively, and that no alteration hath been therein made fince their receipt thereof; and the faid lifts, fo delivered in and attefted, fhall be deemed as effectual, as if they had been delivered in by the conftables, tythingmen or headboroughs for their re-fpedtive parifhes or precinds.

VIII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid„ sheriff, Sec. on That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thou- return of writs fand feven hundred and thirty, every fheriff or other officer to °f Vemre fr-whom the return of the Venire facias jurat ores, or other procefs ^pane^of1^ for the trial of caufes before juftices of affize or Nifi prius in jurors, &c. any county in England, doth or fhall belong, fhall, upon his return of every fuch writ of Venire facias (unlefs in caufes intended to be tried at bar, or in cafes where a fpecial jury fhall be ftruck by order or rule of court) annex a panel to the faid writ, containing the chriftian and fur-names, additions and places of abode of a competent number of jurors named in fuch lifts as qualified to ferve on juries, the names of the fame perfons to be inferted in the panel annexed to every Venire facias, for the trial of all iftues at the fame affizes in each refpedlive county ; which number of jurors fhall be not lefs-than forty eight in any county, nor more than feventy two, without direction of the

M 3	judges



A

i 65	Anno	tertio Georgii II. c. 25.

judges appointed to go the circuit and fit as judges of affize or Nifi prius in fuch county, or one of them, who are hereby re-fpedlively impowered and required, if he or they fee caufe, by order under his or their refpecftive hand or hands, to diredl 3 greater or leffer number, and then fuch number, as fhall be fo directed (hall be the number to ferve on fuch jury ; and that the writs of Habeas corpora juratorum, or Difiringas, fubfequent to fuch writ of Venire facias juratores^ need not have inferted in the bodies of fuch refpedlive writs the names of alJ the perfons contained in fuch panel, but it (hall be fufficient to infert in the mandatory part of fuch writs refpe&ively, Corpora feparalium perfonarum in panello huic brevi annexo nominatarum, or words of the like import, and to annex to fuch writs refpecftively panels containing the fame names as were returned in the panel to fuch Venire facias, with their additions and places of abode, that the parties concerned in any fuch trials may have timely notice of the jurors who are to ferve at the next affizes, in order to make their challenges to them, if there be caufe; and that for the making the returns and panels aforefaid, and annexing the fame to the refpedlive writs, no other fee or fees fhall be taken than what are now allowed by law to be taken for the return of the like writs and panels annexed to the fame; and that the perfons named in fuch panels fhall be fummoned to ferve on juries at the then next affizes or feffions of Nifi prius for the rer fpedlive counties to be named in fuch writs, and no other. Return of ju- IX. And be it further enaded, That every fheriff or other rors in Wales, officer, to whom the^return of juries for. the trial of caufes iq the court of grand feffions in any county of Wales do or fhall belong, fhall, at lead eight days before every grand feffions, fummon a competent number of perfons qualified to ferve on juries, out of every hundred and commote within every fuch county, fo as fuch number be not lefs than ten or more than fifteen, without the directions of the judge or judges of the grand feffions held for fuch county, whp is and are hereby im-7 powered, if he or they fhall fee caufe, by rule or order of-court, to diredt a greater or lefier number to be fummoned out of dve-ry fuch hundred and commote refpedlively; and that the faid officer and officers who fhall fummon fuch perfons, fhall return a lift containing the chriftian and furnames, additions and places of abode of the perfons fo fummoned to ferve on juries, the firft: Court of the fecond day of every grand feffions ; and that the perfons fo fummoned or a competent number of them, as the judge or judges of fuch grand feffions fhall diredl, and qo other, fhall be named in every panel to be annexed to every writ of Venire facias jurat ores, Habeas corpora jurat arum, and Difiringas, that fhall be iffiied out and returnable for the trial of caufes iq fuch grand feffions. and counties X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That palatine of every fheriff or other officer to whom the return of the Venire Chefter, Lan- facias jurat ores, or other procefs for the trial of caufes before the Durham^ juftices of tfye courts or feffions to be held for the counties pala-



173°*] Anno tertio Georgii II. 0.25,	167

tine of Cbejlery Lancafler or Durham doth belong, (hall, fourteen days at the lead before the faid courts or feflions fhall refpe&ive-ly be held, fummon a competent number of perfons qualified to ferve on juries, fo as fuch number be not lefs than forty eight nor more than feventy two, without the dire&ion of the judge or judges of the courts or feflions to be held for fuch counties palatine refpedlively, and (hall, eight days at the lead before fuch courts or feflions (hall refpe£tively be held, make or caufe a lid to be made of the perfons fo fummoned to ferve on juries, containing their chridian and furnames, additions and places of abode; and the lid fo made fhall forthwith be publickly hung up in the fherifFs office, to be infpedted and read by any per fori or perfons whatfoever; and that the perfons named in fuch lid and no other, fhall be fummoned to ferve on juries at the next courts or feflions to be held for the faid refpe6live counties palatine; and the faid fheriff or other officer is hereby required to return fuch lid on the fird day of the court or feflions to be held for the faid counties palatine refpedtively; and the perfons fo fummoned, or a competent number of them, as the judge or judges of fuch courts or feflions refpecdively fhall direcd, and no other, fhall be named in every panel to be annexed to every writ of Venire facias jurat or es^ Habeas corpora jurat or um and Di-Jir'mgaSy that fhall be ifliied out and returnable for the trial of caufes in fuch courts or feflions refpe&ively.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Names of per-That the name of each and every perfon who (hall be fummon- fons impanelled and impanelled as aforefaid, with his addition, and the place ed to be. ^nt> of his abode, fhall be written in feveral and didincd pieces of to the parchment or paper, being all as near as may be, of equal fize marfhal of the and bignefs, and fhall be delivered unto the marfhal of fuch aflize, and judge of aflize or Niji prius, or of the faid great feflions, or of Put in a box the feflions for the faid counties palatine, who is to try the e drawn> caufes in the faid county, by the under fheriff of the faid county, or fome agent of his ; and fhall by direction and care of fuch marfhal be rolled up all as near as may be, in the fame manner, and put together in a box or glafs to be provided for that purpose 5 and when any caufe fhall be brought on to be tried, fome indifferent perfon, by direction of the court, may and fhall in open court draw out twelve of the faid parchments or papers one after another; and if any of the perfons whofe names fhall be fo drawn, fhall not appear, or be challenged and fet afide, then fuch further number, until twelve perfons be drawn who fhall appear, and after all caufes of challenge fhall be allowed as fair and indifferent; and the faid twelve perfons fo firft drawn and appearing, and approved as indifferent, their names being marked in the panel, and they being fworn, fhall be the jury to try the faid caufe; and the names of the perfons fo drawn and fworri fhall be kept apart by themfelves in fome Other box or glafs to be kept for that purpofe, till fuch jury fhall have given in their verdicff, and the fame is recorded, or until fuch jury fhall, by confent of the parties or leave of the court, be difcharged \ and then the fame names fhall be rolled up again

M 4	and



Penalty on defaulters.

Method in cafe of view.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c.25.	[173o.

and returned to the former box or glafs, there to be kept with the other names remaining at that time undrawn, and fo toties quoties, as long as any cadfe remains then to be tried.

Where the 'u XII. Provided always, That if any caufe (hall be brought on ry have not t0 tried in anY .°f faid courts r effectively, before the jury brought in_ in any other caufe fhall have brought in their verdidl, or be dif-their verdict, charged, it (hall and may be lawful for the court to order twelve ^veofher5 Qf the refidue of the faid parchments or papers, not containing the names of any of the jurors who fhall not have fo brought in their verdict, or be difcharged, to be drawn in fuch manner as is aforefaid, for the trial of the caufe which fhall be fo brought on to be tried.

XIII. And be it further enabled, That every perfon or per-fons, whofe name or names (hall be fo drawn as aforefaid, and who fhall not appear after being openly called three times, upon oath made by fome credible perfon that fuch perfon fo making default had been lawfully fummoned, fhall forfeit and pay for every default in not appearing upon call as aforefaid (unlefs fome reafonable caufe of his absence be proved by oath or affidavit, to the fatisfadfion of the judge, who fits to try the faid caufe) fuch fine or fines not exceeding the fum of five pounds, and not lefs than forty (hillings, as the faid judge (hall think reafonable to inflict or a fiefs for fuch default.

XIV* Provided always. That where a view fhall be allowed in any caufe, that in fuch cafe fix of the jurors named in fuch panel, or more, who fhall be mutually confented to by the parties or their agents on both Tides, or if they cannot agree, (hall be named by the proper officer of the refpedhve courts of king’s bench, common pleas, exchequer at Weftminjler, or the grand feffion in Wales, and the faid counties palatine, for the caufes in their refpe&ive courts, or if need be, by a judge of the refpec-tive courts where the caufe is depending, or by the judge or judges, before whom the caufe fhall be brought on to trial re-fpedtively, fhall have the view, and fhall be fir ft fworn, or fuch of them as appear, upon the jury to try the faid caufe, before any drawing as aforefaid, and fo many only (hall be drawn to be added to the viewers who appear, as (hall after all defaulters and challenges allowed, make up the number of twelve to be fworn for the trial of fuch caufe.

XV. And whereas fome doubt hath been conceived touching the power of his Majefys courts of law at Weftminfter, to appoint juries to be Jlruck before the clerk of the crown, mafter of the office, prothonotaries, or other proper officer of fuch refpeflive courts, for the trial of iffues depending in the faid courts, without the confent of the profecutor or parties concerned in the profecution or fuit then depending., unlefs fuch iffues are to be tried at the bar of the fame courts: In trials of if-be it declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fues at Well- fhall and may be lawful to and for his  Majesty’s courts of king’s

mmfter, on bench, common pleas and exchequer at IVeft minder refpe&ive-motion of par-.	5	.	1	,	,	i	irl	c i •	*	n	•	nr	i	•	i	•

ties, judges ty? upon motion made on behalf of his Majesty, his heirs or

may order a fucceffors, or on the motion of any profecutor or defendant in fpecial jury. any indictment or information for any mifdemeanor, or information

Hosted by

Google

173°* 1 Anno tertio Georgii IT. c. 25.	169

formation in the nature of a £hio warranto, depending or to be brought or profecuted in the faid court of king’s bench, or in any information depending or to be brought or profecuted in the faid court of exchequer, or on the motion of any plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants in any a<5lion, caufe or fuit' whatsoever, depending or to be brought and carried on in the faid courts of king’s bench, common pleas and exchequer, or in any of them, and the faid courts are hereby refpedtively authorized and required, upon motion as aforefaid, in any of the cafes before-mentioned, to order and appoint a jury to be ftruck before the proper officer of each refpedtive court, for the trial of any iffue joined in any of the faid cafes, and triable by a jury of twelve men, in fuch manner as fpecial juries have been, and are ufually (truck in fuch courts refpedtively, upon trials at bar had in the faid courts, which faid jury fo (truck as aforefaid, (hall be the jury returned for the trial of the faid iffue.

XVI. And it is hereby further ena<5ted. That the perfon or perfon apply-party who (hall apply for fuch jury to be (truck as aforefaid, ing for fucli (hall bear and pay the fees for the (triking fuch jury, and (hall jury>to Pay not have any allowance for the fame, upon taxation of colts.	c	iS

XVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, wliere7pecial That where any fpecial jury (hall be ordered by rule of any of juries in cities the faid courts to be (truck by the proper officer of fuch court, are appointed, in the manner aforefaid, in any caufe arifing in any city, or tlie iury t0 county of a city or town, the fheriff or fheriffs, or under fheriff q^of^erfbns of fuch city, or county of a city or town (hall be ordered by qualified* fuch rule to bring, or caufe to be brought before the faid officer,

the books or lifts of perfons qualified to ferve on juries within the fame, out of which juries ought to be returned by fuch fheriff or fheriffs, in like manner as the freeholders book hath been ufually ordered to be brought, in order to the ftriking of juries for trials at the bar, in caufes arifing in counties at large, and in every fuch cafe the jury (hall be taken and ftruck cut of fuch books or lifts refpedlively.

XVIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That who are any perfon or perfons having an eftate in poffeffion in land in qualified to be their own right, of the yearly value of twenty pounds or up- inferted in the wards, over and above the referved rent payable thereout, fuch ^s>

lands being held by leafe or leafes for the abfolute term of five hundred years or more, or for ninety nine years or any other term determinable on one or more life or lives, the names of every fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may, and are hereby directed and required to be inferted in the refpedlive lifts as aforefaid, in order to their being inferted in the freeholders book; and the perfons appointed to make fuch lifts are hereby diredted to infert them accordingly; and fuch leafeholder or leafeholders (hall and may be fummoned or impanelled to ferve. on juries in like manner as freeholders may be fummoned and impanelled by virtueof this or any other aCt or a6ts of parliament for that pur-pofe, and be fubjecft to the like penalties for non-appearance, any Law, ftatute, ufe or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And



i jo	Anno	tcrtio Georgii II. c.26.	[1730.

XIX,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the lheriffs of the city of London for the time being, fhall not impanel or return any perfon or perfons to try any iffue joined in any of his  Majesty’s courts of king’s bench, common pleas and exchequer, of to be or ferve on any jury at the feffions of Oyer and Terminer, gaol-delivery or feffions of the peace, to be had or held for the faid city of London, who fhall not be an hou(holder within the faid city, and have lands, tenements or perfonal eftate, to the value of one hundred pounds j and the fame matter and caufe alledged by way of challenge, and fo found, (hall be taken and admitted as a principal challenge, and the perfon or perfons fo challenged, (hall and may be examined on oath of the truth of the faid matter.

Return of ju- XX. And be it further enadled by the authority'aforefaid, nes m capital That the (heriffs or other officers, to whom the returning of cakb'	juries doth or fhall belong, for any county, city or place re-

fpedtively, fhall not impanel or return any perfon or perfons to ferve on any jury for the trial of any capital offence, who at the time of fuch return would not be qualified in fuch refpedtive county, city or place, to ferve as jurors in civil caufes for that purpofe; and the fame matter and caufe alledged by way of challenge, and fo found, fhall be admitted and taken as a principal challenge, and the perfon or perfons fo challenged, fhall and may be examined on oath of the truth of the faid matter. This a 61 to be XXL And be it enadled, That this a 61 fhall be openly read read at every once in every year at the general quarter-feffions to be holden fionsteJ>le ~ ^or every county, city or place, within that part of Great Britain called England and Wales, next after the twenty fourth day of June. Continuation | XXII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Made perpetual That this adl fhall continue and be in force until the firfl day ^’6Geo.2.c.37. of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

C AP. XXVI.

An a ft for the letter regulation of the coal trade.

WHEREAS the Jhipping imployed in the coal trade has for many years paft laboured under great difficulties, and been in a very declin'mg fate, whereby that valuable nurfery of feamen has been much impaired, and ivithout fome fpeedy relief will be in great danger of ruin ; and ivhereas by an aft of parliament pajfed in the ii &12W. 3,elevenil and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefy King c. 21.	William	the	Thirds	intituled, An adl for the explanation and

better execution of former adfs made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the faid watermen, wherrymen and lightermen, upon the faid river between Gravefend and Windfor, many perfons keeping wharfs, and others dealing in coals, are ref rained from carrying the fame from and to any part of the river Thames, in their own lighters, or other boats; and whereas feveral lightermen have exafted unlaivful premiums or rewards for vending fome forts of



IJ30-] Anno tertio Georgii IL c. 26.	171

coals in preference to other s^ and have refufed to make their notes, given in payment for the fame, for value received, and have become crimps or factors to the mafters of coal /hips, at the fame time they are buyers of coals on their own account, all which have been found by experience to be greatly prejudicial to the navigation and coal trade, injurious to the publick, detrimental to the mafers and owners of Jhips imployed in that trade, and have tended to a monopoly thereof; and whereas there have been great abufes in the meafuring of fea coals by many dealers therein, whereby the fair traders have been much injured, and the confumers impofed on: for remedy whereof, and to prevent the like evils for the future, be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fourth After 24. June day oijune one thousand feven hundred and thirty, it (hall J73°- Dealers and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, who now7 ^eThehow^ do or hereafter (hall keep any wharf or wharfs on the river pghters, Thames, or on any creek or branch thereof, and for any other perfon or perfons, who now do or hereafter (hall trade or deal in coals or other goods, to keep, ufe and imploy their own lighters, barges, and other craft, in and for the carrying of coals and other goods, to and from any (hip or other veffel, in the river Thames, and to and from any wharf, dock, creek or other place whatsoever, on or near the faid river where fuch goods might, before the making of this a£f, be lawfully landed or (hipped off, by any lighterman or other perfon, fo as the perfon or perfons, who (ball be imployed in rowing or navigating any fuch lighter, barge or other craft, be fuch as by the laws now in being, is or are duly qualified to row or navigate the fame on the river Thames^ any law, flatute, ufage pr cuftom to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from Liahters to be and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven entred, hundred and thirty, all and every perfon or perfons (not being a lighterman or lightermen) who fhall by virtue of this a<5 become intitled to ufe, keep, work or imploy his, her or their own lighter or lighters, or other great craft fox carrying coals or other goods on the river Thames, (hall before his, her or their fo working, ufing or imploying the fame, make or tender, before the faid company of watermen and lightermen, or fome proper officer, which the faid company are hereby required to appoint for this purpofe, an entry or entries of fuch their re-fpedlive lighter or lighters or other craft, defigned to be ufed, kept, worked or imployed as aforefaid ; for each of which entries fuch officer (hall receive from the perfons making fuch entries, for the ufe of the company, five (hillings and no more; and thereupon fuch officer (hall forthwith regiffer the fame in a book or books to be kept by him, on the part of the faid company for that purpofe, together with the owner’s name pr place of abode, ^nd the number or mark intended to be affixed



marked,

and fubjeft to the rules of the watermens company.

Buyers of coals for fale affing as crimps, and matters im-ploying them,

to forfeit 200I

9 Ann. c. 28.

Anno tertio (jEORGH II. c.26.	[1730.'

fixed or defcribed on fuch lighter or lighters, or other great craft refpedtively; and after fuch entry made or tendred to be made, fuch owner or owners refpedtively fhall affix or defcribe, or caufe or permit to be affixed or defcribed, fuch number or mark in metal or colours, on the outfide of the faid lighter or lighters or other great craft, vifible above water when fully . loaded, there to remain without alteration (except with con-fent of the company, or in cafes of involuntary accidents) and that until fuch entry made or fuch tender thereof, and fuch number or mark affixed or defcribed thereon, fuch owner or owners fhall not be intitled to ufe, work or imploy fuch his lighter or lighters or other great craft, in any other manner than he or they might lawfully do before the making of this a6t; and that from and after fuch entry made and regiftred, and fuch number or mark being affixed or defcribed as afore-faid, fuch lighter or lighters or other great craft, and the owner or owners thereof (hall be fubjeft and liable,'in refpecft of fuch entries, regifters, numbers or marks, to fuch orders, rules or conftitutions as are or fhall be made by the faid company, in regard to the entries, numbers or marks, of or on the lighters or other great craft, belonging to lightermen fre& of the faid company, and no other.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, no lighterman or other buyer of coals for fale; nor any of their partners, agents or fervants, or any in truft for them, fhall a61 as a crimp, agent or facftor, for any matter or owner.of any fhip or veffel importing coals into the port of London; and that every lighterman and other buyer of coals for fale, his or their partner, agent or fervant, who (hall after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, a61 as a crimp, agent or fadtor, for felling of coals for any mafter or owner of fuch fhip or veffel, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, {ball for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds; and that every .mafter of a fhip, who fhall after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, imploy any lighterman or other buyer of coals foi* fale, or his or their partner, agent;or fervant, or any in truft for them, knowing him to be fuch, to be his crimp,

- agent or fadlor, contrary* to the true intent and meaning of this a6l, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

IV.	And whereas in and by a claufe in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majefly £hieen Anne, intituled, An act to diffolve the prefent, and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, mafters of fhips and others, to advance the price of coals in prejudice of the navigation, trade and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade, it is enafted, That if any lighter^ man or lightermen, mafer or maflers of Jhips, crimps coal faftor or

other



1730.] Arino tertio Georgii II. c.

other perfon or perfons buying or felling or dealing in coals, or other-wife concerned in the coal trade, by him or them}"elves, his or their agent or fervant, or any other perfon or perfons, /hall at any time or times from and after the fir/l day of June aforefaid, receive or take for the nfe or benefit of fuch lighterman or lightermen, majler or mafters of JhipS) crimps coal factor or other perfon or perfons, any falary, gratuity, reward, allowance, fum or films of money, from any coal owner, fitter, majler of Jhips, or other perfon or perfons whatsoever, for contracting, buying, vending, felling or difpofng of any particular forts of coals, in preference of any other forts of coals, or for the loading of any J,hip or veffel, or for the difpatch, delivery or difpofal of the coals from on board of any Jhip or /hips or ve/fels, before other finp or /hips or vejfels, or /hall knowingly fell one fort of coals for and as a fort which they really are not, every perfon offending /hall for every Juch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; but the remedy provided by the faid. recited claufe, having been found ineffectual to prevent the mifchiefs and inconve-fiiencies therein mentioned, be it therefore enaded by the autho- Receiving rity aforefaid, That every perfon who from and after the twen- gratuities for ty-faurth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty contra&s, fhall take or receive any premium, gratuity, reward, fum or fums of money or allowance in coals, or in account or other-wife, from any coal owner, fitter or mafter of a fhip, or any of their agents or fervants, for contracting, buying, vending or difpofing of any particular fort of coals, or {hall otherwife offend contrary to the true intent and meaning of the above recited claufe of the faid ad, fhall over and above the penalty inflided by the faid ad for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; and that every coal owner or fitter, who fhall after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, by himfelr or themfelves, his or their agent or fervant, give or agree to give to any fhip-mafter, lighterman, crimp or buyer of coals, or to any of their agents or fervants, or to any perfon or perfons in trtifl for fuch fhipmafter, lighterman, crimp or buyer of coals, any premium, falary, gratuity, reward, fum or fums of money, or any allowance in coals, or in account or otherwife, for con-trading, buying, vending, felling or difpofing of any particular fort of coals, or for the loading of any (hip or veffel with fuch coal owner’s coals, or for the difpatch, delivery or difpofal of fuch coals from fuch coal owners collieries or ftaiths, and every perfon who fhall knowingly fell one fort of coals for and as a fort which they really are not, every fuch coal owner, fit- and felling one ter or perfon fo offending contrary to the true intent and mean- f°rt of coals in £ of this ad, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the [oranother, fum of five hundred pounds.	'

V.	Provided always. That this ad or any thing herein con- Coal owners tained fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend, to prevent may impi0y or hinder any coal owner from imploying or giving any falary, fitters and gratuity or reward, to any fitter or fitters for the vending, crimps not felling and difpofing of his coals from his colliery and ftaiths, ^ng lighter-

or



Contracts to entred and be fubfcribed by buyer and feller.

Penalty.

The form of promi tTory

JiOtts j

Anno tertlo GeoRGII II. C.2	[*730-'

or5 to prevent or hinder any matter or owners of any fhip or veffel ufing the coal trade, from imploying crimps or factors (not being lightermen or buyers of coals for fale, or any of their partners, agents, fervants, or any in truft for them) to’ fell or difpofe of their refpe#ive loadings of coals, or pay them crimpage or fa#orage as has ufually been paid.

VI.	And for making more effectual all agreements between (hipmafters and buyers of coals for the future, be it enactted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twen-' ty- fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, all bargains or contracts for coals, between buyer and feller at the market of Billingfgate or other place of fale within the bills of mortality, fhall by the crimp or factor, who has the difpo-fal of fuch coals, be fairly entred with the conditions thereof* in the pocket or other book of fuch crimp or fa#or, fubfcribed by the feller and the buyer, and witneffed by the faid crimp or fa#or, of which bargain or contra# the faid crimp or fa#or fhall at the fame time deliver gratis, a copy by him attefted to the feller and buyer refpe#ively; and the faid entries fo made and fubfcribed, 2nd the faid copies fo given and attefted, fhall be admitted as evidence on trials in any court of law wh^tfo-ever; and if any crimp or fa#or (hall negle# or refufe to enter fuch bargain or contra#, and to fubfcribe and atteft the fame, or (hall refufe to give copies thereof as aforefaid, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and,pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied, recovered and difpofed of, as any other penalties or forfeitures, above the fum of five pounds, are by this a# dire#ed to be levied, recovered and difpofed of.

VII.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thou- * fand feven hundred and thirty, all lightermen and other buyers of, or contra#ors for, coals on board of any (hip or veffel in the port of London, fhall at the time of the delivery of fuch coals, either pay for the fame in ready money, or for fuch part thereof as (hall not be fo paid for, fhall give their refpe#ive promiflory note or notes of their hands for payment thereof, expreffing therein the words value received in coalsy payable at fuch day or days, time or times, as (hall for that purpose be agreed upon between fuch lighterman or other buyer of or contra#or for coals, and the matter or owner of fuch (hip or veffel, or his agent or factor on his behalf; and that all fuch notes, in cafe of nonpayment at the refpe#ive days and times therein mentioned, fhall and may be protefted or noted in fuch manner as inland bills of exchange may now be; and in default of fuch protefting or noting by any indorfee, and notice thereof given by fuch indorfee to the refpe#ive indorfor or indorfors, within twenty days after fuch failure of payment, fuch refpective indorfor or indorfors, to whom fuch notice (hall not be given, (ha 11 not be chargeable with or liable to anfwer or pay fuch fum of money, as (hall be mentioned to be payable



*73°-] Afino temo GRORGil. II c.	175

in or by fuch note or notes, nor any part thereof; any law, ufege or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all fuch lightermen, refufmg to or other buyers of or contractors for coals, who fhall after S1.^ f°r* the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and * iGeo^. c 15. thirty refufe to give their note or notes for coals to them re- fe&. 6. fpeCtively delivered, and fhall refufe to infert the faid words,

value received in coals, and every fuch mafter, who fhall take any fuch note from any dealer in coals, in which note the words value received in coals are not exprefly inferted, fuch lightermen, buyers of or contractors for coals, and mafters fhall for every fuch refufal or acceptance refpeCtively forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And whereas the mafters of floips imployed in the coal trade are for the mojt part invefed both with the grand bill of fale and pojfeffton of fuch Jhip or Jhips, as he or they are mafters of by which means many ill difpofed mafters, although they hold but finallparts in their own rights refufe to obferve and obey the direhions of their owners, or to render an account when thereunto required, neither can they (as the law now fands) be compelled fo to do, without tedious and expenfive flits in chancery: for remedy whereof, be it Mafters of cnaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the veflelsrefufmg twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and accSun^tothe thirty, every mafter of a (hip or veffel ufing the coal trade, owners, forfeit fhall be fubjeCt to the direction of the owner or owners of the too 1. major part of his fhip or veffel, and finall keep, and once a year 4-Geo.2. c.30. render to fuch owner or owners, if required, a true, plain,

juft and perfeCt account in writing of the produce and expence of every refpeCtive voyage he or they fhall make within fuch year in fuch fhip or veffel; and that in cafe any fuch mafter fhall refufe or negleCt to obferve and obey the directions of fuch owner or owners, given under his or their hands in writing, or fhall refufe to give fuch account, being likewife thereunto required by an order in writing under his or their hands, he fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds: provided neverthelefs, that in fuch directions there be nothing contained which fhall relate to the reftraining or inhancing the price of coals in the river of Thames, or to keeping of turn in delivering of coals there.

X.	And whereas by ancient cuftom in the port of London, one chaldron of coals is allowed in to every fcore bought, on board fliipj and fo in proportion for a greater or leftfer quantity, ivhicb is called Ingrain, notwithfanding which many perfons dealing in coals do load the fame from on board flnp bare meafure, ivithout the aforefaid Ingrain, to the great ifijuty of the confumer; be it therefore fur- Refufln°* the ther enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all lightermen allowance cal-and other perfons dealing in coals, who fhall from and after led Ingrain to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred f°rfeitiool. and tnirty, .fell to any perfon or perfons any parcel or quantity

of coals as and for pool meafure, videlicet, fuch meafure as is ufually given or allowed in the pool or river Tha?nesy including 6	the



Coal facks to be fealed and marked.

Dimenfion of the lacks.

176	Anno	tertid Geopgii II. c, 26.	[1730.

the aforefaid Ingrain, and fhall not juftly and without fraud deliver to fuch perfon or perfons, buyers or confumers thereof, the full quantity of coals fo fold, and accordingly meafured from on board fliip to fuch lighterman or other dealer in coals* by the meter, together with the Ingrain thereof, fuch lighterman or other dealer in coals (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XI.	And for the better difcovering and preventing frauds and abufes in the meafuring of coals, and the encouragement of the fair trader therein, be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of Augujl one thousand feven hundred and thirty, all coals which fhall be landed at any wharf, dock, or other landing place on the river Thames, or on any creek or branch adjacent or near thereto, and which fhall be carried to any place or places within the cities or fuburbs of London or Wejlminfter, or the bills of mortality, in any car, can, waggon, or other carriage of any denomination whatsoever, fhall be carried to the refpedlive buyers thereof in linen facks, fealed and marked with white paint in oil at Guild-Hall, London, or at the exchequer office at WeJI-minjler, by the proper officer there; which facks fhall be full four feet and two inches in length, and fix and twenty inches in breadth, after they fhall be made; which facks all dealers in and carriers of coals fhall ufe for carriage of coals within the limits aforefaid, and no others, and all makers of coal facks fhall make them of the aforefaid dimenfions at the lead:; and that every dealer in and carrier of coals, who fhall from and after the fird day of Augujl one thousand feven hundred and thirty, make ufe of any other fack or facks for carriage of coals within the limits aforefaid, fhall for every fack he or Penalty. they	ma^e ufe of, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty

{hillings.

Confumers of XII. Provided neverthelefs, That this a£I, or any thing ^erein contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend, fuch facks]^ to prevent or hinder any confumer of coals from fetching or carrying home his own coals by porters, or in his own or hired carts, waggons or other carriages, without being obliged to ufe fuch facks, as are herein before directed and de-fcribed; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firfl day of Augujl one thousand feven hundred and thirty, all dealers in and fellers of coals by the chaldron or lefler quantity, within the cities of London and Weft-minjlcr, or within ten miles round the fame, fhall conftantly keep and ufe at their refpedtive wharfs, warehoufes, and other places for the fale of their coals, a lawful bufhel, fuch as is described in and by an a<5t made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne intituled, An all for the fpeedy ' and effectual preferving the navigation of the river of Thames, by flopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the

county

What fhall be deemed law- ‘ ful coal bu/hels, &c.

isAnn $tat,2.

C, J 7.



I73°*l Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 26.	177

county of Effex, and for afcertaining the cod meafure, with which bufhel all fuch dealers in and fellers of coals, fhall juftly meafure, or caufe all the coals they (hall fo fell by the chaldron or leffer quantity, to be meafured, and fhall put three bufhels of coals fo juftly meafured into each fade before deferibed, which faid facks they (trail ufe, and no other, for the carriage of fuch coals to the buyers thereof; and that all fuch dealers in and fellers of coals within the faid limits, who from and after the firft day of Auguf one thousand feven hundred and thirty fhall not con-ftantly keep and ufe fuch a bufhel and fuch facks, as herein before deferibed, and no other, or fhall not fo fill their coal facks from fuch bufhels, or fhall otherwife offend againft the true intent and meaning of this ad, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds ; and if any fervant or fervants of fuch dealer or dealers in coals fhall, from and after the fir ft Penalty on day of Angufi one thousand feven hundred and thirty, fill fuch ufmg other coals into facks, without firft duly meafuring the fame by fuch m^afures* bufhel, fuch fervant or fervants fhall for every fuch offence be committed to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor lefs than fourteen days.

XIV.	And for a [much as it hath hitherto been ufual for coal bujhels and fmaller meafures to be marled or fealed with a hot iron on the wood thereof and that ill dijpofed perfons y before they have ironed and fitted fuch bujhels andfinall meafures for vaork and ufe^ have cut away the upper parts thereof fo as they did not co7itain fo much as the law directs: for remedy whereof, and to prevent fuch ill pradices for the future, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all perfons dealing in coals, and ufing coal bufhels and Meafures to fmaller meafures, finall before they, prefume to ufe the fame, be fealed or have them fitted for work and ufe with iron or copper, and af- damped, ter they are fo,fitted, (hall carry them to the Guildhall London, or to the exchequer office at Wejhnmfier, to be fealed or damped by the proper officer there, with a fteel inftrument on the up-permoft iron or copper hoop and ftrap, which meafures finall be by them refpedively kept without any alteration, and fo ufed at their refpedive places of fale of their coals-, wffiich places of fale are hereby declared to be the refpedive wharfs, warehoufes, docks, (heds, cellars or other repolitories, for the coals of fuch perfons as are dealers therein, and that all perfons dealing in coals, who fhall from and after the firft day of Auguft one thousand feven hundred and thirty offend herein, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; and that all perfons who fhall, from and after the firft day of Auguft one thousand feven hundred and thirty, alter and make lefs any fuch bufhel or other meafure, or any of the facks before mentioned, after the fame have been fealed or marked as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds. Penalty.

XV.	And for the better difeovery of the offences herein be- offenders fore mentioned, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, againft this That any perfou who fhall be guilty of any of the offences de- difcover-

Vou XVI.	N	dared



178

ing other offenders, acquitted.

Penalties how to be levied.

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 26,.	f	17

dared by this ad, and (hall, within fix calendar months after fuch offence fhall be committed, make an effedual difcovery of any coal owner or coal owners, proprietor or proprietors of a colliery or collieries, or of his or their agent or agents, fervant or fervants, or of his, their or any of their fitters, officers or clerks, or of any matter or owner of any ftfip or veffel, or of any lighterman, crimp, coal fador, or feller or retailer of coals, or other perfon concerned in the coal trade, who fhall have committed any offence contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, fo as he, they or any of them fhall be convided of any fuch offence, fuch perfon making fuch difcovery (hall be, and is hereby fully difcharged of and from the faid penalties and forfeitures for all fuch offences by him before that time committed, and fhall alfo be intitled to have and receive the fame benefit and advantage from fuch difcovery and convidion, as any other perfon fhall in the like cafe be intitled to by virtue of this ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and fingular the penalties and forfeitures for offences in this ad mentioned, above the fum of five pounds, fhall be one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who fhall inform and fue for the fame within the fpace of fix calendar months next after fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, to be recovered with double cofts of fuit by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, wherein n& effoin, protedion or wager of law fhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance given; and that all penalties and forfeitures for offences in this ad mentioned, of or under the fum of five pounds, fhall be recovered by way of complaint made unto the lord mayor of Lo?idon for the time being, or any one juftice of the peace within the city of London and liberties thereof, or one juftice of the peace of the feveral andrefpedive counties and places where fuch offender or offenders fhall live, who are hereby required to call the parties before them, and to hear and examine fuch complaint upon oath, which by virtue of this ad is to be by him adminiftred, and upon due proof thereof made to his fatisfadion, to grant a warrant under his hand and feal for levying fuch forfeitures accordingly; the one moiety thereof to be to and for the ufe of the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed; and in cafe fuch forfeitures fhall not be forthwith after fuch convidion or con-vidions paid, that then the fame fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offender’s goods and chattels by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of the lord mayor of London, or fuch juftice of the peace before whom fuch offender or offenders fhall be convided, rendering the overplus, if any fhall be, to fuch offender or offenders; and for want of fufficient diftrefs or diftreffes fuch offender or offenders lhall be committed to the houfe of corredion for any time not exceeding thirty days, and not lefs than fourteen, there to be kept to hard labour.

XVII. And

Hosted by

Google

1730il ‘Anno teriio GeoRGii II. c. 27.	179

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Publick aft. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft to all intents and purposes, and lhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftiqes and other perfons whatsoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded or fet forth.

CAP. XXVII.

An a5l for explaining and amending an a£l mad& in the laft fejfion of parliament intituled\ An aft: for the relief of * debtors with refpeft: to the imprifonment of their perfons.

WHERE A S by an aft made in the fecondyear of hisprefent 2Geo, 2. c.aa. Majefiys reign, intituled, An aft for the relief of debtors 'With refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons, it is amongft other things enaftedy That it jhould be lawful for any p erf on or per-fonSy charged in execution for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one hundred pounds, after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, within the prifon of the Marlhalfea, or county gaol of Surrey, and after the tiventy ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty in any other gaol or prifon, to exhibit a petition to any of the courts of law from whence the procefs iffued, upon which he,

Jhe or they was or were taken or charged in execution, in the manner by the faid aft dir eft ed \ which court is thereby required, by order or rule of court, to caufe the prifoner to be brought up, and the feveral creditors at whofe Juit hey Jhe or they flood charged, to be fummoned to appear perfonally or by their attorney in courts and upon any of their ncgleft or refufal to appear, upon affidavit of the due fervice of .fuxh rule and order, fuch court fhould in a fummary way examine into the matter of the faid petition, and alfo adrninifier to fuch prifoner the oath in the faid aft mentioned and direfted to be adminifired upon fuch examination as aforefaid: and ivhereas it hath been found inconve-nient to bring prifoners up to the courts in Weftminfter-Hall from prifons that are at a great diftance from thence, as the faid aft di-reftSy by reafon of the great difficulties and expences which attend the ' fame : Therefore for remedying the faid inconvenieneies, and to the intent that the creditor or creditors may be the better enabled to inquire into the true ftate of the real and perlonal eftate of any prifoner or prifoners who fhall be in execution as aforefaid, on his, her or their account, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from prif0ners in and after the firfc day of Trinity Term next enfuing, before any execution to •prifoner or prifoners being in any prifon (except fuch who are giyp notice to in the prifons in the cities of London and Wejlminfter and the 'tlwt^the borough of Southzuark) fhall petition any of the courts in Weft- delign\o pe-^ minfler-Hallivom whence theprocefs iflued, upon which he, the titlon the or they was or were charged in execution, in fuch manner as court, the faid aft mentions, fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall give or S Geo. 2. c.24. caufe to be given a writing, importing notice to the feveral cre-

N 2	ditors5



iSo

Prifoner, by rule of court, to be brought to the next aflizes : Expences thereof how to be paid.

Creditors to be Summoned

The caufe to be Jieard in a fu mm ary way

Anno tertio GeorGii II. c.27.	[1730.

ditors, at whofe fuit he, fhe or they fhall hand charged as aforefaid, that he, (he or they doth or do intend to petition the coqrt from whence the procefs iflued, upon which he, fhe or they was or were taken in execution, and alfo a true copy of the account or fchedule in writing of his, her or their whole real or perfonal eflate, which he, fhe or they doth or do intend to deliver into any fuch court, the faid notice to be left with or ferved upon the faid creditor or creditors, his, her or their executors or acT-miniflrators, or fome or one of them, or his or their attorney or agent imployed in fuch caufe or caufes,for which he, (he or they fhall be imprifoned.

II.	And it is hereby further enacled, That upon fuch petition made by any prifoner or prifoners to any of the faid courts from whence the procefs iflued, fuch court is hereby required to make a rule to caufe the prifoner or prifoners to be brought, at an expence not exceeding twelve pence a mile, to be paid to the officers out of the effedls of the prifoner, and in cafe the prifoner has not fufficient effeds, then to be repaid by the trea-furer of the county out of the county hock, to the next affize3 to be holden for the county or place where he, fhe or they (hall be imprifoned, if the fame fhall be within that part of Great Britain called England, and if within the principality of Wales or county palatine of Cheftcr, then fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall be brought to the next great feffions to be holden for the county where he, Hie or they fhall be imprifoned ; and the feveral creditors at whofe fuit fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall Hand charged as aforefaid, fhall alfo be fummoned to appear at the faid next affixes or great feffions perfonally, or by his, her or their attorney or attorneys, by rule or order of the court from whence the procefs iflued, to be ferved on fuch creditor or creditors, or to be left at his, her or their dwelling-houfe or ufual place of abode, thirty days at the lead before fuch affizes or great feffions.

III.	And it fhall be lawful for the judges of affize or great feffions, or one of them, and he and they are hereby required to appoint a time for hearing the matter upon the faid petition at and during fuch affizes or great feffions; and upon appearance of the creditors fo fummoned, or in default thereof, upon affidavit of their being fo fummoned, and duly ferved with fuch notice, and copy of account of fuch prifoner’s real and perfonal eflate as aforefaid, and alfo with the rule or order of court for their appearance at fuch affizes or great feffions, the faid judge or judges (hall in a fummary way examine into the matter of fuch petition, and hear what can or fhall be alledged on either fide for or againft the difcharge of fuch prifoner, upon which examination the faid judge and judges is and are impowered and required to adminifler or tender to fuch prifoner the oaths in the faid recited a61 diredted and appointed to be taken by any prifoner before the judges of the court out of which the procefs upon which fuch prifoner was taken in execution iflued; and the faid judge or judges of affize or great feffions (hall give fuch judgment, relief



173.0.] Anno tertio Georgii If. c. 27.	181

lief and directions as the court out of which the procefs iffued for the taking of fuch prifoner in execution, might or ought to have given before the making of this aCt; which judgment, relief and directions, by the faid judge or judges of affize or great fellion fo Judgments to given as aforefaid, fhall be as good and effectual to all intents	on

and purposes, as if the fame had been made in the court out of which the procefs iffued on which fuch prifoner was taken in execution; and the like proceedings fhall be had thereupon?

, and a record of fuch judgment fhaJl be made up in the fame form, and returned and certified under the hand or hands of the judge or judges before whom it fhall be made, unto the court from whence the procefs on which fuch prifoner was taken in execution iffued, to be a record of the faid court, and to be kept as fuch amongft the other records there.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That the judges of Judges of the great feffions in Wales, and the judges of the county pala- Wales and tine of Chejler, within their refpeCiive jurifdiCtions, fhall and ^^thehke they hereby have the fame cognizance, power, authority and p0Wgr withm jurifdiClion for the relief of debtors, with refpeCt to the impri- tbeirown pre-fonment of their perfons, who fhall be imprifoned within their cindts. refpeCiive precinCIs, by virtue of any execution to be iffued

out of their refpeCiive courts, and to proceed in the fame manner concerning the difcharge of fuch debtor or debtors, and to give the fame judgment, relief and directions relating thereto, as the faid courts in Wefminfler hall are impowered and directed to do by the faid herein before recited aCt.

V.	And whereas divers rules or orders may have been made by the courts of law in Weltminfter-Hall for the bringing up of prifoners, purfuant to the faid recited aft, from prifons at great difiance from the cities 0/* London and Weftminfter, which have not been obeyed by the refpeftive fherijfs or gaolers in whofe cufiody fuch prifoner or prifoner s then were, by reafon of the great expence attending the fame;

be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch rules or orders made orders as have been made by any of the courts in Wejlminjler- for bringing flail, for bringing up of fuch prifoners to any fuch courts, and pnioners to all attachments and proceedings thereon, be and the fame are^|| hereby difcharged and made void; and that all flieriffs and gao- * a VaCa e lers be and are hereby protected and indemnified againft all .actions that are or fhall be brought againft them, or any of them, for not obeying fuch rules or orders.

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited aft the officers are refrained from carrying any p erf on or perfons by them arrefed to any gaol or prifon within twenty four hours from the time offuch arref; and feveral perfons, who haze been arrefled, refufing to be carried by the officers to any houfe whatsoever, to be kept in fife cufiody during that time, have kepi the officers abroad with them in the night-time, and thereby have found means to make their efcapes from fuch officers: be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, after the firft day of Trinity Term next, fhall be arrefted or in cuftody of any fheriff, under fheriff, bailiff, ferjeant at mace or other officer or minifter whatsoever, by virtue

N3	of



182	Anno tertio Georgii IT. C.28.	[1730,

Prifoner re- of any writ, procefs or warrant, and fuch perfon or perfons fa with^he of arre^ec^ fhall refufe to be parried to fome fafe and convenient ficer to fome dwelling houfe of his, her or their own nomination and ap-houfe, to be pointment, fo as fuch dwelling houfe (hall be within a city or carried to pri- market town, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall be there ar-*oru	refted, or, if fuch arreft (hall be made out of any city or mar-

ket town, then within three miles from the place where fuch arreft fhall be made, and fo as fuch houfe be not the houfe of the perfon arrefted, provided it be within the fame county and Continued and liberty, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch amended by fheriff or other officer or minifter to convey or carry the perfon ai Geo.2.c.33. pr perfons fo refufing to fuch gaol or prifon, as he, (lie or they is or are liable to be fent to by virtue of fuch writ or procefs ; any thing in the faid recited a61 to the contrary notwitjlftand-ing,

CAP. XXVIII.

An a 51 for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majeflfs. jprovince of Carolina in America direblly to any part of Europe fouthward of cape Finifterre, in (hips built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

i2Car. i.c. 18.

3 uc 4 Arm. c. 5. vtt HERE A S by an a 51 made in the third andfour th years of V V the reign of her late majefly Sfueen Anne, intituled\ An act for granting to her Majesty a further fubfidy on wines and merchandizes imported, all rice of the growth or production of the Jhiglifh plantations in America, Ada* or Africa, is obliged to be imported into England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or Jq fome other of the faid plantations, under fuch fecurities and penalties as other enumerated goods or commodities of the growth, production or ’ manufacture of the faid plantations are fubjeCt to by an aCt. made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, in-25 Car. 2, c. 7. tituled, An act for encouraging and increaftng of (hipping and navigation, or by another aCt made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King, intituled, An a61 for the encourage? ment of the Greenland and Eaftland trade, and for the better fe-curing the plantation trade : and whereas his Majeflfs province of Carolina in America has by experience been found to be a proper foil for producing rice to very great perfection^ and for many years lafl pafl the produce thereof has increafed; and it is reafonable to expeCt, that not only the produce thereof in thofe parts, but alfo the exportation thereof would be greatly increafed, for the mutual benefit of this kingdom and the faid province, if (notwithflanding the laws relating to navigation and trade to and from the plantations) liberty or licence ■were granted for /hips built in and failing from Great Britain, to load rice in the faid province, and to carry the fame directly to any ports of Europe lying fouthward of cape Finifterre, without bringing the fame firfl to Great Britain, as the faid laws now require, where-by the fame will arrive at fuch ports more feqfonably ami in better

con-



173°*] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 28.	183

condition for the confumption thereof \ and prevent their being /applied with the fame commodity from other countries: for this end, and for providing proper fecurities for your Majedy’s duties, and for preventing any prejudice or damage to this nation, which might happen thereby from any other unlawful commerce between the plantations and any other foreign countries, as to any other enumerated commodities, or otherwife; may it therefore pleafe •your mod excellent Majedy that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid ad paffed in the third and fourth years of the reign of her faid late Majedy, fo far as the fame ex- whtch tends to the making of rice of the growth and produce of his makes rice an Majedy’s plantations in America an enumerated commodity, enumerated (hall be and is hereby ratified and confirmed, as to all perfons, commodity (hips, veffels or places, in all refpeds whatsoever, except only as ex^^rtce’ to fuch of the faid rice as by this ad fhall be permittted or al- from Carolina, lowed to be exported from his Majedy’s province of Carolina in America, by fuch perfons, and in fuch fhips and veffels, and to fuch foreign countries and places, and under fuch entries, fecurities., redridions, regulations, limitations, penalties and forfeitures as are herein after particularly deferibed, appointed, limited and enaded for that purpofe.

II.	And be it ena<ded by the authority aforefaid, That from A*"ter 29 Sept, and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand (even may be carried hundred and thirty it (hall and may be lawful, notwithdanding diredly toany any of the ads aforefaid, or any other ad of parliament, for any part of Europe of his Majedy’s fubjeds, in any fhip or veffel built in Great Bri-tain, or belonging to any of his Majedy’s fubjeds refiding in^ae^e im’ Great Britain and navigated according to law, that fhall clear > outwards in any port of Great Britain for the province of Carolina in America, to (hip or load rice in the faid province, and to carry the fame diredly to any part of Europe fouthward of cape Finifterre, without carrying the fame to any other of his Ma-jedy's plantations in America, or to Great Britain, the mader or other perfon having or taking charge of fuch (hip or veffel, be- on hcence, fore (he clears outwards from Great Britain, fird taking a licence	an

under the hands of the commiflioners of the cudoms for the time being, or any three of them, for the loading and carrying the fame from the faid province of Carolina diredly to fome part -of Europe to the fouthward of cape Finifterre, upon a certified ' from the colledor and comptroller of the port where fuch licence (hall be defired, certifying that bond has been given, with one or more diffident fecurity, in the fum of one thousand pounds, if the fhip be of lefs burden than one hundred tuns,

.and the fum of two thousand pounds, if the fhip fhall be of that or a greater burden, that no tobacco, fugars, cotton, wool, indigo, ginger, fudick or other dying wood, melafles, tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, mads, yards, bowfprits, copper oar, beaver ikins or other furs, of the growth, production or manufadure

N 4	of

Hosted by C 3gle

ver his licence to collector, &c.

184	Anno	tertio Georgii II. c. 28.	[1730,

of any Britifb plantations in America, (hall be loaden or taken on board fuch fhip or veffel at Carolina, or any other of his Ma-jelVy’s plantations in America, unlefs it be for the neceffary pro-vifions of the fhip in their voyage; and that fuch fhip or veffel fhall proceed diredfly with all the rice that final! be fo loaden on board fuch fhip, by virtue of fuch licence, to fome port of Europe to the fouthward of cape Finiflerre, and there land the faid rice, and that fuch {hip, after landing the faid rice, fhall proceed for Great Britain before file returns to any of his  Majesty’s plantations in America ; and in cafe the mafler or other perfon fhall not, within four months after his arrival at fuch port, produce a certificate of having landed and difeharged the faid rice fo taken on board in the faid province of Carolina, at fuch port, which certificate is to be under the hand and feal of the Britijh conful, or where there is no conful, to be under the hands and feals of two known Britijh merchants refiding in the port or place where fuch rice fhall be landed ; otherwife fuch bond fhall be forfeited to his Majesty, and fhall and may be fuea and pro-fecuted in any of the courts of record in Great Britain.

Before rice be HI* And be it further enadled, That before any rice be put on board loaden or put on board any fhip or veffel at Carolina, by virtue at Carolina, of the faid licence, to be carried to fome part of Europe to the Aer^hiVlke^c*" ^uthward caPe Finiflerre, the mafter or other perfon having 'er 1S lcence or taking charge of fuch fhip or veffel fhall, before his departure out of the faid province of Carolina, deliver to the collector of the port where fuch fhip is to take in her lading, the faid licence, figned by the faid comm iff oners of the cuftoms, and a certificate of fuch bond having been given in Great Britain as afore-faid, and fhall declare in writing upon oath before the colledtor, which fuch collector is hereby impowered to adminifler, whether he intends to load any rice purfuant to fuch licence, and to what place bound.

IV.	And in order to afeertain the true quantity of rice exported from Carolina purfuant to fuch licence and the liberty granted by this adt, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, and ^ncknTeCt> ^bat before the fame fhall be (hipped or put on board, the merchant or other perfon exporting the fame fhall make an entry thereof in writing with the collector of his  Majesty’s cuftoms and the naval officer, and alfo with the comptroller, where there is fuch an officer, and fhall take out a cocquet or certificate of fuch entry, and (hall, before the rioe be (hipped or put on board, indorfe on the back of fuch cocquet or certificate the true quantity intended to be fhipped, mentioning the marks, numbers and contents of each cafk, and fhall deliver the cocquet fo in-dorfed to the fearcher or other officer appointed for the examining and fhipping thereof; and if upon weighing and examining the rice brought or intended to be fhipped by virtue of fuch cocquet or certificate, either before or after the fhipping thereof, the quantity fhall appear to be greater than is indorfed thereon, or if any rice fhall be laden or put on board any fhip or veffel having liberty to trade by virtue of this adf, or. any

h°y.

Merchant to make entry, and to take

the quantity.

Penalty for fade entry. Sec.



173°*]	Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 28.	185

hoy, lighter, bottom, boat or other veffel, in order to be put pm board fuch (hip or veffel, before fuch entry or taking out fuch cocquet, and indorfing and delivery of the fame as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all fuch rice fo (hipped or intended to be (hipped (hall be forfeited, as alfo the hoy, lighter, bottom, boat or other veffel imployed in (hipping the fame; and the owner of fuch rice, or other perfon imployed in (hipping the fame, (hall alfo forfeit treble the value thereof, to be recovered in the court of vice admiralty held in any of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, or in any other court of record in any of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, at the e-ledtion of the informer or profecutor ; one third part thereof to be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, one third upart to the governor of the faid colony, and the other one third to the informer or profecutor; and before fuch (hip or veffel (hall depart from Carolina with the rice loaden as aforefaid, the mafter or other perfon having or taking charge thereof (hall receive the faid licence from the colledtor and naval officer, and comptroller, who (hall indorfe thereon the marks, numbers and contents of each calk of rice fo (hipped on board, and the collector and other officer (hall make two copies of fuch licence and indorsement; for all which entries, cocquets, indorfements or copies no more (hall be taken by the faid officers than the accuftomed fees ; and the mafter or other perfon having or taking charge of fuch fhip (hall, before he receives the faid li~ cence, atteft the .faid copies under his hand, which are to be left with the collector and other officers ; and the faid mafter or jyrafter’s dutv other perfon having or taking charge of fuch (hip (hall alfo, on on return of the return of the faid (hip or veffel to Great Britain, produce the ftp to and deliver the faid licence to the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s Gl’eat Bn-ctiftoms, or to the collector or comptroller of the port wffiere talr*‘ bond was given when the faid (hip or veffel fet fail from Great Britain, with the inaorfement made thereon by the collector and other officers of the quantity laden on board in Carolina, as alfo a certificate (igned and fealed by the conful, or two known Britifb merchants, at the port or place where the rice was landed, certifying the landing thereof, with the number of cafks fo landed, and the marks, numbers and contents of each calk, with the name of the (hip and mafter, and that they verily believe that no fugar, tobacco, or other enumerated goods before-mentioned, except rice, have been there landed out of fuch (hip or veffel.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. The officers That the collector and other officers in Carolina (hall, as foon as in Carolina . conveniently they can, tranfmit one of the faid copies of the faid indorfement to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Bri- indorfement tain, and thereupon there (hall be payable to his Majesty fo to afcertain * much as the half fubfidy of the rice fo (hipped in Carolina (hall the half-fub-amount unto, which would have remained in cafe the faid rice *~1GT# had been firft imported into Great Britain and afterwards re-exported ; and the faid commiffioners, or the collector and comp-’	troller



Anno tertio GeorGH II. c. 29.	[1730J

troller of the port in which fuch fhip was entred to fail for Carolina^ as foon as they or either of them (hall receive the faid licence fo indorfed or one of the copies of the indorfement atteft-ed by the mafter or other perfon having Qr taking charge of fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid (which fhall firft come to the hands of the faid commiflioners, or the collector and comptroller) may and fhall demand from any of the perfon or perfons who entred into bond before the fhip fet fail from Great. Britain as aforefaid, the full fum due for the half fubfidy for all the rice mentioned in fuch indorfement, or the copy thereof attefted as aforefaid ; and in cafe the fame is not paid within thirty days after fuch demand made, the bond fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be put in fuit, and the perfons bound therein fhall pay treble cofts. Continuation. VI. And be it ena&ed, That this a6t fhall continue and be *n ^orce ^ve years> t0 he reckoned from the twenty ninth day c. , ft * * of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and from ;	thence	to the end of the then next feffion of parliament,

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for continuing and amending an aft for regulating the ,/price and affize of bread -, for relief of bankrupts whofe certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late aft (For the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts) for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds or wills made by papifls, and for relief of prat eft ant pur-chafers and leffees; and for making further provifion concerning certificates relating to the fettlements of poor perfons , and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated perfons.

* Ann. c. 18. TT7 HERE AS an aft of parliament was made and paffed in the V V eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Hftueen Anne, in-1 tituled, An act to regulate the price and aftize of bread, and the fame was to continue in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffton of parliament: and whereas the faid afty having been by fubfequent afts further continued, was found very ufe^ ful and beneficial, but the fame is noiv near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it e-nadled by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid atogether with fuch alterations as were made thereto, in and by an acft paffed in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned relating to coals, hemp and flax, Irifh and. Scotch linen ^ and the affize of bread\ and for giving power to adjourn the quarter-feffton s for the county of Anglefea for the purpofes therein mentioned, fhall be and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day pf March one thousand feven hundred and

6	thirty

continued to 25 March *738, &c.

? Geo. 1. flat. 2. c. 26. Amended and further continued by 2.2 Geo. 2. c. 46.



1730.] Anno tertio Georgii IT. c. 29.	187

thirty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next lefflon of parliament.

II.	And ivhereas the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and fome other magif rates, have thought fit, in fetting the ajfize of bread, to fet down and afcertain the price for which the peck, half-peck and quartern loaves ought to be fold; which prices the bakers have fometimes complied with, but at other times have re-fufed fo to do, to the deceit and opprefiion of his Majeflfs fubjefts, e-fpecially of the poorer fort of people: and whereas fome doubts have arifen touching the penalty they have incurred for Juch their refufaly for remedy whereof be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, if any baker or o-ther perfon or perfons baking or making bread for fale, or ex-

pofing bread to fale, (hall fell any peck, half-peck or quartern Penalty on

loaf or loaves at any greater or higher price than (hall be fet and baker felling

afeertained by the faid court of lord mayor and aldermen, or bread at a

by the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, by order

of the faid court, or by the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen or chief the^ord ^

jnagiftrates for the time being of any other city, town corporate mayor, &c.

or borough, or by any two or more juftices of the peace in fuch

towns and places where there fhall be no fuch mayor, bailiffs,

aldermen or chief magiftrates, he, fhe or they fo doing, being

thereof lawfully convicted, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit

the fum of ten (hillings; the faid forfeiture or forfeitures to be

given to the informer or informers, and to be adjudged, levied

and recovered in fuch manner, as the penalty of forty millings * Ann. c-

is by the faid a61 of the eighth year of her faid late Majdty’s

reign to be adjudged, levied and recovered-

III.	Provided always, That before any redudtion is made in Before reduc-the affize of bread by the court of lord mayor and aldermen? a tion in the copy of the prices delivered in by the meal weighers for the affize of bread faid city for the time being (hall be left at the common hall of the jaeft°^bakers Jaakers company by the fpace of twelve iiours before any fuch redudtion, to the intent that the faid company fhall have an opportunity to be heard thereupon before the faid court.

IV.	And whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the fifth year Geo

of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, intituled, An 5 °e°’ ’ * *** act for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, it was enafted, That all perfons who Jhould become bankrupts, and Jhould furrendet themf elves to the commijfioners named and authorized in or by any commijfions of bankrupts fo be awarded againfi them, andfioould in all things conform as in the faid aft is dire fted, Jhould be difeharged from all debts by them due or owing at the time they did become bankrupts, in cafe the commijfioners Jhould certify, that fuch bankrupts had made a full difeovery 'of their eflates and effefts^ and conformed themf elves according to the directions of the faid aft, and four parts in five of their creditors flmdd fign fuch certificate, and confent to their difeharge, and in cafe fuch certificates Jhould be allowed by the lord chancellor, or others therein named, in manner in the faid aft ftientioned7 .and any of the creditors of fuch bankrupts were to be

heard\



Bankrupts on 14 May 1729, to have the benefit of the feid act. Exp.

The a£t not revived, fave only to fuch bankrupts.

3 Geo. i.c. iS

Anno tertio Georgii II. c.29.	[1730.

heard, if they Jhould think fit, againfi the making fuch certificate and againfi the confirmation thereof 3 and whereas the faid aft expired at the end of the lafi feffion of parliament 3 and whereas before the expiration of the faid aft feveral perfons, againfi whom commiffions had been ijfuedwere duly declared bankrupts, and fince the ijfuing of the faid commiffions have made full difcovcries of all their efiates and ef-feftSj and delivered the fame up for the benefit of their creditors, not wit hfi an ding which fome of their creditors have fince brought actions againfi them, and held them to bail thereupon, and their certificates not being allowed and confirmed, Juch bankrupts are deprived of the benefit intended them by the faid aft, although they are liable to the penalties thereby inflifted\ for relief therefore of the faid unfortunate bankrupts, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who was or were duly declared a bankrupt or bankrupts on or before the fourteenth day of May which was in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, (hall be intitled to all and fingular the relief and difeharge from his, her or their debts, and other benefit and advantages, and be alfo fubjedl and liable to all the penalties in the faid a£t of the fifth year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign contained or mentioned 3 and for that purpose the lord chancellor of Great Britain, and other the perfons in the faid a<ft authorized to put the fame in execution, are hereby authorized and impowered to proceed in all refpedls touching and concern:ng the bankrupt or bankrupts, who was or were fo declared on or before the faid fourteenth day of May one thousand feven hundred and twenty pine, ip the fame manner and form, and as effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the faid recited a6t was in force 3 and all adlions brought againfi: the faid bankrupt or bankrupts, or any of them, for any debts contracted before bis or their bankruptcy, and the bail given thereon, (hall, from and after the allowance of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts certificate and certificates, be and are hereby difeharged,

V.	Provided nevertbelefs, That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to revive the faid a6f, fave only as to fuch bankrupt or bankrupts as was or were fo declared on or before the faid fourteenth day of May one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and who have obtained or fhall obtain certificates of theif conformity, afiented to by four parts in five, in number and value, of their creditors, and allowed and confirmed, as the faid a<5t diredls, on or before the twenty fifth day of March ope thousand feven hundred and thirty two 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfianding.

VI.	And whereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament pajfied in the * third year of his late Majeftfs reign, intituled, An a 61 for explaining an a6l paffed in the lafi: feffion of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papifis to regifler their names and real efiates, and for enlarging the time for fuch regiftring, and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants, it ivas enafted^ That from and after the nine and tivc?itieth day September in the year of our Lord one thoufaiid feven hundred and fevent een no manorsy lands, tenements7 hereditaments

or



189

J73°*] Anno tertio Georgii II. c, 29.

or any intereji therein, or rent or profit thereout, fbould pafs, tffer change from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, by any deed or will,	yir£ within fix months after the date,

yW; will ivithin fix months after the death of the tefiator, fbould be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties, wherein the manors, lands and tenements lie, fuch manner as therein for that purpose is particularly dire bled: and whereas by a claufe in another a Ct of parliament paffed in the tenth year of his faid late Majefiy s reign, intituled, An 10 Geo. 1. c.4. a<5t for explaining and amending an act of thelaft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aCt to oblige allperfons being papifis, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all perfons in Great Britain refufing or neglecting to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of his Majefiy's perfon and government^ by feveral ads herein mentioned, to regjfier their names and real efiates, and for enlarging the time for taking the faid oaths and making fuch regifters, and for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds or wills made by papifts, which have been omitted to be inrolled, purfuant to an atftof the third year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, and alfo for giving relief to proteftant leffees, it was enafted, for the relief of fuch perfons who had negleded or omitted , to inrol their deeds or wills, that every deed and will which had been then made, fince the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fe-venteen, in order to pafs, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments or any inter eft therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any perfon prof effing the popifh religion, though not then inrolled,

Jhould be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been, in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited by the faid claufe in the faid former aCt for inrolment thereof, provided the faid deeds and zvills fhould be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty four in fuch manner as by the faid former aCt was directed: and whereas feveral of his Majefiy s protefiant fubjefts, fince the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, have purcbafcd lands dnd taken leafes upon fines paid, where fotne finall rents have been referved, from papifis or perfons prof effing the popifb religion, and have omitted and neglected to inroll their purchafe deeds and leafes within the times limited by the faid claufes, in the faid aCis dire bled for the inrollment thereof and are in danger of being defeated of their faid pur chafes and leafes: and whereas feveral infants and others, claming under the laft wills and tejla-ments of papifis or perfons prof effing the popifh religion, may be defeated Gf their faid la?ids fo devifed to them, through the negleCl or cmifion of the executors or trufiees of fuch wills to inroll the fame in due time, according to the direction of the faid claufes in the faid aCis: to relieve therefore fuch proteftant purchafers and leffees, and proteftant fuch other perfons as have neglecfted or omitted to inroll their purchafers deeds or wills in due time as aforefaid, be it enabled by the from papifts authority aforefaid. That every deed and will, made fince the s*wi] 1 nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one before nj Sept! thousand feven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter i73it ♦	or



Defaults, whereof advantage has been taken, excepted.

S&9W.5x.30.

Witnefs to certificates of fettlements to iwear that they faw the churchwardens, &c. fign them.

Anna tertio GeoKgii II. c. 29,	[1730.

dr change, any manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any intereft therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papift or perfon profelfing the popifh religion, though not inrolled, fhall be as good and effedtual in the law as the fame would have been in cafe the laid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited in the faid claufes in the faid acfts for the inrollment thereof; provided the fame deeds and wills (hall be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, in fuch manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firft mentioned acft is directed.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to make good any fuch deed, will or leafe already made, and not inrolled, of the want of inrollment whereof advantage fhall have been taken on or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty; but every fuch deed, will and leafe, fhall remain of fuch force and effect only, as the fame would have had if this a6t had never been made, and of none other.

VIII.	And to prevent difputes which often happen, touching the proof of certificates given by the officers of any parijh or place, acknowledging any perfon or perfons therein na?ned, to be an inhabitant or i?ihabitants legally fettled in fuch parijh, toivn or place, by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the eighth a?td ninth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Thirds and for making fuch certificates more ejfeftuaj be it ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven Hundred and thirty, the witneffes who atteft the execution of fuch certificates by the churchwarden or churchwardens, overfeer or overfeers, figning and fealing the fame, or one of the faid witneffes, fhall make oath before the juftices of the peace, who by the faid a<ft are directed to allow the fame (which oath they are hereby authorized to adminifter) that fuch witnefs or witneffes did fee the churchwarden or churchwardens, overfeer or overfeers, whofe names and feals are thereunto fubfcribed and fet, feverally fign and feal the faid certificate, and that the names of fuch witneffes attefting the faid certificate are of their own proper hand writing; which faid juftices of the peace fhall alfo certify that fuch oath was made before them; and every fuch certificate fo allowed, and oath of the execution thereof fo certified, by the faid juftices of the peace, fhall be taken, deemed and allowed, in all courts whatsoever, as duly and fully proved, and fhall be taken and received as evidence, without other proof thereof; and that all certificates given in purfuance of the faid a6l, before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, fhall be alfo taken and allowed in all courts as evidence, without other proof; provided the fame are duly allowed by two juftices of the peace, as by the faid a<ft is required.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third* intituled, An acft for fupplying feme defers in the laws for the relief of the

poor



I730-] Anno tertio GfioRGil II. c. 30,	191

poor of this kingdom, all parijhes and places are obliged to receive and entertain as inhabitants all and every perfon andperfons and their families, which come from any other parijhes or places with fuch certificates of their fettlement, as in the faid a51 are directed and'required^ until fuch certificate perfons become chargeable, in which cafe and no others, the parijhes and places to which they have been fent by cer tificate, are authorized to reconvey, and thofe from whence they camey required to receive the faid certificate perfons and their families, as their proper parijhioners and inhabitants; but no provifion is made in the Jaid aft for re-imburfing the parijhes and places the charges they may be put to in reconveying the faid certificate perfons to their former parijhes and fettlements, or for the maintenance of them when Jick or difable d, till they may be in a condition to be fo removed, whereby divers parijhes and places are often put to great and unavoidable expences in removing and maintaining fuch certificate perfons and their families: now to remedy and prevent the fame for the future, be it ena£i> ed by the authority aforefaid, That when any overfeer or over- Qverfeers to feers of the poor of any parifh or place, or other perfon, {hall be reimburfed remove back any perfon or perfons or their families, reliding in on reconvey-fuch parifh or place, or fent thither by certificate, and becoming mg certificate chargeable as aforefaid, to the parifh or place to which fuch Per*°ns* perfon or perfons fhall belong, fuch overfeers' or other perfons fhall be reimburfed fuch reafonable charges as they may have been put unto, in maintaining and removing fuch perfon or perfons, by the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parifh or place, to which fuch perfon or perfons is or are removed, the faid charges being firftafcertained and allowed of by one or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the county or place to which fuch removal fhall be made; which faid charges, fo afcertained and allowed, fhall, in cafe of refufalof payment, be levied by di-ftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parilh or place to which fuch certificate perfon or perfons is or are removed by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch ju-ftice or juftices, returning the overplus, if any there be; which warrant or warrants he or they are hereby required to grant.

CAP. XXX.

An act to put an end to certain difputes touching orders and decrees made in the court of chancery.

WHEREAS divers queflions and difputes have arifen touching the authority of the majler of the rolls in the high court of chancery fox putting an end to all difputes concerning the fame, be it ena£ted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all orders and decrees made by the Orders and prefent mafter of the rolls or any of his predecefiors, or hereafter decrees made to be made by the faid mafter of the rolls, or any of his fuccef- by the matter fors, except orders and decrees of fuch nature or kind as, ac- ^lkT r° S

cord^



ig}	Anno tertio Georgii II. c* 31,32.	[1730*

cording to the courfe of the faid court, ought only to be made by the lord chancellor, lord keeper or lords commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, (hall be deemed and taken to be . valid orders and decrees of the faid court of chancery; fubjedV xcep ion. nevertheless to be difcharged, reverfed or altered by the lord chancellor, lord keeper or lords commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, and fo as no fuch orders or decrees be inroll-ed till the fame are ligned by the lord chancellor; lord keeper or lords commiffioners of the great feal.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for the admiffion and reg ulation of brokers within the city of Briftal.

No perfon to a& as a broker in Briftol till licenfed by the mayor, See. To enter into obligation with fureties. Brokers names to be affixed on the Tholfel, &c. A6ting as a broker before admittance forfeits xool. Brokers to enter all contracts in a book ; and to wear a medal of filver. Not to deai for themfeves in exchange, &c.

CAP. XXXII.

An aSt for enabling the judges of the court of feffion in Scotland, to make an adjournment of the faid courts and for limiting the time for the execution of fentences importing corporal punifhments in that part of the kingdom.

WHEREAS the continued fittings of the court of feffion in Scotland from the firft day of November to the lajl day of February yearly, without any recefs, has been found inconvenient and burthenfome, be it therefore enabled by the Ring’s mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament af-_	. , r fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may

the^ouifoV* be lawful for the judges of the faid court of feffion in Scotland\ feffion may and they are hereby impowered to make an adjournment of their make an ad- feffions on fuch day, betwixt the fifteenth day of Dece??iber and t°weeiiDec^ ^teent^ day °f January yearly, and for fuch time as they and^an^if!5 diall judge mod convenient, not exceeding the fpace of ten days; any law, datute or ufage to the contrary notwithdanding.

II,	And whereas by an act pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An a cl for the more effectual difarming the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better fecuring the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom, it is enabled? That from and after the firjl day of June one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty five, no fentence or judgment of any civil magiflrate or court of judicature, importing a capital or corporalpunijhment, if pronounced in Edinburgh or any other part of Scotland, to the fouthward of the Firth or river of Forth, Jhould (for the reafons in the faidclaufe mentioned) be put in execution within lefs than thirty days after the date of fuch fentence; and if pronounced in any place to the northward of the faid Firth or river of Forth, Jhould be put in execution in lefs than forty days after the date of fuch fentence: and whereas the maintenance and fecuring in gaols all criminals convibled and adjudged to fujfer any corporal



Anno tertio GeoRgii II. c. 33,34.

poral punijhment, for fo many days after judgment given, /;<?/£ been found burthenfome to burghs,	Z?/V Majeffs fubjefls, and	a

difcouragement to the apprehending and punijhing offenders, be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth-day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty, it fhall and may be lawful to and for all the faid magiftrates and courts of judicature to put in execution any judgment or fentenee, importing any corporal punifhment lefs than death or difmembring, if given or pronounced in any part of Scotland to the fouthward of the Firth or river of Forth, after the elapfmg of eight days, and if given or pronounced in any other place, to the northward of the faid Firth or river of Forth, after the elapfmg of twelve days, from and after the date of fuch judgment or fentenee refpedlively.

III.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the judges of the court of judiciary or any of them, who are hereby feverally authorized and required upon application made, and a reafonable caufe (hewn to him or them, by any per-fon or perfons, who (hall find themfelves aggrieved by any fuch fentenee or judgment, given or pronounced by any court of regality, or other inferior civil magiftrate or court of judicature, to flay all execution of fuch judgment or fentenee, for the fpace of thirty days, to the end that fuch application may be made for redrefs, as is agreeable to the laws of that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

aft for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new parifh .church of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the fame a diftinft pari Hi.

Appointment of 3,500k for the maintenance of the redtorof the new church, at Deptford. Vestrymen to fet the rates for burials, Churchwardens to make vaults, &c. Churchwardens to pay to the redlor 70I. per ann. quarterly. Diltridt fet out to be a didindi: parifh. Perfons aggrieved by any rates may appeal to the quarter-fdTions. Tithes arifing in the new parifh, the ufual property of the vicar, continued to him. Rector to have a palTage through the church-yard to hishoufe. When the vicarage becomes vacant, the King to appoint the frit redlor. Redtory not to be held in Commendam. Churchwardens to provide three palls. The veftries of the old and new parifhes may raife jointly 500k for the ufes of the church, &c. All old charities to be equally divided. Rates for the poor to be raifed by two moieties. Workhoufe to be for the joint ufe of both parifhes. The two parifhea jointly fubjedt to repair the roads. The now parifh clerk fhall adt by a deputy in the new parilh. Glebe land lying in the new parifh veiled in the churchwardens.

CAP. XXXIV.

An adl for repairing feveral roads leading into the town of Bridgewater

of Somerfet.

The toll commenced 1 June 1730, and is to have continuance for 21 years.

Vol. XVI.	O

C A P

*.9i

Time limited for execution, of fentenefs importingcor-poral puni(h-. ment lefs than death.

Court of judiciary may day-execution of judgment from an inferior court 30 days.



194

Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 35,36.	[1730*.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for making the afts of the firft and feventh years of his late Ma-jefty’s reign (for making the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks) more effectual.

Proprietors may diftrain veflels for tolls, and after appraifement fell them. Proprietors may l'ue for tolls, &c. Bargemalters to give a bill of loading, on penalty of 51. Damages of 20 1. final op proprietors, exceeding 20 1. appeal to the judge of ailize. Parties appealing to pay down the money decreed. Commiffioners may compel witnelles to attend, and may afl'efs damages and cofts. Land owners may fhut down locks, See. to prevent damage. Proprietors may take away fhoals, Scc. All proceedings to be. kept among the records of the feffions for Berks. Aftion againft proprietors not to abate on any of their deaths, See. Proprietors to ereft bridges on the towing paths. No Certiorari. The country lock near Reading to-be opened on proper notice.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aU for confirming a patent granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench efquire, deceafed, for ere fling a lighthoufe upon the if and or rock called Skerries, and for the better maintenance of the faid lighthoufey and for making the duties granted for maintaining the fame perpetual.

WHEREAS her late Majesty Queen Anne ivas pleased to grant her letters patent to William Trench efquire, in the zuords and form following $ that is to fay,

cc Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Queen Anne's “ Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, &c. to all to whom thefe patent for e-	prefents Jhall come, greeting: ivhereas we have received abundant

lHnhoafe on	information, and are our felf well fatisfied, that the buildingy

the'Skerries. “ fupporting and maintaining a lighthoufe or beacon, with a light cc or lights therein continually burning in the night tune, in or upon <c the ifland or rock called Skerries, lying in the fea near Holyhead cc in our county of Anglefea, is abfolutely necejfary, and will be of *c great publick ufe and benefit to the navigation in thofe parts in general, and to our own Jlnps in particular, and may, for the <c time to come, prevent finch wrecks as have frequently happened tc there, to the great impairing of our cufioms, a?id to the prejudice <c of traders, mariners and others of our good fubjedls: and where-“ as our beloved fubjeft William Trench efquire, being poffejfed “ of the faid rock or ifland called Skerries, for a long term of years cc yet to come and unexpired, is willing, at his own expence and 6C charge, to ere51 and build, and to fupport and maintain a light-(c houfe or beacon thereon as aforefaid: noiv know ye that we, as well for and in confederation of the great expences and charges the <c faid William Trench, his executors or affigns, muft necejfarily be at, in erefting and maintaining the faid lighthoufe or beacon, and in keeping the fame in repair, with the lights burning therein, cc as in confederation of the great ufe and publick benefit thereof, and alfo for and in confederation of the yearly rent in and by thefe our

u letters



173°-] Anno feftio	GtoitGiiII. c.36.

c< letters patent referved* and of the covenants and claufes herein u expreJJ'ed, on the part and behalf of. the faid William Trench, u his executors, adminif rotors and ajfigns, to be done and perform-u of our efpecial grace, tf/zi £y /A** advice of our right trufty *c and well beloved coufin and counfellor Robert earl of Oxford^ 44 and earl Mortimer, our high treafurer of Great Britain, and Cc of our beloved counfellor Sir William Wyndham baronet, chart-44 cellor and under treafurer of our exchequer, have given and grant-44 ^/, by thefe prcfents for us, our heirs and fuccejfor s, do give *4 and grant unto the faid William Trench all that the free liber-*4 ty, licence, power and authority of erecting, fupporting and 44 maintaining a lighthoufe or lighthotifes, beacon or beacons, zwV/6 44	to be continually burning therein in the night feafon,

44 ya/rf //fozz^	^Skerries zz^zr Holyhead zVz county

44 ^ Anglefea, /zz dominion of Wales; tfzzi alfo full power and 44 authority to demand, colleft, receive and take of and for every 44 /hip, fey, tofe crayer, catch or other vejfel (except our finps of 44	which Jhall pafs to, from or by the /aid if and or rock of

44 Skerries, ^z* zzzyigfe thereof ’ or having any benefit by the faid 44 lighthoufe or lighthoufes, /A* toy of one penny upon every tun, 44 according to the burden of the Jhip or vejfel; <?zzi ^ from all 44 Jbips, feyr,	crayers,	catches, and other ve/fels or bottoms

44 whatsoever (except our Jhips of war) which Jhould pafs to~, from, 44 by or near the faid ifiand or rock 0^ Skerries, Jhall or may have 44 <2/zy benefit by the faid lighthoufe or lighthoufes, although fuch 44 Jhip or vejfel do not ufually pafs in or to any of our ports, havens cc or creeks, to zzz	of neceffity by Jlorm, tempefl or leakages,	or

44 for relief of their wants, tfzzi although fuch Jhip or other vejfel 44 Jhall not unload or take in any lading or b alia ft, the like fum or 44 toy of one penny for every tun, according to the burden of fuch c4 Jhip or other vejfel \ and alfo the further power and authority to 44 afk, demand, colic ft, levy and receive, the faid duty of one penny 44 per ta/z, zzz all and every or any of our cuft omhoufes, cafiles, 44 forts, harbours, roads, creeks, ports and bays, when the faid 44 Jbips, or other bottoms or vejfels whatsoever, J,hall harbour, put 44 in, or cafi anchor* whether the fame be there laden or not, to 44 have, hold, receive, and enjoy all and Jingular the faid duties, 44 liberty, licence, poivefs, and authorities, and other the pretnijfes 44 herein, and hereby granted or mentioned to be granted, with 44 their and every their appurtenances, unto the faid William 44 Trench, his executors, adminiftrators, and afjigns, fro?n the 44 day of the date of thefe our letters patent, for, during, and unto 44 the full end and term offixty years, from thence next enfuing and 44 fully to be compleat and ended, rendring and paying therefore 44 yearly to us, our heirs, and faccejfors, the yearly rent or fum of 44 five pounds, of lawful Britilh money, at the receipt of our exche-44 quer at Weftminfter, or to the hands of our receiver general of 44 North Wales for the time being, by equal half yearly payments, 44 at the feafi of Saint Michael the archangel, and the annuncia-44 tion of the blejfed Virgin Mary, in every year, during tbeftvbole 44 term hereby granted', provided always, that if it Jhall happen at

O 2	44	any



Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 36.	[173c,

<c any time, hereafter, that the faid yearly rent of five pounds hereby “ rcferved Jhall be behind or unpaid in part, cr z1^ whole, oy cc the fpace of forty days next after either of the faid feafl days, iC whereon the fame ought to be paid as afor'efaidthat then and in “ fuch cafe the faid William Trench,	executors,'	adminiflra-

“ or affigns, Jhall forfeit and pay to us,	heirs, and fuc~

“ ceffors, ^ yz/7/z of ten pounds, nomine pcenae, ziwr “ the faid rent, or fuch part thereof, as Jhall then be due and in “ arrears for every fuch default, provided alfo, that if the faid “ William Trench, 7?/x executors, adminifirators, or affigns, cc Jhall not inroll, or caufe to be inroiled thefe our letters patent, be-“ fore our auditor of Wales, order to the due charging of the, “ nvz/ hereby rej'erved, ivithin fix months after the date hereof, cc ^;z our letters patent to be void, and of no effect: and in regard that no other order or courj'e can well be taken for levying, cc the duties hereby granted towards the efablifhment and continu-<c ance of this good work, than in the port, roads, creeks, harbours, cc and havens, into which the merchants, mariners, or other per-“ fons, by and from whom the J'ame Jhall be payable, do and fball trade or arrive, we do by thefe prefents ordain and appoint, and <c afo frioily charge and command all and every the cuflomers, col-<c Ufiors, comptrollers, furveyors, fearchers, waiters, and their and every of their deputies and clerks r effectively, in all and every our ports and creeks within our dominions, and all captains, <c majors,. lieutenants, and other our officers belonging to any our forts and cafiles, and afo all wardens, portreeves, and keepers of <c any our ports, roads, harbours, and havens, and all wharfingers, cc porters, and labourers belonging to the water fide, and all other cc officers of the cufoms, to us, our heirs, and fucceffors now being, tc or which hereafter Jhall or may be in all, and every, or any of cc our ports, harbours, roads, creeks, havens, and places within cc our dominions, to whom it Jhall or may appertain, that neither they, nor any of them, during the faid term offix ty years, hereby granted, do or Jhall take or receive any entry or cocket, or give or <c make any permit or tranfire, or certify any cocket, return vi final-ling bill, or difcharge or permit any goods or floret to be laid on cc land, ar dif charged or fhippsd out from or on any fhip, hoy, bark, <c crayer, catch, or other veffel, or fujfer any fhip, hoy, bark, or <c other veffel, either flranger or Britifh, liable or fubjefi to the c c payment of the faid duties, to pafs by or from them, or any of cc them, without a ticket or note under the hand writing of the faid William Trench, his executors, adminifirators, or affigns, or cc his or their deputy or deputies, teflifying the payment of the faid cc duties hereby granted, as they tender our high difpleafure, and cc trader fuch pains and penalties as by the laws and fiatutes of this our realm may be inflified on the offenders, for fuch their con-tempt or neglefi of this our royal will and commandment; and to• the end and intent that the faid William Trench, his executors, e c adminifirators, and affigns may more ejfefiually have and enjoy the ^ full benefit and advantage of this our prefent grant, we do alfo c< by thefe prefents, for us, our heirs and fucceffors, require, charge,

“ and



*73°*] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. %6. -

44 and authorize our high treafurer of Great Britain^ and commif-44 ftoners of our treafury of Great Britain for the time beings the 44 lord warden of our cinque ports, and his deputies for the time be-ing, the mafter, wardens, tfzzz/ affiants of the corporation of the 44 Trinity Houfe ^Deptford Strond, /zz 0z/r county of Kent, 44 and,all other the like corporations within our realms or dominions, *4 zz/zi alfo all mayors, Jherijfs, juffices of the peace, bailiff's, tf/zi *44 to officers and minffers whatsoever, of us, tfzzr toVj, yto 44 ceffors, now, tfzzi for the time beings to whom it fall or may ap-<4 pertainy that they, tfzzi *z/*ry of them, zzz /tor feveral offices, 44 places, and ffations rejpeftively, be, from time to time, during 44 the term aforefaid, favouring, aiding, affijling unto the faid 44 William Trench, his executors, adminiflrators, and affigns, 44 tfzzi to /tor deputy and deputies,	a/'	zto;z,	zzz <7 to

44concerning the premiffes, upon requeji in that behalf by him-, 44 /Z^zzz, or any of them, /£ ^ zzzto* zzz yto manner as according to 44 right andjuffice ought to be done; tfto yto/ William Trench, 44 for himfelf, his .executors, adminiffrators, <7 to affigns, toZ> tov-44 by covenant, promife, tfto agree, to and with us, our heirs, and 44 fucceffors, that he the faid William Trench, to executors, ad-44 minffrators, and affigns, fall and will, at the end of[even years 44 zzfttr/ zz/to /Z>£ tote 0/* thefe prefents, and.fo aftenvards, at the 44 <?to ^ every feven years, during the term aforefaid, deliver upon 44 ftz/Z> to our auditor of Wales/i?r the time being, there to remain 44 for the future benefit of us, our heirs, and fucceffors, and for the 44 zzztfr^ certain knowledge of the value of the premiffes hereby grant-.

4 4	j /rzte account of all fuch profits as Jhall have rifen and ac-

44 zrzto tfto 08/ y2to to/to hereby granted, within the faid.

44	^ y^zz yftzrj next preceding fuch account to be made as a-

44 forefqid: and it is hereby further provided. That in cafe the faid <c. William Trench, his executors, adminiffrators, or affigns Jhall 44 zztfZ, within the fpace of five years next enfuing after the date■ of 44 '/Z?<y* letters patent, ere ft and build, or caufe to be erebled 44 and built, the faid lighthoufe or lighthoufes, or Jhall at any time 44 afterwards, during the faid term, fuffer the fame to run to ruin *4 and decay, or Jhall not keep and maintain a light or lights conti-44 nually burning therein in the night fieafon, for the benefit of fhip-44 ping, according to the true intent and meaning of thefe prefents,

44 that then, and in fuch cafe this our prefent grant Jhall be void 44 and of no effect; any thing in thefe prefents to the contrary there-44 of notwithstanding: and laftly, we will, and by thefe our letters 44 patent do, for us, our heirs, and fucceffors, grant unto the faid 44 William Trench, his executors, adminiffrators, and affigns,

44 that thefe our letters patent, or the inrollment thereof, Jhall be 44 go'od, firm, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and 44 purposes, according to the true intent and meaning of the fame,

44 and Jhall be deemed, confirued, and adjudged, in all our courts 44 and elfeivhere, in the mofl favourable and beneficial fenfe and 44 meaning, for the beff advantage of the faid William Trench,

44 his executors, adminiffrators, and affigns, and every of them,

44 notwithffanding the not expreffing the full yearly value oj the

O 3	44	pre~



Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 36.	[1730?

<c premljjes, tf/zi notwithjianting any mifrecital, or nonrecitaly or <c	mijnomery or other Pmi£iony defect,	imperfection whatfoever.

<c /# witnefs whereof we have caufed thefe our letters to be made pa-<c	Witnefs our felf at	Weftminfter, thf thirteenth day tf/’July,

*c thirteenth year of oar reign”

warrant from the lord high treafurer.

QAKER.

And whereas the faid William Trench did, purfuant to th§ power fo given him, a&ually ered and build a lighthoufe oq the faid rock or ifland, called the Skerries, and laid out and expended in the fame upwards of three thousand pounds, and alfo loft a fhip and cargo of materials of a confiderable value: (which were obliged to be fetched from diftant parts) with hi$ only fon, in going to the faid ifland to carry on the faid work: and whereas the faid lighthoufe has been, and is of conftaqt ufe and benefit, not only to his Majesty's fhips of war and pacquet boats, but likewife to other fhips and veflels palling and crofting between Great Britain and Ireland, and to and from Ireland to Great Britain, and to fhips failing through Saint George's Channel, to and from the ports fouth of Holyhead^ to the land's end of England, and of frequent qfe and benefit to the ports north of Leverpoob. and yvfiereas the faid William Trench departed this life pn or about the twenty-firft day of funey in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty-five, and by Lis laft will and teftament did charge the faid lighthoufe, and the duties thereof, with all his debts^ and left a legacy of five hundred pounds to Ruth Trenchy hi^ then wife, who became the only adting executrix of the faicj will, and made Sutton Morgan clerk, mafter of arts, and Anne ftis wife (daughter and-only furviving child of the faid William Trench) refiduary legatees: and whereas the faid Ruth Trenchy fince the death of the faid William Trench, hath, by deed dated the thirtieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and twenty-nine, conveyed all her right, title, and intereft of, in,, and to the faid legacy of five hundred pounds, and of, in^ and to the faid letters patent, and the lighthoufe erecfted oq the rock or ifland of Skerries y to the faid Sutton Morgan, hi§ heirs, and afligns, for the remainder of the term of fixty years, mentioned in the faid patent, on condition that he the faid Sutton Morgan (hall pay and difcharge, as well the creditors of the faid William Trendy as alfo the creditors of the faid Ruth Trench, whofe names are mentioned and fet forth in ^ fchedule annexed to the deed of aflignment made between the faid Sutton Morgan and the faid Ruth Trench: and whereas it fq happened, that during the life-time of the faid William Trenchy as well as fince the faid Sutton Morgan has been in pofleflion of the faid lighthoufe, that the expence of maintaining"the fgme has amounted to	more	than	the	duties	annually



£730.] Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 36.

m

collected, which is as well owing to the want of a fufficient power to oblige mailers and owners of Ihips, in certain cafes to pay, who have, and flill do refufe to pay the fame, as to fe-veral defedts and omiffions in the faid letters patent, and particularly in not obliging foreigners to pay double duties, as are paid to other lighthoufes: and whereas the laid William Trench, during his life-time, fupported and maintained the faid light-houfe almofl to the utter ruin of himfelf and family; and tire /aid Sutton Morgan hath, fince he had pofleffion thereof, maintained and fupported the fame as far as in him lay, and has borrowed and expended conliderable fums of money, over and above the money arifing by the duties granted by the faid letters patent, but is no longer able to fupport the fame, and the faid lighthoufe (though of very great ufe and benefit to the publick) mud inevitably fall to ruin and decay, unlefs the faid duties are extended, and fome further powers and encouragements given for the more effectual levying and collecting the fame, and the faid rent to the crown, and the arrears thereof be remitted, and whereas the equitable right in and to the faid letters patent, and to the faid lighthoufe, being veiled, as a-forefaid, in the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs and afiigns; and whereas it is judged abfolutely necefiary, that the faid lighthoufe fhould be preferved and kept up from and after the faid term of fixty years, and in confideration of the great expence the faid William Trench was at in erecting and building the fame, it is thought juft and reafonable, that the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and afiigns, fhould for ever have the keeping up and fupporting of the faid lighthoufe, which cannot o-therwife be effedled but by the aid and afliltance of parliament; wherefore, and to the intent that the faid letters patent may be confirmed, and made more effectual, and that the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and afiigns, may be the better enabled to maintain and keep the faid lighthoufe in fufficient re^ pair, and the lights therein continually burning in the night-feafon, and alfo to pay the debts of the faid William Trench de-ceafed, and the debts of the faid Ruth Tre?icb> as aforefaid; to the end a work of this publick nature, fo greatly beneficial to trade and navigation, may have all due and proper encouragement, may it therefore pleafe your moll excellent Majelly, at the humble requell of the faid Sutton Morgan, Anne his wife,

Ruth Trench, and the creditors of the faid William Trench, that it may be enadled, and be it enadted by the King’s moll excellent majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every the powers, liberties, privileges, authorities, and ^he duties granted in and by the faid letters patent, and the faid houfe,&c.vefl> lighthoufe, and all other rights, members, and appurtenances ed in Sutton therewith occupied and enjoyed, fhall be and are hereby de- Morgan> f°r clared to be firm, valid, and effectual to all intents and pur- ever* pofes whatsoever, and the fame are and fhall be valid, and

o*

have

Hosted

20p	Anno	tertio	Georgii	II.	c,	36.	[1730.

have continuance, from and after the expiration of the faid term of fixty years (thereby granted to the faid William Trench, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns) for ever, fubjedt neverthelefs to the provifo as to the maintaining of the faid lighthoufe, in the letters patent contained, and to the trufts herein after mentioned, and fhall be fully and abfolutely veiled in the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and afligns.

Rates for	II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

ftfps,	That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-

fand feven hundred and thirty, the faid Sutton Morganhis heirs, and affigns, are hereby authorized and impowered to demand, collect, receive, and take of and from the mailers and owners of every ihip, hoy, bark, crayer, catch, veflel, or bottom, pairing, crofting, or failing, in, or through Saint George's chanel, by Holyhead or Wicklow, to, or from any foreign port or place, or which fhall pafs or crofs the faid chanel* to or from any port, creek, or place, in Great Britain fouth-ward of Holyhead, from or to Wicklow, or any port, creek, or place, northward thereof, in the kingdom of Ireland, or that fhall pafs, crofs, or fail, from any port, creek, or place, northward of Holyhead, either from any foreign, or other port ,or place, and fail between Holyhead and the Calf of man, or any way in Saint George's chanel, to the fouthward of Dublin, and likewife from all coailers paffing to or from any port, creek, or place, in Great Britain north of Holyhead, from or to any other port, creek, or place fouth thereof, the fum of one pen-1 d. per tun. ny per tun coming into, and the like fum of one penny per tun going out of the faid ports, places, creeks, or harbours. Double for	in Great Britaifi or Ireland, as aforefaid, and double fuch du-

foreigners.	ties for any foreign fhip, veflel, or bottom, pading, crofling,

or failing in the like manner, according to their refpedlive burdens.

Coal (hips only III. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority to pay tor one aforefaid, That fhips and veflels loaden with coals in vear from * Great Britain north of Lever pool for Ireland, or the greatefl Great Britain part of their loading being coals, and pafling or crofling in to Ireland. manner aforefaid, from Great Britain to Ireland, (hall only pay for one voyage in every year, from Great Britain to Ireland? and for one voyage from Ireland to Great Britain, notwith-Handing they make feveral fuch voyages in the faid year, tq and from Ireland, in carrying on the coal trade, and the fame to be paid the firft voyage yearly, after the twenty-fourth day of Jnne^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty, before clearT mg out of the cuftom-houfes, either in Great Britain or Ire-land\ all which faid feveral duties fhall be levied and cohered by the fame means and methods, as are prefcribed by the faid letters patent, or dial I herein after be prefcribed.

50]. perann. IV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid* to be paid by That for and in confideration of the frequent and conftant firenera?m,a^er ^>ene^t *he Pacquet boats failing between Holyhead and Dublin ®eneia ’	*	recejvq



20 r

1730,] Anno tertlo Georgii II. c. 36.

receive by the laid lighthoufe, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty, his  Majesty’s poftmafter general, or the commiffioners appointed to execute that office for the time being, (hall, and are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to pay to the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and affigns, the annual fum of fifty pounds, without any office-fees, deduction, or poundage whatsoever, payable quarterly.

V.	And to the end that the feveral duties impofed by this prefent a6t, and the faid letters patent, may be more effectually levied and collected, be it further enaCted, That in cafe On nonpay-any owner, or matter, or any perfon having the rule or com-ment goods mand of any (hip or (hips, veffel orveffels, charged or char- may be Seized, geable with any the duties granted by this prefent aCr, or the

laid letters patent, (hall refufe to pay the fame, that then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and affigns, or his or their deputy pr deputies, or any or either of them, from time to time, to feize, take, and detain any of the goods or merchandizes, guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel, of or belonging to any of the matters or owners of fuch fhip, hoy, bark, crayer, catch, or veffel, and the fame to detain and keep, until he or they be fatisfied and paid the faid duties, and every of them;

?nd in cafe of any negleCt or delay in payment of the faid duties, for the fpace of three days after any fuch feizing, taking, and after 3 or detaining, as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be law- ^d^oUi^1^ ful to and for the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and affigns, n or to his or their deputy or deputies, receiver or receivers of the faid duties, or any of them, to caufe the fame to be ap-praifed by two pr more fufficient perfons, or fworn appraifers, pnd afterwards to fell the goods fo taken and appraifed, and therewith to fatisfy him or themfelves for or concerning the faid duties fo negleCted and delayed to be paid, together with the charge of fuch feizing, taking, detaining, and felling, rendring to the matter or owners of fuch (hip, hoy, bark, crayer, catch, or veffel, the overplus, if any there be.

VI.	Provided pevertheleff, That nothing in this aCt contain- Ships of war ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any of the ^tchargea-fhips or veffels of war belonging to his prefent Majetty, his

heirs, or fucceffors, with any the duties granted by this aCt, or the faid letters patent ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithttanding.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Sutton Morgan, Quit rent dif-his heirs, or affigns, (hall be for ever freed and difcharged from c|iarSed wlttl the payment of the quit rent of five pounds per annum, faved a anears* apd referved out of the duties arittng by the faid letters patent,

to the crown, and from all forfeitures for nonpayment of rent, and of and from all account or accounts to be given of the profits of the faid duties, and alfo from any arrear or arrears of fuch quit rent now due and owing; any thing in the faid letters

patent.



Anno tertio Georgii II. c.36.	[1730.

patent, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That in caf$ any fuit or fuits fhali be commenced agajmft any perfon or perfons, for any acft or thing done in purfuance of this acft, the acftion (hall be laid in the refpecftive county, whether in Great Britain or Ireland, where fuch a<5t was done, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch acftion or actions fo to be brought, may General iflue. plead the general iffue, and produce and give this acft, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a£t; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch acftion or actions (hall be brought in any other county in either of the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, than where the faid a£t was done, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon fuch verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his or their action or actions, after the defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover full cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

Sutton Mor- IX. And it is hereby further enacfted and declared by the au-£an>t(? keep thority aforefaid, That the faid lighthoufe is hereby vefted in the in^ood re-U ° Sutton Morgan, his heirs, and affigns, to the intent and pur-pair,	pofe that he the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs and affigns, (hall

from time to time keep and maintain the faid lighthoufe in good and fufficient repair, and (hall in the night feafon maintain a proper fire therein, fo as the trade and navigation in that channel may be effe&ually preferved, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and from and after all juft and reafonable ton able61*rea' cargos, that fhali or maY be expended in fupporting and main^ charcres, taining the faid lighthoufe, and the fire to be kept therein, and other charges incident thereunto, and fubject to the fame, it fhali and may be lawful for the faid Sutton Morgan, his heirs and aftigns, to retain out of the duties granted and confirmed by this act, all fuch fums as he the faid Sutton Morgan fhali or the duties to may expend in obtaining this act; and from and after the pay*-be fubjeft to ment thereof, that the faid duties fhali be liable and ftand fub-pay the debts. je& to the payment of all fuch debts as were due and owing from the faid William Trench, at the time of his death, to any perfon or perfons whatsoever, and alfo fubject and liable to the payment of the debts of the faid Ruth Trench, as herein before recited, after the debts of the faid William Trench are paid and fatisfied.

X.	And forafmuch as the duties hereby granted, extended, and confirmed, are not at prefent fufficient for the payment of the feveral debts and legacies charged on the faid lighthoufe, and maintaining the fame, for defraying the expence of paffing this acft, and paying the feveral fums, which the faid Sutton Morgan has bQrrowec} for, and expended in fupporting the faid

light*?



20J

1730*] Anno tertio Georgii II. C. 37.

Jighthoufe, fince the death of the faid William Trench, be It

therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Sutton

Morgan, his heirs, and affigns, are hereby impowered and de- Sutton Mor-

clared to have full and lawful authority, at any time hereafter, £an> ma^ hor~ ;	.j	.	, ^JrJ	row money on

by one or more indenture or indentures or mortgage, or any fecunty 0fth.e

other aft or afts, deed qr deeds, under his or their hands and duties, feals, duly executed, to borrow or raife any fun? or fums of money, upon the fecurity and credit of the duties hereby granted and extended, as to him or them fhall feem fitting and convenient, to pay off, and difcharge the debts and legacies before mentioned, and likewife to janfwer his or their future occafions nnd purpofes.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft contain^ John Robin-jed fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to deprive John cured™^* ^ Rohinfon of Gwerfylt, in the county of Denbigh, efquire, his heirs,

or affigns, or any perfon or perfons, of any right or title, which he or they have, or ought to have in or to the ifland or rock called Skerries, or any part thereof, or in or to any rent payable to him or them, for, or in refpeft of the fame, or to any arrears of fuch rent now due, but that he and they fhall and may have and enjoy the faid rock and ifland, and all powers and privileges belonging thereto, which he or they could or might have had or enjoyed, if this aft had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Pubfiek aft. That this aft fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts

of law or equity, within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as a publick aft; and all judges and jufiices of fuch courts are hereby required to take notice of it as fuch, without fpecial pleading the fame3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to explain, amend and render more effeftual an aft 'made in the tenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An ail for repairing the roads leading from Stump Cro fs, in the parifh of Chefterfbrd, in the county of EiTex, to Newmarket Heath, and the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge; and alfo an aft made in the eleventh year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An ail for repairing part of the road from Lon-don to Cambridge, beginning at the end of the parifh of Foulmire in the faid county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington Street in the tokvn of Cambridge.

The feveral tolls of joGeo. i. c. 12. and 11 Geo. 1. c. 5. which did commence from 30 May 1730, (hall continue till the faid two former afts fhall f?e expired. Continued by i^Geo, 2, c. 16.

Jnm

Hosted t, Google

Anno quarto Georgn II. c. 1—5.	[1731^

Anno	Regni GEORGII II.	.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the twenty-third day of January, Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty /even, in the firfi year of the reign of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. and from thence continued by gations to the twenty firfi day	January one thousand feven

hundred and thirty one, being the fourth fejfion of this prefent parliament.

CAP.'I.

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt* mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England j and for granting to his Ma-jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of v Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thpufand ' feven hundred and thirty one. EXP.

CAP. II.

An aft for punilhing mutiny and defertion, and, for the better payment of the. army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aft for repairing the roads leading from the mod Southern part of Butt Lane in the parilh of Lawton in the county palatine of Chefter to Law-ton, and from thence to Henfhalls Smithy upon Granage Green in the faid county.

The toll took place 1 May 1731. and is to have continuance for 21 years. Continued, ly 24 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. IV.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, tor the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one. EXP. 2s. in the pound.

CAP. V.

An aft for the further application of the finking fund, by pay-ing off one million of South-Sea annuities.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft made in the nirjth year of his late ma~ jefy King George the Firfi (for reviving and adding two millions to the capital fock of the South-Sea company) the whole in-creafcd capital flock of the faid company, being then computed at thirty three millions eight hundred and tzvo thousand four hundred eighty three pounds fourteen fillings and a half-penny, was divided into two equal parts, and one moiety thereof\ being therein fated at fexteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty one pounds feventeen fillings and a farthing, was to be converted into q joint fock, attended with certain annuities, payable out of the funds of the faid company, in lieu of all the dividends, profits and advantages , fuch moiety vaas then intitled to, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fourth day ofJune one thoufand



205

1731 3	Anno	quarto	Georgii	II.	c. 5.

/even hundred and twenty [even, and from thenceforth, with annuities at four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, the fame were thenceforward to be called, The joint flock of South-Sea annuities; and the other moiety or half part of the faid whole capital flock, amounting to the like fum of flxteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred forty one pounds feventeen Jhillings and a farthing, was to remain, continue and be in the faid company, as a joint flock in their own right, attended with the refidue of the annuities, or yearly funds payable in the exchequer for their faid whole capital, until the redemption thereof by parliament, and attended with the feveral alloivances fettled or to be fettled for charges of management, and with all the other benefits, profits of trade, privileges and advantages then belonging to the faid company; and by the fame aft it was provided. That after the feafl of the nativity of Saint John Baptifl in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, the fame flocks might be redeemed by any payments not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, and that fuxh payments Jhould from time to time be applied, either towards difeharging the principal films, which Jhould belong to the faid South-Sea company in their own right, or towards difeharging the principal fums of the faid South-Sea annuities, or towards difeharging as well the principal fums of the faid company, as of the faid South-Sea annuities, in Juch proportions, manner and form, as Jhould be preferibed by the refpeftive ah or a Lis of parliament for furniflnng fuch fums: and whereas by reafon or means of a fmall error in computing the amount of the whole increafed capital flock, and fince rectified, and by a payment and application of a fum of Jive hundred thousand pounds in moieties, towards reducing the capital fums both of the flock of the company, and of the joint flock of annuities, in pur fiance of an aft of the fir ft year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, the capital fum re- iGeo.a.ftat.2. maining due on each of them did amount to flxteen millions fix hun- G« dred fifty one thousand one hundred and one pounds twelve Jhillings and nine pence farthing rcfpeftively, and no more; and by a further payment and application of one million of pounds, toivards reducing the capital fum of the flock of the faid company, in purfuance of an aft of the third year of his Majefly s reign, the capital fum remain- ^Geo. 2. c.j 6, ing due on the flock of the fame company doth now amount to fifteen millions fix hundred fifty one thousand one hundred and one pounds twelve flnllings and nine pence farthing, and on the joint flock of annuities, to flxteen millions fix hundred fifty one thousand one hundred and one pounds.twelve Jhillings and nine pence farthing, and no more:- and whereas it is deemed juft and equitable, that the fum of one million flerling Jhould be paid and applied for and toivards paying off fo much of the faid remaining capital flock or principal fum belonging to the faid company, commonly called South-Sea annuities ; be it therefore enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual	„

and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch Sinking fund monies, as are or (hall be in the receipt of the exchequer, of f	fo

the fhrpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called quarterly, to

The be applied for



io 6

redeeming 1,000,0001. of South-Sea annuities.

Money maybe lent at qJ. per cent, on credit of the linking fund to make up a deficiency at Michaelmas.

Anno quarto GeoRGIIll. C. 5;	fi73'^

'the	finking fund,	arifen or to arife at or from the feaft of Saint

Michael the Archangel, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and thirty one (after payment ofy or referving fufficient to pay fuch monies, as have been directed by any former a6l or adls of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (ball be iffued and applied to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery* at the faid feaft-day, and afterwards quarterly, from time to time, as the fame (hall arife, fuch fum or Turns of money as (ball on fuch quarter day or days, be in the faid receipt of exchequer, for or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the faid capital (lock of annuities remaining due to the faid company, until the fame payments (hall in the whole amount to the fum of one million fterling; and that as the faid payments of principal money (hall be from time to time made, a proportional part of their faid capital (lock of annuities, and of the annuities attending thereon, (hall alfo from time? to time ceafe and determine, for the benefit of the publick.

II.	But as it may fo happen, that on the faid feajl-day of Saint Michael the Archangel, which Jhall he in the year of cur Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty-one, there may not le fufficient money in the receipt of the exchequer arifen from the faid furpluffes to fatisfy and pay the faid intire fum of one million, and the faid South-Sea company may defire then to receive the whole fum in one in tire payment in order to make one difir ibution of the whole amongfl all the proprietors of their faid capital fiock of annuities at one time; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That upon application being made by the faid company to the com-miffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and giving them notice of fuch their defire to have and receive the faid one million in one intire payment ten days at lead before the faid feaft-day, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-miftioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer, by warrant under their hands to permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the receipt of his exchequer fo much money, as together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, (hall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they (hall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an intereft for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum ; and in fuch cafe the money fo to be lent or advanced, (hall be iffued and paid to the faid company, together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, to compleat the payment of the faid intire fum of one million > and the monies 6	which



*73**] Anno quarto GeoRgii II. c. 5.	207

Which from thenceforth (hall arife from the faid fufpJufiTes, lhall quarterly be ifTued and applied to difcharge and fatisfy fuch loans with the intereft thereof, in the due order and common courfe of the exchequer, in cafes of loans ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IJL And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the The money to faid South-Sea company (hall forthwith, upon the receipt of the be diftributed faid fum of one million, or as foon after as conveniently may to the annuity be, divide out, and diftribute the fame, as near as may conve- ProPuetors* niently be done* amongft all the feveral proprietors of their faid capital flock of annuities, towards finking and difcharging fo much of their (hares or interefts in the faid capital flock of annuities, by even and equal dividends amongft them all, in pro-portion to their refpedlive fhares or interefts therein.

IV.	And to the end, intent and purpose that all truft eftates and interefts in the faid capital flock of annuities of the South- anrnujtants Sea company, may be preferved and improved for the benefit of how to a<ft. the perfons concerned therein, with the lead expence and inconvenience to them; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That in all and every cafes where, in purfuance of this a<5l, any payments or dividends (hall be made of the capital of any fuch annuity (lock, as (hall be veiled in any perfon or perfons in truft for other perfons, who have or claim diftindl or different interefts therein, or for any other ends or purposes, for which the capital fum or annuity ought to be preferved intire, fuch payments or dividends of the capital (lock of annuities (hall not be paid or applied as dividends of profit, annuity or intereft, but (hall remain in the hands of fuch truftees refpedlively, till otherwife difpofed of at intereft; and for that purpose it fhall and may be lawful to and for the tfuftee or truftees, who (hall receive the fame, at his or their difcretion, to lay out or difpofe of the fame or any part thereof, in the purchafe of fo much other capital (lock of the fame kind, as at the current market price of fuch annuity (lock the monies received for fuch dividends (hall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchafe; which new purchafed (lock of annuities (hall be transferred to fuch truftee or truftees, and a receipt or receipts fhall be given and figned by the perfon or perfons transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame; and in cafe fuch truftees refpec-tively, by writing indorfed on or annexed to fuch receipts, and figned or acknowledged before one of the mailers of the high court of chancery, (hall declare that the monies in the faid receipts were the produce of the faid dividends of the faid capital (lock of annuities, which figning or acknowledgment fuch mafters in chancery are hereby required to accept or take; and each and every fuch mafter, before whom the fame fhall be done, (hall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubfcribing his name thereto; for doing whereof fuch mafter (hall be paid for each fuch certificate one (hilling and no more; then, and in every fuch cafe, the annuity (lock mentioned in fuch receipts to be transferred, (hall refpedtively go and be. deemed fubjedl and

liable



2o8	'	Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 6,7.	[173^

liable to the fame trufts, for the benefit of the fame perfons, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft annuity ftock remaining in fuch truftees refpeftively will or ought to be fubjeft and liable to; and fuch truftees refpeftively fhall from thenceforth be indemnified from any lofs, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the expences of the faid truft eftates.

V.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to reftrain or prohibit any fuch truftees from laying out or difpofing of any of the faid truft monies in any other purchafes or any other fecurities* whether publick or private, if they fhall fo think fit, in the fame manner and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves as they might have done if this aft had not been made.

CAP. VI.

An act to indemnify perfons who through ignorance of law have omitted to qualify themfelves for imployments or offices, by taking the oaths’, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation, and receiving the facrament, and members of corporations who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and perfons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their affent and confent to the fame, according to law, upon the terms therein mentioned. EXP.

Perfons qualifying themfelves before 23 January 1731. indemnified. Members of corporations who have neglefted to take the oaths of office, qualifying themfelves by 21 January 1731. indemnified. Offices avoided by law, not to be reftored. Ecclefiaftical perfons who have omitted to read the Common Prayer in time indemnified. But not to prejudice others lawfully inflituted in their places.

CAP. VII.

3Geo.2. c. 25

An a 51 to explain and amend an a5l made in the third year of his Majejlys reign, intituled, An aft for the better regulation of juries, fo far as the fame relates to the county of Middlefex.

WHEREAS by an a5t of parliament made in the third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An aft for the better regulation of juries, it is among other things emitted. That no perfons fhall be returned as jurors to ferve on trials at any affixes or Nifi prius, or at the great fefftons in Wales, or at the feffions for the counties palatine of Lancafter, Chefter and Durham, who have Jerved within the fpace of one year before in the county of Rutland, or four years in the county of York, or of two years before in any other county, not being a county of a city or town : and if any fuch Jheriff fall wilfully tranfgrefs therein, any judge or jujlice of affize, or Nifi prius, or of the faid great feffions, or the judge or judges of the feffions for the faid counties palatine, may, and is hereby required, on examination and proof of fuch offence in a fummary way, to fet a fine or fines upon every fuch offender, as he fhall think meet, not exceeding five pounds for any one offence', and whereas by reafion of the frequent feffions <?/Nifi prius in the court of king's bench, common pleas and exchequer at Wefiminfter, the faid provifion cannot be put in execution in the county of Middlefex, but is found to be impratticable be it therefore cnafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by



1i.] Anno quarto GeoRGJI II. c. 8,9.	209

and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame* That from and after the firft day of After 1 May May in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and 173claufe m thirty one, the faid recited claufe or any part thereof (hall not extend extend or be conftrued to extend to the faid county of Middlefex. to Middlefex.

II.	.Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore- None to be faid* That no perfon (hall be returned to ferve as a juror at any returned, who feffion of Nifi prim in the county of Middlefex, who has been has been re-returned to ferve as a juror at any fuch feffion of Nifi prius in tw^terrns1 S fhe faid county, in the two terms or vacations next immediate- preceding.

]y preceding, under fuch penalty upon the fheriff, under fheriff, Made perpe-bailiff or other officer imployed or concerned in the fummoning tual h or returning of jurors in the faid county of Middlefex, as might 6Geo-2* c-37* iaave been inffidted upon them or any of them for any offence again ft the faid recited claufe.

. III. And whereas by the very frequent occafions there are for Leafeholders* juries in the county of Middlefex, and by the fmall number of where theim-freeholders that are in the faid county, the fheriffs of the faid ^mountto^ol county may be under difficulties in procuring juries to anfwer p^°^nnlim5° * the purpofes of this adt; for remedy whereof be it enadted by liable to ferv® the authority aforefaid, That all leafeholders upon leafes where on juries, the improved rents or value fhall amount to fifty pounds or upwards per annum, over and above all ground rents or other refer-Vations payable by virtue of the faid leafes, fhall be liable and obliged to ferve upon juries when they fhall be legally fummon-ed for that purpofe; any thing in this or any former a61 to the tontrary notwithftanding*

CAP. VIII.

An a<5t for the more eflfedtual repaiiing the road leading from Godftone in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, at the entrance into Afhdown Foreft in the parifh of Eafl Grinfted iii the county of SufTex.

The toll took place i May 1731, and fhall continue till the expiration of the a6t ioGeo. 1. c. 13.

CAP. IX.

An aft for raiftng ode million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejfion of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and orders, loft, burnt or oiherwife de-ftroyed.

WHEREAS in and by an aft made and pajfed in the ninth 9 & xoW.3, and tenth years of the reign of our late fovereign lord King c. 2$*

Williahi the Third, of glorious memory ^intituled, An adt for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, further duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, it is enafted, That from and after the firjl day of Auguft in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety eight, there fhall be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town /t/* Berwick upon Tweed,

Vol. XVI;	P	raifid,	.

Hosted by Goo; :

9 Sc 10 W c. 44.

6 Ann. c.

3Geo. 2.

jGeo, 2.

Anno quarto Georgii II. c.g. [1731,

fai/edy collefted and paid unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors for every for the feveral and refpeftive things therein -mentioned, which Jhould be written or ingrojfed at any time or time5y from and after the faid fir ft day of Auguft one thousand fix hundred and ninety eighty over and above the rates and dutiesy and fums of money then payable to his Majefiy or to any perfon or perfonSy bodies politick or corporate zvhatfoevery for the famey the feveral and refpeftive rates, impositions, dutieSy charges and fums of moneys therein particularly expreffed : and whereas in and by one other a ft made and pajfed in the fame fef-• 3. fion of parliament y intituledy An adt for raifing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annumy and for fettling the trade to the Eafi-Indiesy as alfo in and by one other aft made and pa fed in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefiy £)ueen 17. Anne, intituled, An adt for alluring to the Englijh company trading to the Eaft-Indie$y on account of the united flock, a longer time in the fund and trade therein mentioned, and for raifing thereby the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, for carrying on the war, and other her  Majesty’s occafions, all the monies arifing by the faid feveral additional duties on fiampt vel-lumy parchment and papery by the firjl recited aft granted for every are appropriated with other duties on fait and rock falty for the raifing and making good a yearly fund of one hundred andfixty thousand poundsy for and upon the refpeftive principal fums of two millions, and one million two hundred thousand pounds, advanced and paid in purfuance of the two afts. lafi mentioned: and ivhereas by an aft made e. 14. and pajfed in the third year of the reign of his prefent majefiy King George the Secondy intituledy An adt for reducing the annuity or fund of the united Eafi-India company, and for afcertaining their right of trade to the Eafi-IndieSy and the continuance of their corporation for that purpofe, upon the terms therein mentioned, it is amongfi other things enaftedy That from and after the twenty ninth day of September which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the faid annuity or yearly fund of one hundred andfixty thousand pounds fioould be and is thereby reduced to an annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds, in refpeft of the J'aid capital fiock or debt of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and that the faid reduced annuity Jhould be and remain charged upon, and be payable from time to time out' of the fame duties and revenues and by the like zveekly or quarterly payments, and with the fame provifions for making good any deficiencies from time to time in the faid reduced fundy until fome new er other provifion be made by parliament, with confent of the faid u-nited company for the fame : and whereas by another aft made and faffed in the third year of his faid Majefiy* s reigny intituledy An adt c.2o. jrQr takjng 0ff certain duties on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby, and for charging the reduced annuity payable to the Eafi-India company on the aggregate fund, and for relief of Matthew Lyon, executor of Mattheiv Page deceafed, in refpedt of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Mercy in the year one thousand feven

hundred



2i r

I 1,731.} Anno quarto GeoRGII II. c.g.

hundred and twenty four, it is amongft other things enatfed. That

from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred a?id thirty, the reduced annuity of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds, payable to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, Jhould be transferred from the feveral duties and revenues then before charged with the faid annuity or yearly fund of one hundred andfixty thousand pounds, and be charged upon and payable out of the monies arijen or to arife into the exchequer from time to time, for the feveral duties and revenues com-pofing the aggregate fund, to be paid to the faid company and their fuccejfors, by fuch and the like quarterly payments, as their then pre-fent annuity waspayable, and from and after fuch time as the faid reduced annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand pounds fhould become charged on the faid aggregate fund, the faid additional duties on Jiampt vellum, parchment and paper Jhould from thenceforth be difcharged from the Jaid reduced annuity or yearly fund, and be deemed a faving to the publick, and Jhould go and be applied to fuch ufes and purpofes as Jhould be directed by parliament; and whereas by another aft made and pajfed in the third year of his faid Majeftfs reign, intituled, An a<ft for railing five hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills, towards the fupply 3 Geo. 2.c.i6» granted to his Majesty, and for the further application of the produce of the'finking fund, for applying the arrears of former land taxes, for'appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament, and for giving relief with refpecft to an over-payment to the land tax for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty one, by the receiver general for the county of Salop, it Was amongft other things enafted, That the exchequer bills which were made forth in purfnance of the faid la ft mentioned aft, and the in-teref, premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the fame,

Jhould be charged and chargeable upon the firjl aids or fupplies which foQuid be granted in parliament next after the tzventy ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and in the mean time, and until fuch fupplies Jhould be granted, the fame Jhould be and are thereby charged and chargeable on fuch furplus monies, as at any time or times from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty, Jhould arife into the exchequer from the feveral duties and revenues then charged with the annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, and Jhould be more than fujficient to pay and fatisfy the quarterly payments or arrears of the faid annuity or yearly fund, or zvhich Jhould thereafter arife by the faid duties and. revenues, by the reduction made in the faid annuity or yearly fund, Jhould be quarterly applied towards the defraying and paying the premium, interejl and charges attending the faid exchequer bills, and fubjeft thereto, towards cancelling and difcharging the principal of the faid exchequer bills in courfe, and fubjeft thereto, the faid furplus monies Jhould be referved for the future difpofition of parliament : and whereas all the exchequer bills made forth in pur finance of the laft recited aft, which remained uncancelled and un dif charged, with all premiums, rates, intereji and other charges attending thereon, have been or are intended to be fully paid off, fatisfied and dif charged, by

P %	and



i 12

Anno quarto GeorGii It. c. g.	fi73!.•

and out of the aids or fupplies granted or to be granted to Ins Ma-jefty for the fervice of the year one thonfand feven hundred and thirty by means whereof the faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper are freed and difeharged from all incumbrances whatsoever, and remain for the dijpofition of parliament: now we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afleinbled* being defirous to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in the eafieft manner we are able for the benefit of your fubjedls, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and do1 by this a<5t give and grant unto your Majesty, the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after diredled ; and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it ena<fted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the annuities which by this a£l fhall be granted and made payable in refpeeft of the faid principal fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, until redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after mentioned, fhall, from and after the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptijl one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which, from and after the faid feaft day, fhall from time to time arife into the exchequer, by or from the faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper; and the faid additional duties are hereby appropriated for that purpofe.

II. And it is hereby enafted, That all the monies ariftng arifing by the by the faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parch-additional ■	-	-	-	*	-	*	'	-	~*

duties to be entred.

i,200,000 U to be raifed and charged on the additional ft am p duties.

The

monies

Annuities at 3 1. 10 s. per cent, per ann. to commence

ment and paper for payment of the feveral and refpedlive annuities which fhall be payable upon this a£t, fhall be fairly and duly entered in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer and clerk of the pells for that purpofe, to which all perfons concerned, at all feafonable times, (hail have free accefs without fee or charge.

III. And for or towards railing the faid fum or fums of money* not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for from-29 Sept. any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or 73 *	corporate,	to contribute, advance and pay into the receipt of his

Majefty’s exchequer for his  Majesty’s ufe, at fuch time or times as fhall be appointed by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now7 being, or by the high-treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for" the time being, any fuen or fums of money not exceeding four hundred thousand pounds in part of the faid whole fum of onet million two hundred thousand pounds, for the abfolute pur-chafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence front 2	the



173 *•] Anno quarto Georgii II, C- 9.



the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty one., and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, fhe or they (hall nominate his, her or their executors, adminidrators, fucceffors and affigns re-fpedively, until the redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein after contained in that behalf; which certain annuities (hall be computed at the rate of three pounds ten (ffilr lings per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportion?-ably for any greater fum fo to be advanced and paid ; and the purchafe money fo paid for every fuch annuity at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer at the time or times before mentioned; all which annuities fo to be purchafed, fhall be paid and payable at two of the mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year, that is to fay, the fead of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal portions; the ancj paid half jfird payment thereof to be due and payable at the fead of the yearly, annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary in the year of pur Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two.

IV.	And it i$ hereby enaeded. That in the offices of the au- Contributors ditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells in the exchequer feve- names, &c. rally, there fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in

which there fhall be fairly entered the names of all perfons who ^the auc^t*r fhall be contributors for fuch certain annuities as aforefaid, and and clerk of .of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors fhall pay in the pells, any of the faid fums upon this a6t, and alfo the fums paid for fuch annuities ; to which book it dtall be lawful for the faid re-fpedtive contributors, their executors, adminidrators and affigns ffiom time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort and to infpedt the fame without fee or reward.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Annuities That all and every the annuities fo to be purchafed upon this how to be prefect a61, fhall be and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid, paid and payable, from time to time, out of the money ariling

by the faid additional duties on damped vellum, parchment and paper by this a61 diredied to be applied for the payment thereof, and that all and every contributor and contributors upon this acd, duly paying the conlideration or purchafe money at the rate aforefaid, at the time or times in this a6t limited in that Jaehalf for any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, qr fuch as he, (he 01* they fhall appoint his, her or their refpedtive executors, adminidrators, fucceffors and affigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this a6t to have, receive and enjoy the refpedtive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out of th,e monies by this a6t appropriated, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that all and every fuch purr chafers, their executors, adminidrators, fucceffors and affigns reflectively, fhall have good, fure, abfolute and indefeafible e-jftates and intereds in the feveral annuities, fo by them refpec-tively to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning

a perfonal e-ftate.

Tallies and orders to be ftruck for the annuities.

Orders affign-able.

Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 9:	[1731.

ing of this aft ; and that all fuch eftates and interefts of and in the faid annuities and every of them, (hall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in conftruftion of law, and in all courts of law and equity whatsoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and fhall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons dying poflefled thereof, interefted therein or intitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fuch perfon or perfons; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed on this aft as aforefaid, and every of them fhall be free from all taxes, charges and im-pofitions whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every contributor upon this a61 for any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or aftigns upon payment of the confideration or pur-chafe money for the fame at the rate aforefaid, into the faid receipt of exchequer, at the time or times in this aft limited in that behalf, fhall immediately have one or mote tally or tallies levied, importing the receipt of the purchafe money as fhall be fo paid for any fuch annuity or annuities at the rate aforefaid ; and every fuch contributor, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or aftigns refpeftively, fhall have an order for paying the faid annuity or annuities, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf, which order fhall be ftgned by the trea-furer and under treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being; and, after figning thereof, the fame fhall be firm, good, valid and effeftual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and fhall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiftioner or commif-fioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of th$ power, office or offices of them, or any of them; nor fhall any lord high treafurer of Great Britain, treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiftioners of the treafury now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand or make void fuch orders fo figned as aforefaid, or any of them.

VIL And be it further enafted, That the proprietors of the orders to be made forth for the faid annuities in purfuance of this'aft, ftiall or may, from time to time, by proper words of affignment to be indorfed on his, her or their order, aflign or transfer his, her or their right, title, intereft or benefit of fuch order or orders to any other perfon or perfons, which- being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt, the officers there fhall caufe an entry or memorial thereof tojbe made in the book of regiftry for fuch orders, without fee or charge ; and after fucl> entry made, fuch affignment fhall intitle fuch affignee, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and aftigns to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties> and afterwards it

6	frail

Hosted by

Google

173r-]	Anno	quarto	Georgii	II.	c. gl	2i£

fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who (hall make fuch aflignments, to make void, releafe or difcharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII.	And whereas it may fo happen, in procefspf time, that feve- New or^ers ral of the faidjianding orders may become defaced^ obliterated or incum- to be macje bred with many alignments indorfed thereon, or by reafon thereof or forth in lieu forne other defeats therein, it may become necejfary that the faid de- of defaced faced, obliterated, incutnbred or otherwife defective orders Jhall beones* taken in and cancelled, and new orders made forth, and delivered to

the oivners and proprietors of the orders fo to be cancelled, in lieu thereof; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all or any of the faid cafes, any three or more of the com-miflioners of the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, may, if he or they fhall fo think fit, from time to time, caufe to be made forth new handing orders for and in lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwjfe defective orders, fo as fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwife defective order orders be at the fame time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders to be made out in lieu thereof be made payable to the perfon or perfons who fhall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the faid order or orders fo delivered up and cancelled at the time of fuch delivery up as a-aforefaid ; and the auditor of the receipt aforefaid fhall always take care that fuch entries or memorandums be made upon the faid new orders as may denote their being made out in lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwife defective orders cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againftany double payments, for or by reafon of the making out or ifluing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

IX.	And for the preventing all frauds and abufes in or about

the faid Handing orders or any alignments thereof, or the re- Uerfor^affigu-ceiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon, be it enadled ments, &c. by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons what- felony, foever (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a6t and aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any order or orders made forth or to be made forth in purfuance of this prefent a61, or any aflignment or alignments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difcharge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any fuch order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument to transfer, aflign, aliene or convey any fuch order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a<5t or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any of the proprietors of any fuch order or orders, in or to any fuch pretended aflignment, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or fhall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour tg have or receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or

P 4.	any



All receipts and iifues to be without lee.

216	Anno	quarto	Georgii	II.	C.	9.	£1731:

any part thereof, by virtue of any fuch forged or counterfeited receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or {Rail falf-ly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the faid order or orders, and thereby affigning or endeavouring to afiign any of the faid order or orders, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money of fuch true and lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true and lawful owner thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every per-fon and perfons, being thereof lawfully convifted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging perfons to advance the faid fum of four hundred thousand pounds in part of the faid whole fum not exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, upon the refpeftive terms and advantages in this aft mentioned, that all receipts and iffues, and all other things direfted by this aft to be performed in the exchequer, (hall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving direftly or indirectly any fee,, reward or gratuity for the fame ; and in cafe the officers of the exchequer fhall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or fhall divert or mifapply any of the monies to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, for making up the aforefaid fund, or fhall pay or iiTue out of the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this aft, or fhall not keep books or regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this aft they are required to perform, every fuch officer fhall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of trufl whatsoever, and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages and cods pf fuit to any contributor or perfon claiming under him, that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at JVeJhmnJler^ wherein no effoign, protection, privilege or wager of law, injunction or order of reflraint, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed ; and in the faid aCtion the plaintiff, upon recovery, fhall have full cofts of fuit, one third of which fum fo to be recovered, fhall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, for the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other two thirds fhall be to and for the ufe of the profecutor.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That out of the monies from time to time arifing be paid out of at the laid receipt of exchequer, of or for the faid additional dudesdln°nal duties on ^amPe(^ vellum, parchment and paper hereby appropriated as aforefaid,. it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward the officers and clerks in the exchequer, and others, that fhall and may be any way employed in the execution of this aft, in relation to the faid annuities to be payable thereupon, for their labours, pains and fervices therein rpfpeftively, and to difcharge

and

Charge of management to

fiamps.



J73**] Anno quarto Georgii II. c.

and fatisfy fuch incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of the fame, in fuch manner as the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high trea-furer for the time being (hall from time to time think lit and reafonable in that behalf; apy thing in this a61 contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And wherea§ it is intended that a further fum, not exceeding eight hundred thousand pounds, /hall be raijed by way of a lottery, and be charged on the fame additional duties upon /lamped vellum, parchment and paper, which, with the fum of four hundred thousand pounds before by this aft dire fted to be charged thereupon, will complete the faid whole fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, intended by this aft to be raifed upon the faid additional duties ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That yearly and eyery year, from and after the twenty fourth day o (June one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, a further certain yearly fum of twenty four thousand pounds, by and out of the monies which, from and after the faid feaft day, (hall arife and be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of or for fhe faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, fhall be, and the fame yearly fum of twenty four thousand pounds is by this a6t declared and enadled to be a fund and fecurity for anfwering and paying all and every the annuities or yearly payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to the contributors in the lottery herein after mentioned, their executors, adminiftra-jtors and affigns, in manner hereafter in this a6l exprefled, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo hereafter in this a6t contained in that behalf; and that the faid yearly fum of twenty four thousand pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and difcharge all the fums which (hall grow due from time to time, for or upon the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall, from time to time, be paid half yearly at Chrifmas and Midfummer, by even and equal portions, until redemption of the faid annuities, according to the true meaning of this a6t, at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the chief cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for payment of the fame annuities, the firft payment of the faid yearly fum to the faid ca-(hier to be made on the twenty fifth day" of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty one; and the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury now being, and the high treafurer, under treafurer and commiffioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs and lucceffors for the time being, are hereby ftridlly enjoined and required to caufe the faid yearly fum of twenty four thousand pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, to be imprefted and paid, from time to time, to the faid cafhier accordingly, without any further or other authority for the fame; any former ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further ena6led by the authority aforefaid. That for or towards railing the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand

217

After 24 June 1731, a further yearly fum of

24,0001* fettled on the faid duties for fhe ' lottery.

Any perfons may purchafc tickets.



Anno quarto GEORdii II. c. 9.'

1*73*'

fand pounds, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate to contribute, by paying at or before the refpe&ive times by this a<5t Jimited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers intire fums of ten pounds, upon this adt; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer for every fuch fum of ten pounds which he, (he or they (hall fo advance, (hall be interefted in fuch lot or (hare of and in the faid'yearly fund eftablifhed by this a£t, as is herein after directed and appointed in that behalf; and the fame intire fums of ten pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers, at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time on or before the twentieth day of Augujl one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, as fhall be appointed by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, are Allowance for hereby impowered to caufe fuch an allowance out of the fums prompt pay- fo to be contributed, or any of them, for prompt payment to be made, as he or they in his or their difcretions (hall think meet and reafonable.

Treafury to appoint managers. Tickets to be prepared. Treafury to appoint receivers. Managers to examine the books, and deliver them to the receivers. Tickets to be delivered at iol. apiece. Receivers on go Aug. 1731, to re-deliver the books to the managers. Tickets not dif-pofed of, to be returned into the exchequer as cafh. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and put into a box marked (A.) The managers (hall prepare books divided into two columns, and upon the inner-moft column (hall be printed 80,000 tickets, Sec. and 8,000 (hall be called The Fortunate Tickets, that is to fay, two of them feverally io,oool. four of 5,000b two of g,oool. .five of 2,000!. fourteen of i,oool. twenty one of 500I. two hundred and thirty feven of jool. feven thousand feven hundred and fifteen of 20I. which with 500I. to the firft drawn ticket, and i,oook to the laft drawn, will amount in the whole to 260,000k which being added to 540,000k (the principal payable on the remaining 72,000 blank tickets) amount to 800,000k Tickets in the outermoft columns to be put into the Box (B.) No money to be received after 30 Aug. 1731. The whole to be performed by 18 Nov. 1731. Qn 24 Nov. 1731, the boxes to be brought into Guildhall. Fortunate tickets to be printed. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Managers to be fworn. Contributors failing in payment of the whole fum, to forfeit the money advanced. Undifpofed tickets to be kept as cafh. Managers, See. to be rewarded out of the additional duties on (lamps. Guardians may contribute for infants. The tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Exp.

ment#

Accountant general of the bank to give credit to the perfons named in the certificates for the fums therein contained*

, XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid accountant general of the bank of England for-the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be dire&ed as aforefaid, fhall, upon receiving and taking in of the faid certificates or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in a book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate ; and the perfons to whofe credit every the (aid principal fums (hall be entred in the faid boofc or books, his, her or their

executors



219

*731 *3 Anno quarto Georoii II. c.

executors and adminiftrators fhall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare or proportion thereof, Certificates to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate a*%*akle* whatsoever, in other books to be provided and kept by the faid accountant general for that purpofe; and the principal fums, fo afligned or transferred, fhall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by this a<5t, according to the power and authority herein after mentioned, until redemption thereof as aforefaid; and the faid accountant general of the bank of England for the time being is hereby authorized and directed to cancel and file the certificates as they (hall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing the fame, a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuity attending the fame.

XXX.	And it is hereby enabled, That every perfon fo to be Annuities on named in the faid certificates, his, her or their executors, ad- tickets to bear miniftratdrs and afligns fhall have, receive and enjoy, and be p^cen^per intituled, by force and virtue of this a<ft, to have, receive and ann. payable enjoy an annuity or annuities after the rate of three pounds per half yearly. centum per annum for the refpecftive principal fums fpecified in

fuch certificate, until redemption thereof, according to the pro-vifo herein after contained in that behalf, out of the money of the faid yearly fund by this aft eftablifhed and appropriated for that purpofe; which annuities fhall be payable and paid half yearly at the feaft-days above mentioned, by even and equal portions, or within fix days next after every or any fuch feaft-days, until the faid annuities (hall be redeemed, by paying off the faid refpedtive principal fums, and all arrearages of the fame annuities, if any be, according to the provifo herein after mentioned; the firft payment to begin and be made at the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, or within fix days after; and that the faid yearly fum of twenty four thousand pounds, or fo much thereof as lhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer and fatisfy the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as the fame fhall become due, are and fhall be appropriated and applied thereunto, and fhall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever.

XXXI.	And it is hereby enadled, That the faid annuities, payable after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and

all and every the principal fums for which the fame are to be To be free payable, fhall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions from taxes, whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England and their fucceffors, fhall from time to time, until the faid annuities after Bank to ap-the rate of three pounds per centum per annum fhall be redeemed P0^ a chief according to this a^ft, appoint and employ one fufficient perfon ^^ununt

within general.



Lottery annuities to be one joint ftock.

Shares therein arguable*

Bank to continue a corporation till thefe annuities be redeemed.

No fee to be taken.

Anno quarto Georgii II. c.gI [1731*

within thetr office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft cafhier, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accountant general; and that the faid calhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies fhall from time to time be blued for payment of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall from time to time without delay apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and the faidaccountr ant general for the time being fhall from time to infpedt and examine all receipts and payments of theiaid cafhier, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all perfons and corporations who fhall be intitled to any of the fame annuities fo to be payable by the cafhier of the bank of England for the time being, pur-fuant to this adt, and all perfons claiming under them lhall be poffefled thereof as a perfonal eflate, and the fame (hall not be dependable to the heir, and lhall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law fta-tute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding-

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afpre-faid, That all the principal monies, for which the faid feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum fhall be payable by the cafhier of the bank of Etigland for the time being as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be one capital or joint ftock, on which the fame annuities fhall be attending, and fhall be called The joint Jlock of lottery a?inuities for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty - one ; and that all perfons and corporations, in proportion to their refpedtive annuities, fhall have a fhare in fuch ftock, and that all fuch (hares fhall be affignabl.e, transferable and devifeable, in the fame manner as is preferibed by adt or adts of parliament made in the firft year of his late  Majesty’s reign, touching the annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum therein mentioned, and that no ftamp duties whatsoever fjiall be chargeable on fuch transfers; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England (notwithftanc)ing the redemption of all or any other funds or annuities in purfuance of the adts for eftab-lifhing the fame, or any of them) fhall continue a corporation to all intents and purpofes relating to the receiving, paying or accounting for the laid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum fo payable by their cafhier, till the fame fhall be redeemed according to this adt; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any members thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adh

XXXIV.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no fee or gratuity whatsoever fhall or may be demanded or taken of any of his  Majesty’s fubjedts for paying the faid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum, or any of them, by the faid cafhier for the time being; and that no fee or gratuity fhall be demanded or taken for anv transfer of any furp>

great



221

1751.J	Anno quarto GeoR&ii II. c.g.

great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this a61, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking any fee or gratuity contrary to this adt, fhall forfeit the fumof twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cofts in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfler.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all the monies of the laid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper by this adt appropriated, or men- Additional tioned to be appropriated as aforefaid, fhall be iffued and ap- duties on the plied in manner and form following; that is to fay (fuch char-j^P^jj^ to ges as are herein before diredted to be paid thereout excepted)

to anfwer and pay the annuity of fourteen thousand pounds, being after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, upon the principal fum of four hundred thousand pounds, by this adt before diredted to be advanced and paid into the receipt of the exchequer, upon credit of the faid additional duties, reckoning the firft payment thereupon to be paid and payable at the feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed virgin Mary in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, and the fubfequent payments half yearly, by even and equal portions, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and after referving fufficient to pay and fatisfy from time to time fo much as at any half yearly feaft day fhall be grown due upon the faid annuity of fourteen thousand pounds, by this adt made payable at the receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, then to iffue and* pay unto the faid cafhier of the bank of England\ out of the monies remaining in the faid receipt of exchequer, arifen by the faid additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, the further yearly fum or annuity of twenty four thousand pounds, for anfwering and paying all and every the annuities or yearly payments after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to the contributors in the lottery in this adt before mentioned, reckoning the firft payment thereupon to be paid and payable at the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, and the fubfequent payments half yearly, until redemption thereof by parliament as aforefaid.; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if at any time or times the produce of the faid additional

duties on ftamped Vellum, parchment and paper fhall happen Deficiency to be fo low or deficient, as that the monies arifing therefrom h°vV t0 into the exchequer fhall not be fufficient to pay and difcharge luPP*iedv both or either of the refpedtive annuities by this adt appropriated and diredted to be paid thereout, at the end of either of the refpedtive half yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby diredted to be made, then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies fhall and may be fup-plied out of the overplus monies that (hall or may happen to



222	Anno	quarto	GeoRGH	II.	c.g.	[173r*

arife and be paid into the exchequer, in any or either of the fubfequent half years, as the faid refpc&ive annuities (hall from time to time in courfe become due and payable; and in cafe fuch overplus monies fhall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then and in every fuch cafe the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, (hall from time to time be anfwar-ed and made good by and out of the firft fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies fhall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies (hall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies fhall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former a6t or a6ts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may from time to time be iflued and applied accordingly.

Monies out of XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho-the finking rity aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iffued out of the faid finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid additional duties at the end of any one year, after the faid leveral and refpecftive annuities and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money fuflicient fhall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iflued but by authority of parliament, and as fhall be diredled by future a£t or a<5ts of parliament; any thing in any former or other a£t or a6ls of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	Provided alio, and it is hereby enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the royal exchange in London*, by the authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days for payment of the faid refpedtive annuities, or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament of the refpedtive principal fums, for which the faid refpedlive annuities, or either of them, fhall be payable to fuch refpecftive perfons or corporations as (hall beintkled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities, then, and not till then, the faid refpedtive annuities (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed, and from and after fuch redemption the monies arifing from the faid additional duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper fhall not be iflued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be directed by future ad or acfts of parliament; any thing in

this

fund how to be replaced.

Surplus monies to be referved for the difpofition of parliament.

Redemption of the aim-; uities.



1731.] Anno quarto GeoRGH II. C.gl	223

this or any former ad!orad!s of parliament to the contrary not-withftanding; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing to be inferted in the faid London Gazette, and affixed on the royal exchange in London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice, within the words and meaning of this ad!.

XL. And it is enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued or profe-cuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfu-ance of this ad!, or of any matter or thing in this ad! contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and <3exieral'ifXue give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid! fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againf! fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XLI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Arrears of for-That the fum of thirty two thousand five hundred and fixteen mer land tax-pounds twelve fhillings and eleven pence three farthings, remain- es, do ties on ing in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer for arrears on for- ^und1 liquors mer land taxes, payable in the year one thousand feven hundred to be applied and twenty eight or before, and alfo the fum of fix hundred and to this year’s fixty nine pounds nine fhillings and ten pence halfpenny, remain- fhpply. ing in the faid receipt of exchequer, on arrears of former duties on malt, and likewife the fum of nine thousand five hundred and twenty eight pounds three fhillings and one penny, remaining in the faid receipt of exchequer, for the duty on compound liquors, and for licence money for retailing the faid liquors, and for forfeitures on the faid retailers, fhall and may be iffued and applied as part of his  Majesty’s fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enad!ed by the authority Appropriation aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either 0t the feveral by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad! of this feffion of par- fums granted liament, intituled, An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, this feffion. cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his - Maiefy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted and continued, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad!, and all the intereft, premium, rate or charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad! of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty oney and fo much money, if any

fuch



034-1' 4 s* 4d. for naval fervices.

j 0,6661. for

Greenwich

HofpiraJ.

86,923!. fOS.

iod. for the office of ord -nance for land fervice.

Anno quarto Ge6rgii II. c. gf.	[1731*

fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame act, and all the intereft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved to difeharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, by granting annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and by contributions by way . of a lottery, on this a<5t; and the lum of thirty two thousand five hundred and fixteen pounds twelve (hillings and eleven pence three farthings, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, on arrears of former land taxes; and the lum of fix hundred and fixty nine pounds nine (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, oh arrears of former duties on malt; and alfo the fum of nine thou-fand five hundred twenty eight pounds three (hillings and one penny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, for the duty on compound liquors, and for licence money for retail-? ing the faid liquors, and for forfeitures on the faid retailers, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein expreffed, fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch reftrideions as are herein after prescribed; that is to fay,

XLIII. It is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be blued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding feven hundred thirty two thousand thirty four pounds four (hillings' and four pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly expreffed; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards vi&uals, wear and tear of the navy; and the victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary repairs of his  Majesty’s navy performed and to be performed, and for or forwards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performedi

XLlV. And it is hereby further enadled; That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be if-fued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, for and towards the fupjport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of. the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit1 in the fervice of their country.

XLV. And it is hereby alfo enaefted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding eighty fix - ■ thoufarrd nine hundred and twenty three pounds ten (hillings and ten pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office, of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice not provided for by parliament.

XLVI. And it is hereby likewife enacted, That out of all .or

any



J

J73*‘] Anno quarto Georgii IL c.9.	225

any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or lj2I4<ig09i,IOSi may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ex- 9d. for the ceeding one million two hundred and fourteen thousand eight land forces hundred and nine pounds ten (hillings and nine pence, for or and other fer* towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other fer- vices* vices hereinafter more particularly expreffed; that is to fay, any fum of money not exceeding (ix hundred and fifty one thousand four hundred and eighty four pounds feventeen (hillings one penny halfpenny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand fev.en hundred and nine men, including commiffion and non-commiffion officers and invalids, for guards, garrifons and (ix independent companies for the fervice of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey9 and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thoufand	>

feven hundred and thirty one; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty nine thousand eight hundred and thirty five pounds eight (hillings and one penny halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty two thousand four hundred and eighty three pounds two (hillings and fix pence, upon account for out-penfioner$ofCfe^zhofpital, for the year onethoufand feven hundred and thirty one, including the fum of feven thousand pounds^ towards making good the deficiencies of the furplus of the de-* dudtions of poundage, and day’s pay of the forces, and of the annual fums granted in parliament, on account of the expences of CW/&Z hofpital, as eflimated on the twenty fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty thousand nine hun-' dred and twenty fix pounds five (hillings and eleven pence for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fixty one thousand one hundred and fifty eight pounds fifteen (hillings and ten pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and .thirty one; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the fame; and the fum of two hundred and •forty one thousand two hundred and fifty nine pounds one (hilling and three pence, for defraying the expence of twelve thousand HeJfianSy taken into his Majefty’s.pay for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty five thousand pounds, for one ‘ year’s fubfidy to the duke of Brunfwick Lunenburgh Wolfenbuttell> purfuant to a treaty dated the twenty fifth day of November one ftTOufand feven hundred and twenty (even; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thousand fix hundred and fixty two pounds, for paying off penfions to the widows of fuch reduced Vol. XVI. '	*	QL	offi-



2 2 6

Anno quarto Georgii II. c.g.	[1731.

officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftabli foment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen) for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one; which faid fum of two thousand fix hundred and ftxty two pounds foall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons as his Majesty foall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direct or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifoment, lifts or other directions, and with and fubjedt to fuch conditions, qualifications, deductions or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty by fuch or the like warrant or warrants foall be gracioufly pleafed, from time to time, to diredt or appoint.

Supply for de XLVII. And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any flciencies of aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there foall and may be former grants, iffued and applied any fum or fums offmoney, not exceeding one hundred thirty four thousand three hundred and twelve pounds fourteen (hillings and fix pence, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty nine thousand three hundred and fifty three pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, for making good the deficiency of the fund commonly called The general fund, for raifing feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand feven hundred and thirty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred ten thousand four hundred pounds to difcharge fuch exchequer bills as remain un-'	cancelled, which were made forth in purfuance of an a<5t of the

third year of his  Majesty’s reign, and were to be repaid out of the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in parliament, after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and, until fuch fupplies foould be granted, were charged upon fuchfurplus monies or favings, as from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty, foould arife into the exchequer from the leveral duties and revenues then charged with the annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, payable to the united company of merchants of England trading to the E of-Indies; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of the Britiji? forts and fettlements belonging to the Royal African company of England, on the coaftof Africa. Thefe fupplies XLVIII. And be it enacled. That the faid aids or fupplies, ncttobeiii'ued provided as aforeiaid, foall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent for any other or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before ute*	mentioned,	or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments, di-

rected to be fatisiied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other a61 or aCts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XLIX. And as to the faid fum of fixty one thousand one hundred



j73 *	Anno	quarto Georgii II. c 9.

dred and fifty eight pounds fifteen (hillings and ten pence, by this a6t appropriated on account of half-pay ,as aforefaid, it is hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after prefcribed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay, that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a pinorand under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except*fuch perfons who did actual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefcy, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refign-ed his commiftion, and has had no commiftion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who have been btherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of- the fame (hall be allowed to any the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot lately dif-banded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

L. And 'whereas by an all of parliament .made in the third year of his Majesty s reign, intituled, An a61 for raifing five hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills, towards the lupplv granted to his Majesty, and for the further application of the produce of the finking fund, for applying the arrears of former land taxes, for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feftion of parliament, and for giving relief, with refpebl to an over-payment to the land tax for the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty one, by the receiver general of the county of Salop, feveral fupplies ivhich had been granted to his Majejly, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein ex-prejfed, amongfi which any fnm or furns of money, not exceeding fix-ty four thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiy s land forces and marines, fibjebl neverthelefs to finch rules to be objerved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the afovefaid all zvere prefcribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enabled and declared, by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of fixty four thousand pounds as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the faid a6t prefcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, fhall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by rea-fon of their long fervice or otherwife, his Majesty fhall judge to be proper objebls of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual, as fhall be figned in that behalf;

0^2	any

22p

Rules to be obferved in application of the half-pay.

Overplus of the fum for reduced officers by the a£l oflaft feffion, to be difpofed to the convpaf-fionate lift.



2i§	Anno	qtiarto GeoRGii II. c. 16.	[1731.

any thing in this aft, or the faid former a6t, to the contrary not-

notwithftanding,

Claufe in aid of thofe who have loft exchequer bills, Sec. EXP.

CAP. X.

An act to enable ideots and lunaticks, who are feifed or pof-fejfed of eftates in fee, or for lives, or terms of years, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances, renders or affignments of fuch eftates.

WHEREAS many inconveniencies do and may arife, by reafon that perfons being ideot, lunaticks or Non compos mentis, having eftates in lands, tenements or hereditaments,	/r#/?	0/z/y for

others, by zotfy c/' mortgage,	(though by the direction of the

Ceftuy que T ruft, or mortgagor) convey any fare eft ate in any fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments, to any other perfon or perfons; for remedy thereof, be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, Ideots or lu- and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twen-uaticks feifed ty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty one,

°rma ** ^la^an<^ may ^aw^u* to an^ ^or anY Perf°nor perfons, make convey^ ^ng ideot, lunatick or Non compos mentis, or for the committee ances, &c. of or committees of fuch perfon or perfons, in his, her or their fuch eftates. name or names, by the direction of the lord chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or commiflioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, fignified by an order made, upon hearing all parties concerned, on the petition of the perfon or perfons, for whom fuch perfon or perfons being ideot, lunatick or Non compos mentis, (hall be feifed or poflefled in truft, or of the mortgagor or mortgagors, or of the perfon or perfons intitled to the monies fecured by or upon any lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof any fuch perfon or perfons being ideot, lunatick, or Non compos mentis, is or are or fhall be feifed or poflefled by way of mortgage, or of the perfon or perfons in-titled to the redemption thereof, to convey and afliire any fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments, in fuch manner as the lord chancellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper or commiflioners of the great feal of Great Britain, fhall by fuch order fo to be obtained direeft, to any other perfon or perfons ; and fuch conveyance or aflurance, fo to be had and made as aforefaid, (hall be as good and effe&ual in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfo-ever, as if the faid perfon or perfons being ideot, lunatick or Non compos mentis, was or were, at the time of the making fuch conveyance or aflurance, of fane mind, memory and underftanding, and not ideot, lunatick or Non compos mentis, or had by him, her or themfelves executed the fame; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Ideots See or ^ And 11 ^'urt^er enadted by the authority aforelaid, their commit- That all and every fuch perfon and perfons being ideot, lunatick tees, may be or Non compos mentis, and only truftee or truftees, mortgagee or

1	mort*



173*01 Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 11,12.'	229

mortgagees as aforefaid, or the committe or committees of all com . and every fuch perfon and perfons, being ideot, lunatick or Non order, to make compos mentis, and only fuch truftee or mortgagee as aforefaid, conveyances, (hall and may be impowered and compelled, by fuch order fo as aforefaid to be obtained, to make fuch conveyance or conveyances, alTurance or affurances as aforefaid, in like manner as truftees or mortgagees of fane memory are compellable to convey, furrender or aflign their truft eftates or mortgages.

CAP. XI.

An att for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, that fhall be vended or fold within the town of Dundee and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the faid town, repairing the harbour there, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

The duty of two pennies Scots continued for 25 years, from 25 March 1731, See, Truftees may aflign over the duty. Overfeers appointed. Debts of the town to be laid before the overfeers. New overfeers to be ele&ed in cafe of death, &c. Additional provifiori for the minifters of Pundee.

Continued by zo Geo. 2. c. 17.

CAP. XII,

An a£l to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage

of money.

May it pleafe your moft excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS great benefit and advantage did accrue to England by one aft of parliament paffed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his majejiy King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt iSCar.2. c. 5; for aicouraging of coinage, and continued by another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his faid majejiy King Charles, 25 Car, %, c. 8. intituled, An adl for continuing a former a6t concerning coinage, both which faid a Sis were revived by an aft made in the firji year of the reign of his majejiy King James the Second, and were continued 1 Jac- 2* c* 7-by an aft made in the fourth year of King William and jjpueen Mary, 4W.&M.C.24. of blejfed memory, and were further continued by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King William, and were 12 W. 3.0,11. further continued by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of , her late majejiy tjjueen Anne, of blejfed memory, and then extended 7 Ann. c. 24.-to Scotland, and were further continued by an aft made in the firji year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Firji, of glo- iGeo.i.flat.a* rious memory, to be in force for feven years from the firji day ofc* 43*

March o?ie thousand feven hundred and fifteen, and until the end of the firji fejfion of parliament then next followings and were further continued by another aft made in the ninth year of his faid late Majejiy s 9 Geo*1 ♦c* reigns for feven yearSs from the firji day of March one thousand feven hundred and tiventy threes and until the end of the firji fejfion of parliament then next following ; fo that unlefs the faid aft be con-tinueds the encouragement given thereby will ceafies and this kingdom be deprived for the future of fo great a goods us it hath for maity years laji paji enjoyed: now we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and Jpyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-

Q, 3	fe	ni-

i-iost ed by Google

2jO

feven years. farther continued by

. Anno quarto GeoRGII II. C. 12	[1731V

fembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty, the rates, duties and impofuions herein after mentioned, for and during the terra and time herein after exprefled; and do humbly pray that it C inacredutie may ena&ed, and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent conthfuedUforS majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this pTefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch and the -	like rates, duties and impofitions, as by the faid ad of parliament

19 eo.2-c.14, ^ t|ie ejg|1^:eent}-l year of King Charles the Second were granted, ' and by the faid fubfequent ads were continued, for and upori the importation of wines, vinegar, cyder, beer, brandy and ftrong waters imported, during the refpedive terms or times therein mentioned, '(hall be further continued, and be paid arid payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, beer, brandy and ftrong waters which ihall be imported or brought'into Great Britain within or during the fpace of feven years, to commence from the firft day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and until the end of the firft feftion of parliament then next following and no longer, and that all the faid former ads, and ail other ads of parliament concerning coinage, and every of them, and every claufe, article and fentence in them or any of them contained, now being in force, (hall be and are by virtue of this ad continued, and ihall be in force, and be duly put in execution, for and during all fuch time and term as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-en-aded in the body of this prefent ad; any former law, ftatute, provifion, matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. And to the end the importers of gold and filver into the mints of England and Scotland refpedively, may not be difeouraged by any deficiency of the revenue by this ad fettled for defraying the coinage thereof, be it further enaded by the authority afore-Treafury, out faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the monies of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or ad'or other1S t^ie ^orc* ^igh treafurer, or any three or more of the commif-publick fup- fioners of the treafury for the time being, out of the monies arifing plies,to defray by this ad, or out of any other publick fupplies granted or to be theexpences granted by parliament, to caufe fo much money to be applied, ot the mints. as pia]j be neceffary for defraying the expences of the faid mints of England and Scotland refpedively, by way of impreft, and upon account for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with the coinage duties arifing by this ad, do not exceed in any one year, the fum of fifteen thousand pounds, and fo as the faid monies be iflued out of the exchequer of Great Britain to the mafter of the mint in England and'the mafter of the mint in Scotland refpedively, for the faid purpofes.

CAP*



1731.J Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 13,14,	231

CAP. XIII.

An aft for the farther continuing the duties granted by an aft paffed in the parliament of Scotland in the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, and continued by an aft pafied in the year one thousand fever* hundred and feven, for paying off the debts of the town of Aberdeen and for the other publick ufes of the faid town.

The duty 2d. Scots upon ale fold in Aberdeen further continued for 25 years. Magiftrates or Aberdeen appointed truftees. Overfeers to order the works, Truftees may afftgn over the duties for monies to be borrowed*

Overfeers dying, furvivors may choofe others.

CAP. XIV.

An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excife, with re~ fpeft to ftarch, coffee, tea and chocolate.

WHEREAS the laws relating to the duties upon ftarch have not in many inflames been found fo effectual as is neceffary for the raifing, levying and collecting the duties thereby intended to be raifedy levied and collected, nor fuff dent to prevent the frauds that have been committed, and are fill carrying on by the makers of flarch? to the great damage and lofs of the fair traders, and to the leffening of the revenue^ be it eriacfted by the King’s moft excellent maje- After24. June fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual 1731.allftarch and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affem- makers to ufe bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after pe^gr,or ob the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and jong boxes thirty one, all and every maker or makers of ftarch (hall make only, for ufe of regular, fquare or oblong boxes only, for boxing and draining their draining their green ftarch, before the fame (hall be dried in the gre<m ftarch. ftove,and that if anyfuch maker of ftarch fhall make ufe of any o- or ei uie 10 ? ther fort of box or bafket, or any other kind of veffel whatsoever, for the purpofes aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; and that the proper officer for the duties upon ftarch may know the exaft time when fuch ftarch (hail be put into fuch boxes as aforefaid,and may not by unneceffary delays be hindered from giving due attendance to his other bufinefs, by which means his other buftnefs muft either be neglected, or an opportunity given to the makers pf ftarch to commit frauds; be k further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June Starch makers all and every maker of ftarch, refiding within the limits of the within the weekly bills of mortality, is and are hereby required to give no- weekly bills to tice in writing of his,her or their intention to put any green ftarch ffficers°whenQ into any fuch boxes as aforefaid, to the proper officer or officers they bo^ any for the duties upon ftarch, twelve hours at leaft before he, (lie green ftarch iz or they fhall begin to box the fame; and that all and every maker hours before ; of ftarch, living out of the limits aforefaid, is and are hereby bills,Tl\murs. required to give fuch notice as aforefaid, to the proper officer or * officers for the duties upon ftarch,twenty four hours at leaft before he, fhe or they fhall begin to box any green ftarch, on pain of forfeiting and paying the fum of twenty pounds, and that all

0.4	'	an^



232	Anno	quarto GeoRGH II. c. 14.	[1731*

and every maker of ft arch (hall, within the fpace of two hours, after fuch notice in writing by them refpedtively {hall have been given as aforefaid, begin to box or put in boxes, all their green ftarch, and fhall from thence continue to box and put into boxes, all and every part of their green ftarch, that lhail then be in readinefs and condition fit to be boxed, till the whole making is boxed, fo that the proper officer may have a gage Forfeiture 20I. of the whole making in the boxes, on pain of forfeiting and paying the fum of twenty pounds.

Removing II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That ftarch before if any maker or makers of ftarch ihall remove or caufe to be re-weighed for- moved any quantity whatever of ftarch, after the fame fhall be cits 50 . dried, out of his, her or their ftove or ftoves, or out of any other place or places made ufe of by them for the drying of ftarch, before the fame has been weighed, and an account taken thereof by the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, he, (he or they, (hall refpedtively forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds. Officers of ex- HI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That cife may feize it {hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excife or any fufpefred cuftoms, to feize any quantity of ftarch or hair powder, together .arc V	with	the	horfes	and package containing the fame, that (hall be

found in any fhip or veffel, or (hall be carrying in any cart or waggon, or in any other carriage whatsoever, where they (hall have good reafon to fufpedl and believe the fame hath been made in fome private workhoufe or other place, or clandeftinely imported without payment of any duty, or that the fame is ftarch or hair powder, which hath been exported and re]anded again, after the duty had been repaid and drawn back for the fame, at the time of exportation thereof, and that after fuch feizure (hall have been made, the fiaid refpecftive officer or offi-and (hall with- cers of excife or cuftoms are hereby required, within ten days in 10 days ex- next after fuch feizure, to exhibit an information before any hibit an in- three or more of his  Majesty’s commiffioners of excife, or any for^commift' two or more juffices of the peace refiding near the place where iioners of ex- anY fuch tenures (hall be made, and if at the hearing of fuch cife, or two information, the party in whofe poffeffion, any fuch ftarch or juftices.	hair	powder	hath	been found, does not make it appear that the

forfeited if duty been Pa^ f°r fame, all the faid ftarch and hair not made ap- powder fo feized for the caufes aforefaid, fhall be forfeited to-pear that the gether with the horfes and package contained in the fame ; and duty was^paid, the perfen in whofe poffeffion fuch ftarch or hair powder (hall be found, fhall likewife forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for every hundred weight, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity; and the faid commiffioners or juftices of the peace fhall then proceed to give judgment for the forfeiture of the faid ftarch or hair powder, together with the horfes and package containing the fame, and likewife for the forfeiture of the faid fum, in proportion as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any officer or officers for the duties upon ftarch, or any ©fficer or officers of the cuftoms, (hall have caufe

to

ana 5 1. Tor every c. wt.

Officers by warrant may fearch for



1731.] Anno quarto GeoRGH. II c. 14.	233

to fufpedt that ftarch is privately making in any place or places ftarch con-whatfoever, or that any ftarch is lodged or concealed in any sealed, place or places whatsoever, with an intent to defraud his Ma-jefty of his duty; then and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before the commiffioners for the duties upon ftarch, or any one or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, refiding near the place where fuch officer or officers (hall fufpecft the fame to be privately making, or to be lodged or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful t6 and for the faid commiffioner or commiffioners, juftice or juftices of the peace refpedtively, before whom fuch affidavit or affidavits (hall be made, if he or they (hall judge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant under his or their refpcdtive hands and feals, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every fuch place or Penalty for places, where he or they fhall fo fufpedt that any ftarch is fo concealing; privately making, lodged or concealed, and to feize and carryltarch* away all fuch ftarch as they fhall there find fo privately making, together with all the materials that fhall be there ready and preparing for the making of ftarch, and likewife all fuch ftarch as they fhall find fo lodged and concealed in any place or places whatever, as forfeited, for the ufe of fuch perfons as by this adt is hereafter directed, together with all and every the boxes, and all and every other thing or things, wherein the fame fhall be contained, and the perfon or perfons that fhall be found fo privately making ftarch as aforefaid, or the perfon or perfons in whofe pofleffion any ftarch fhall be found, unlefs he, fhe or they do make it appear that the duty has been paid for the fame as aforefaid, fhall refpe&ively forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; and if any perfon or perfons whatever fhall let, ob-ftrudt or hinder any of the aforefaid officers from entring any fuch place or places for the purpofes aforefaid, or in feizing and carrying away any ftarch, or any materials for the making of ftarch, which is and are before declared to be forfeited for the caufes aforefaid, together with all and every the boxes, thing or things wherein the fame is contained, the perfon or perfons offending therein fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum or fifty pounds.

V.	And for the better preventing frauds and abufes in the Penalty for making of hair powder, be it further ena&ed by the authority mixing with aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June hair d,ir* one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, if any maker or ^ a a a er’ makers of hair powder, or any perfumer, peruke-maker, barber, or any feller or fellers of or dealers in hair powder fhall mix or caufe to be mixed, any powder of alabafter, plaifter of paris, talk, chalk, whiting, lime, or any other material or materials of any other kind or nature whatsoever (rice firft made into ftarch, and fweet fcents only excepted) with any ftarch, or with any powder of ftarch to be made ufe of for making of hair powder.



Makers of hair powder to make true entries at the excife office.

Officers may-enter work-houfes, &c. to examine hair powder.

Penalty for having in cu» (tody any ala-baiter, See.

Penalty for not permitting officers to

Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 14;	[1731*

and fhall make or caufe to be made any hair powder, with any of the materials before mentioned, or with any other material or materials of any other kind or nature whatsoever, other than ftarch or powder of ftarch, or of rice firft made into ftarch, and fhall ufe, fell or offer to fell, any hair powder fo mixed or made, he, (lie or they fhall forfeit all the hair powder fo mixed or made, and likewife the fum of twenty pounds.

VI.	And be it further ena6fed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons, who is, are or fhall be a maker or makers of hair powder, fhall at the chief office of excife in London, or at the office of excife next adjoining to the place where he, fhe or they fhall refpe&ively inhabit or refide, make a true entry in writing of his, her or their refpeeftive place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhoufe or workhoufes, and all and every other place or places whatfo-ever, that fhall be made ufe of by any perfon or perfons what-foever, for the making of hair powder, on pain of forfeiting and paying the fum of twenty pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any officer or officers for the duties upon ftarch, at all times by day, at his or their requeft, to enter the houle or houfes, workhoufe or workhoufes, and all and every other place:or places whatsoever, belonging to or that fhall be made ufe of by any perfon or perfons, for the making of hair powder, and likewife the fhop or (hops belonging to any perfumer, peruke-maker, barber, or other feller or fellers of or dealers in hair powder, and there to examine all and every parcel or parcels of hair powder, and to carry away any fample or parcel of the fame, paying a reafonable price for the fame, according to the price that hair powder fhall then commonly bear and be fold for; and if upon examination of the hair powder fo bought, it fhall appear that the fame is mixed, or made with any alabafter, plaifter of Paris, talk, chalk, whiting, lime, or with any other material or materials of any other .kind or nature whatsoever, other than ftarch or powder of ftarch (rice firft made into ftarch and fweet feent only as before excepted) the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the fame fhall have been found, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any ftarch-maker or ftarch-makers, powder-maker or powder-makers, dealer or dealers in hair powder whatsoever, fhall have in his, her or their poffeffion, any alabafter, plaifter of Paris, talk, chalk, whiting, lime, or any other material or materials whatsoever, befides ftarch or powder of ftarch, or of rice firft made into ftarch, for the making, mixing or counterfeiting of hair powder, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit all and every the faid material or materials, and likewife the fum of ten pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid. That if any ftarch-maker or ftarch-makers, or maker or makers of hair powder, or perfumer, peruke-ipaker or barber, or any

'	Pfter



x731-3 -Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 14?	235

other feller or fellers of or dealers in hair powder, upon due re- enter ware-queft or demand made by any fuch officer or officers as afore- houfes, &c. faid, in the day-time, fhall refufe to permit, or fhall not permit fuch officer or officers to enter and go into all and every the workhoufe or workhoufes, fhop or Ihops, and all and every other place or places belonging to or that fhall be made life of by him, her pr them, for the making or keeping of any hair powder, or fhall refufe to fuffer or permit any fuch officer or officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them,- any parcel or fample of hair powder, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame the price that hair powder lhall then commonly bear and be fold for, every fuch perfon or per-fons as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalties to all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by any perfon or per- be fued for, as fons, for any offence or offences committed by them contrary ^c-{?ee laws to this act, fhall be fued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by

fuch ways and means, as any penalty or forfeiture for any offence or offences committed by any perfon or perfons, againft any of the laws of excife, or either of them, can or may be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at rWeftminjler> wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; and that one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall difcover, inform or fue for the fame within fix months next after the offence committed.

XI.	And whereas feveral ill difpofed perfons do frequently dye, fabricate or manufacture, very great quantities of floe leaves, liquorijh leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been before ufed, or the leaves of other trees, Jhrubs or plants in imitation of tea, and do likewife mix,, coloury fain and dye fuch leaves, and likewife tea, with Terra Japonica, jugary molojfeSy clayy logwood, and with other ingredients, and do fell and vend the fame as true and real teay to the prejudice of the health of his Maje fty s fubjeCtSy the diminution of the revenuey and to the ruin of the fair trader : for remedy of fuch frauds and abufes

for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Penalty for From and after the twenty ninth day of Septe?nber one thousand f°pbifticatmg feven hundred and thirty one, if any perfon or perfons, who1 fhall be a dealer in or feller of tea, fhall dye, fabricate or manufacture any floe leaves, liquorifh leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been ufed, or the leaves of any other tree, fhrub or plant in imitation of tea, or fhall mix, colour, ftain or dye fuch leaves or tea, with Ten*a Japonica, fugar, moloffes, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or fhall fell and vend, or utter, offer or expofe to fale, or fhall have in his, her or their cuftody or poffeffion, any fuch dyed, fabricated or manufactured leaves in imitation of tea, or any fuch coloured, ftained or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the ingredients

before



236	Anno	quarto	Georgii	II.	C.15.	[1731;

before mentioned, or with any other ingredients whatsoever, fuch perfon or perfons {hall refpe&ively, for every pound of fuch leaves fo dyed, fabricated or manufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of fuch mixed, coloured, ftained or dyed leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XII.	And whereas great quantities of cocoa nutjhels and hufks have been lately imported, and after fuch importation are fabricated and worked up, fo as to imitate either coffee or chocolate, and then after are vended and fold as fuch, to the endangering the healths of his Majejlys fubjefts, and to the great diminution and leffening of the inland duties charged upon thofe commodities: for preventing Penalty for whereof, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any importing perfon or perfons from and after the twenty ninth.day of Sep-cocoa nutfhels tember one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, fhall import or hufles with- any cocoa nutfhels or hufks, without the nuts thereunto be-outt enuts. jong*mg^ fhall and maybe lawful for any of his  Majesty’s officers of the cuftoms, excife, or the faid inland duties, to feize and fecure the fame, wherever fuch cocoa nutlhels or hufks fhall be imported or found, together with the bags, boxes and other package where the fame fhall be contained, and that after fuch feizure the faid cocoa nutfhels or hufks, together with the bags and other package, fnall be condemned according to due form of law, and after fuch condemnation, fuch cocoa nutfhels or hufks fhall be deftroyed or otherwife difpofed of as his  Majesty’s commiffioners of the cuiloms, excife or inland duties refpective-ly concerned, or any three or more of them fhall think fit to direct and appoint; and for the encouragement of his  Majesty’s faid officers to difcover the importation of fuch cocoa nutlhels, and hufks, his  Majesty’s commiffioners of the cuftoms, excife and inland duties refpectively concerned, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to reward any fuch officer or officers, making feizure of fuch cocoa nutfhels or hufks imported as aforefaid, in any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings per hundred weight, out of the duties arifing upon the importation of cocoa nuts, or by the inland duties upon choqor late, or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An aft for importing from his Majejlys plantations in At merica direftly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any aft of parliament.

WHEREAS by feveral afts of parliament made in this king-dom, and now in force, it is enafted, That no fugars, tobacco, cotton, wool, indigo, ginger, fpeckle wood or Jamaica wood,, N fujlick, or other dying wood, rice, molaffes, beaver Jkins, and other furs, copper oref pitch, tar, turpentine, majis, yards and bowfprights, of the growth, produft or manufacture of any of his Majejlfs lands, iflands, plantations or colonies in America, floall be carried, conveyed or imported from any of the faid plafitations to any land, territory, dominion, port or place whatsoever, other than to fuch other plantations as do belong to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors,

or



I73t*] Anno quarto Georgii II. c. if	2$y

or to the kingdom of Great Britain : and whereas by an aft of par- 7 & * W. 5. liament made in this kingdom in the feventh and eighth years of the c*ax*

0/ King William the Third, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abufes in the plantation trade : it is {among other things) enabled. That it Jhall not be lawful, oil any pretence whatsoever, to put on Jhore in the kingdom of Ireland any goods or merchandizes of the growth or produft of any of his Majefys plantations in America, unlefs the fame have been firjl landed in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and paid the rates and duties wherewith they are chargeable by law, under the penalty of the forfeiture of the Jhip and goods: and whereas the faid aft of the feventh and eighth years of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, hath been conflrued to extend to prohibit the importing from his Majefys plantations in America into the kingdom of Ireland, as well fuch goods and merchandife of the groivth or produft of his Majefys faid plantations as are not enumerated, as thofe goods and merchandize of the growth, produft or manufacture of the faid plantations which are in the feveral afts for that purpose enumerated, and required to be imported into this kingdom of Great Britain, or to fome other of the faid plantations, to the great prejudice of the trade and navigation of this his Majejly's kingdom of Great Britain, and his Majefys faid plantations: for remedy whereof be it enacted, and it is Goods not hereby enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and enumerated with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal ™rapament° and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the may be im-authority of the fame, That it ihall and may be lawful to im- ported into port into the faid kingdom of Ireland from his  Majesty’s planta- Ireland from tions in America, and to land and put on (bore in the faid king- ^nBritilh dom of Ireland, all goods and merchandizes of the growth, pro- (hips, See, duct or manufacture of any of his  Majesty’s faid plantations ('except fugars, tobacco, cotton, wool, indigo, ginger, fpeckle wood or Jamaica wood, fuftick, or other dying wood, rice, mo-lafTes, beaver (kins, and other furs, copper-ore, pitch, tar, turpentine, mails, yards and bowfprights, of the growth, product or manufacture of the faid plantations); any thing in the faid recited act of the feventh and eighth years of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, or in any other act contained, or any law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.	Explained as

II.	Provided always, That the goods and merchandize to be i0 the import^ imported into the faid kingdom of Ireland from his Majefty’s	mo

plantations in America, by virtue of this act, (hall be imported Jg.i.c.*, in Britijh (hipping, whereof the mafter and three fourths of the 5 mariners at leaft are Britijh,

CAP.



238

Afrno quarto Georgii II. c. iA, [1731.-

CAP. XVI.

An acl to prevent the J of , and cottonr goods and wares from fields, grounds and other places nfed for whitening, bleaching or drying the	.

Repealed by T?OR the more effe&ual preventing of thefts frequently com-jSGeo.a.c.z/; X1 mitted in fields or grounds and other places ufed for whitening, bleaching or drying of linen, fuftian and cotton goods or wares ; may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the Stealing from authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons,' whitening who at any time after the twenty fourth day of June one thou-anyTinen &c ^an(^ ^even hundred and thirty one fhall by day or night feloni-to the value of oufiy take, fteal and carry away, or who fhall wilfully or ma-10s.	licioufty	hire,	or	procure for money or other reward, any other

perfon or perfons felonioufly to take, fteal and carry away, out of or from any whitening or bleaching croft, lands, fields or grounds, bowking-houfe, drying-Toufe or other building, ground or place made ufe of by any whitfter, crofter, bowker or bleacher for whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying any linen, fuftian or cotton cloth, or cloth worked, woven or made of any cotton and linen yarn mixed, or any thread, linen or cotton yarn, linen or cotton tape, incle, filleting, laces, or any other linen, fuftian or cotton goods or wares whatsoever, laid, placed or expofed to be whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any fuch whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying croft, lands, fields, grounds, houfes, buildings or other places, to the value of ten fhillings, or who fhall buy or receive any fuch goods or wares, knowing the fame to be ftolen, fhall be deemed adjudged and taken to' be a felon and felons, and every perfon offending in the p reunifies, being convi&ed thereof according to due form of lawy fhall be and is hereby declared to be guilty of.fielony, and fhall is felony with- fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy, un-out benefit of jefs the ;uc|o;e or court before whom fuch trial and conviction or the j’udcre fhall	think it reafonable upon the circumftances of the

may orderhim cafe, that the party offending, inftead of fuffering death, fhould to be tranf- be tranfported to fome of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations ported.	beyond the Teas; in which cafe it fhall and may be lawful for

fuch judge or court, or for any fubfequent court, with the like authority as the former, to be holden for the fame county, riding, divifton, liberty or place where fuch felon or felons, offender or offenders were or fhall be tried and convicfted, notwitbftanding fuch fubfequent court fhall happen to be held at or in any other town or place than that wherein fuch trials or convidfions were or fhall be, to order the perfon or perfons fo convi£fed for any offence aforefaid to be tranfported to any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America for the fpace of feven years, in like manner as is directed for the tranfportation

of

or buying or receiving the fame, knowing it to be ltoien.



1731.] Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 17.	239

of1 offenders by an adl made in the fourth year of the reign of4Geo. 1. c. it. his late Majesty King George the firft, intituled, An aft for the further preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, and unlavjful exporters of wool andfor declaring the law upon fomepoints relating to pirates, or as is directed by another a6t made in the fixth year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further preventing robbery, burglary $Qe0t lt cti3. and other felonies, and for the ?nore effectual tranfportation of felons, and for that purppfe all powers and authorities contained in the faid a£ts, or either of them, and which are now in force concerning other felonies, fhall be obferved in the execution of this,a6l.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Such perfons if any perfon or perfons ordered to be tranfported in purfuance of refuting fo to this adt fhall refufe fo to be, or fhall break prifon, efcape, come ^ °^et^ri" on fhore, or return into this realm before the term expired, for fufer death, which he, (he or they fhall be ordered to be tranfported, he, fhe or they offending in any fuch manner fhall and may be treated, apprehended and tried, and being cohvidled fhall fuffer death in like manner as any perfon ordered to be tranfported, according to the faid recited adls, or either of them, may by the laws of this realm in like cafes be treated, tried or fuffered ; any law, cu-ftom or ufage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftand-ing.

C A~P. XVII.

An a5l for repairing and keeping in repair the pier or piers and harbour of Newhaven, in the county ^/SufTex.

WHEREAS good harbours and ports for /hipping are the greatejl encouragment to trade, and navigation, upon ivhicb the riches and jlrength of this kingdom do chiefly depend: a?id ivhereas there hath been time immemorial a pier or piers of timber built near the town ^Newhaven, in the county ^Suffex, and a fafe and good harbour for fnps of a co?ifiderable burthen, but the fame (for want of a provifion for the maintena?ice thereof) is of late become neglefted, and frequently choaked with fands and beech, and the pier or piers thereof are fallen to ruin, to the great damage of the ?ner chants, owners of fnps and inhabitants of the faid town, the port of Lewes and other places adjacent, and of all his MajeJlysJ'ubjefts, whofe lives arid eflates are many times lof, which might be prevented, if the faid haven and pier or piers were reftored and rebuilt with a proper and convenient (luice or fuices to four and clean fe the fame, by which the ancient trade of the faid toiun and port of Lewes might be revived, his Majeflfs cufloms augmented, and the adjacent lands improved: to the end therefore that the faid haven or harbour and pier or piers may be reftored and rebuilt, and fuch fluice or fluices made, be it ena&ed, &c,

Commiflioners appointed for repairing the piers and harbour of New-haven. The duties on goods exported or imported. For every chalder or tun of coals, fait, plaiiter of Paris, t arris, tobacco-pipe-clay, ft one and



24°

Anno quarto GeoRGH II. e. 18,	[1731*

marble blocks, lead, bufliel iron, caft and bar iron, and other goods paying by the tun, i s. For every load of timber, &c. i s. For every load of tan or bark, z s. For every hundred of (ingle deals, (pars, nfers, pipe, hogfliead and barrel (laves, j s. For every hundred of double deals, 2 s. and of three inch deals; 3 s, For every quarter of wheat, peas, tares,* beans and hay feeds, 3d. For every quarter of barley, malt, oats, Saint foin and light grains, 2 d. For every hogfhead of wine and other liquids, 6d. For every hogfhead of fugar, tobacco, and other dry goods, 9 d. and for every tierce, 6 d. For every barrel of pitch, tar, groceries, and other goods contained in barrels, 4d. and in proportion for fmaller cafks. For every bundle, bail, pack, bafket, crate, hamper and chelt of hemp, linens, woollen, glafs, fruits, earthen ware, not exceeding three hundred weight, 3 d. For every hundred weight of allum, cheefe, tallow, colours, (hot, nails, chains and wrought iron, brafiers and pewterers wares, and other goods paying duty or freight per hundred, 1 d. For e-very groce of bottles, (tone or glafs, 3 d. For every hundred feet of paving (tones or paving marble, 2 s. For every thousand of tiles, bricks and clinkers, is. For every Ihip (fifhing veffels excepted) that comes to load or unload, 2 d. per tun. For every veflet that (hall come in, and neither load nor unload, 2 s. each, from twelve to fifty tuns, and if above fifty tuns,1 4 9. For all goods not enumerated, one twelfth part of the ufual freight from London to Newhaven. Duty to be paid by the importer. Commif-fioners to appoint collectors. Commiflioners may aflign the duties as a fecurity for money to be borrowed. The books to be laid before the quarter feflions of Suflfex yearly at Michaelmas. No ballad: or duft, &c. to be thrown into the harbour. Commiflioners dying or refufing to a£t,-furviving commiflioners to ele£t others.

CAP. XVIII.

An att to prevent counterfeiting the paffies, commonly called Mediterranean Paffes.

WHEREAS certain treaties or conventions have been concluded^ and are fubftjling between the King's mojl excellent maje/ly and the feveral fates and governments of Barbary, for e-Jlablijhing and preferving a firm and inviolable peace between his Majesty and the faid fates and governments, and their refpeftive dominions and fubjefts, by which treaties it is fipulated and agreed, That all ftps and veffels belonging to his Majejly, or any of his fubjeftSy may freely pafs the feas, and fafely enter and come into the ports and harbours of the faid refpeftive fates and governments, without any lett, hindrance, feizure or molefation, upon producing paffes of a certain form under the hand and fcal of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, and Ireland, or of the commijf oners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, and Ireland for the time being ; and in conformity to thofe treaties, and purfuant to feveral orders of his Majejlys mojl honourable privy council, fuelb paffes have from time to time been iffued and are commonly called Mediterranean Paffes: and whereas divers wicked and ill-difpofed perfons, fubjecls of his Majefly, have made and forged fuch paffies, and have counterfeited the feal of the faid office and the hands of feveral of the commif-ftoners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral ofG reat Britain and Ireland, and have fold and publijhed fuch falfe and counterfeit paffies in parts beyond the feas, or elfewhere, which practices do not only tend to the manifejl prejudice of Majejly's revenue and the lofs and damage of the merchants of this kingdom, by fubjefling their

Jbipsy



1731.] Anno quarto GeoRgii II. c;i8.	241

flips, per fins and effects to be feized and detained; but may alfi oc-cajion a breach of the peace, dniity and friendfbip between this kingdom and the Jlates and governments afore-mentioned, fhould fiuch offenders go unpurified: and ivhereas the faid crimes and offences, being frequently committed in foreign parts, are not triable or cognizable in any court in Great Britain or Ireland ; for remedying fuch defedt and inconvenience, and alfo for inflicting a more exemplary punifh-ment upon fuch offenders, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons, after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, r^nean palfes, fhall within Great Britain ox Ireland,ox anyotherhis MajeAy’s do- felony with- * minions, or without, falfly make, forge or counterfeit, or caufe out benefit of or procure to be falfly made, forged or counterfeited, or wit- clergy* tingly or knowingly a6t or afliA in the falfe making, forging or counterfeiting any pafs or pafles for any fhip or (hips whatfo-ever, commonly called a Mediterranean Pafs or Mediterranean PaJJes, or fhall counterfeit the feal of the faid office, or the hand or hands of the lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or of any commiflioner or commiflioners for executing the faid office for the time being, to any fuch pafs or pafles, or fhall alter or erafe any true and authentick pafs or pafles ifliied or made out by the lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, or the commiflioners for executing the faid office for the time being, or fhall utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, altered or erafed pafs or pafles, knowing the fame to be falfe,forged, counterfeited altered or erafed, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being in due form of law Convi&ed of any of the offences aforefaid, in any proper court of Great Britain, Ireland, or any of his MajeAy’s plantations beyond the feas, where fuch offence fhall be committed refpe&ive-ly, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy*

IL Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the Thefe crimes authority aforefaid, That all and every the Crimes and offences committed in before-mentioned, which fhall be done or committed in any hls Majefty’* country or place out of Great Britain, either within the domte ^thou^ma01* nions of his MajeAy, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or without, fhall be trie^ in any and may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged (hire of Great in any fhire or county of Great Britain, by virtue of the King’s Britain, &c. commiflion or commiflions of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, or before any court of juAiciary in Scotland refpedtively, in the fame manner as if fuch offence or offences was or were done or committed within the fame county or fhire where fuch offender or offenders fhall be tried; any law, Aatute, cuAom or ufage to the contrary notwithAanding.

Voi*. XVI,

CAP.



24*	Arrno quarto GeoRGIX II. 0. 190	[1731;

CAP. XIX.

An aft for repairing and keeping in repair the pier arid harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the county of Devon.

WHEREAS the harbour of Ilfordcombe in the county of Devon hath by long experience been found to be of great ufe . and benefit to the wefiern parts of this kingdom, and to allfeafaring 7/7*77, who by the Jlrefs of weather have been driven upon that coqfi y and ivhereas the key or pier of the faid port or harbour, which con-tains eight hundred fifty and fix feet in length or thereabouts, and a-bout forty two feet in height, and the warp-houfe, light-houfe and pilot-boats and taw-boats belonging to the faid port or harbour, were at firft founded and built, and have confiantly been repaired and main-tained at the private expence of the ancefiors of Sir Bourchier Wrey, baronet, lords of the manor of Ilfordcombe aforefaid, without any affifiance, except only fome fmall acknowledgments which have been paid to them, as lords of the faid manor ^/Ilfordcombe : and ivhereas by dength of time and violence of the fea, the key or pier of the port or harbour aforefaid is very much funk and decayed, the warp and warp-houfe by long ufage gone to decay, and the light-houfe and the faid boats for piloting and tawing of vejfels very much out of repair, to the great prejudice of his •Majeflys revenue, and the trade of the faid town of Ilfordcombe and parts adjacent; fo that unlefs fome fpeedy care be taken to repair the faid key or pier, light-houfe, warp-houfe and boats for piloting and tawing of vejfels, the faid harbour will become ufelefs to the kingdom and dangerous to navigation, and the charges of repairing and maintaining the fame will be too great to be born by the faid Sir Bourchier Wrey and his heirsy although the ancient duties and acknowledgments Jhould be duly paid and anfwered^ which of late years have been much funk and loft for want of a power to recover the fame: be it therefore enadfed, fife.

Toll for wool- I1*01" woollen: and bay yarn and flocks, z q.per ftone, each impounds \ and len goods &c ^or eveiT tun °f other goods, 8 d. And for every fhip which (hall come ,	*	into the harbour, not being their difeharging port, the keelage following,

that is to fay, for every (hip ufing the coaiting trade belonging to the port, 6 d. For every fhip or veflel not belonging to the port, ufing the coafting trade, i s, fid. and for every other fhip coming from the plantations or bound thither, z s. 6 d. and for every fhip, 6 d. for each top. And for the keelage of every boat belonging to any other port, 4$. For the light (which (hall be fet up at Michaelmas, and continue till the firft of March) there ftiall be paid by every fhip belonging to the port, 6 d. and by every other fhip, 1 s. And for laying up of (hips there fhall be paid the duties following, that is to fay, for every fhip belonging to the harbour, 4. s. 4 d. and for every other fhip, 6 s. STd. For every boat imployed in the herring To Sir Bour- fifhery, 4 s. 4d. and for every boat fifhing for mackrel, 4 s. 4. d. And chier Wrey for every barrel of herrings exported to or from the faid port, 1 d. And for keeping for

every horfe load of goods imported or exported, 3 d. There (hall be weights, See. paid for every dicker of leather landed, 3 d. For every hogfhead of tobacco, 3 d. For every wey of eoal$->: 6 d. For every horfe, i d. For e* very bullock, z q. For every fcore of fheep, ^d. For every dozen of earthen ware, z q. For every meafe of herrings unfalted carried out, 3 d. For every tun of ballaft, z d. For every tun of lime-ftones landed, id. For every tun of groceries or faitfery wares, 1 s.. 6 d, For every hundred

of



243

1731.]	Anno quarto Georgii II. C.20, 21.

bf barrel ftaves, 4 d. For every bundle of hoops, 2 q. For every pack, of bays or (tuff, 3 d. For every hundred of cheefe, 2 d. And for the laying up of every fifhing boat as fliall not pay duty, 2 s. 2d. Cuftom officers not to take entries, &e. till thefe duties are p:aid. Sir B. Wrey may appoint a water-bailiff.

CAP. XX.

An aft for rebuilding the parifh church of Gravefend in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two afts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

(jravefend church to' be rebuilt as one of the fifty new churches. 5,000 1; allotted for the rebuilding. Church to be built with brick, as well ae ftone.

CAP. XXI.

An act to explain a claufe in an aft made in the feventh yeat of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, For naturalizing foreign proteftants, which relates to the children of the natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an aft of parlia?nent made in the feventh A

year of the reign of her late majefy Queen Anne, intituled, 7 nn* c* ** An aft for naturalizing of foreign proteftants, it is. amongfl other things, enabled, That the children of all natural-horn fubjefts, horn out of the ligeance of her faid late Majefiy, her heirs, and fuccejfors, fhould be deemed-) adjudged and taken to be natural-born fubjefts of this kingdom to all intents, confiruftions and purpofes zvhatfoever: and whereas in the tenth year of her faid late Majefiy s reign another aft was made and pajfed to repeal the faid aft (except what related M the 10 Ann' c* 4* ‘ children of her Majefy s natural-born fubjefts, born out of her Majefys allegiance ;) and zvhereas fome doubts have arifen upon the con-firuftion of the faid recited claufe in the faid aft of the feventh year of her late Majefiy's reign : now for the explaining the faid recited claufe in the faid aft, relating to children of natural-bom fubjefts, and to prevent any difputes touching the true intent and meaning thereof, may it pleafe your molt excellent Majesty that it may be declared and enafted, and be it declared and enacted by the King’s mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the ad«* vice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all children born out of the ligeance of children of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, or which fhall here- natural-bom after be born out of fuch ligeance, whofe fathers were or fhall fubjefts bom be natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great0utotthe al~ Britain, at the time of the birth of fuch children refpeftively, crown^ fliall and may, by virtue of the faid recited claufe in the faid aft declared to be of the feventh year of the reign of her faid late Majesty, and of natural-born, this prefent aft, be adjudged and taken to be, and all fuch chil- 7 Ann< c> S' dren are hereby declared to be natural-born fubjefts of the crown **

K 2	of



Children of parents attainted of treafon,

or in a£hial fervice of foreign princes in enmity with the crown, excepted.

Provifo.

Anno quarto GeorCii II. c. 2r.	[1731#

§f,Great Britain, to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes what-foever.r

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in the faid recited a6t of the feventh year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign, or in this prefent a6i contained, did, doth or (hall extend, or ought to be conftrued, adjudged or taken to extend, to make any children born or to be born out of the ligeance of the crown of England, or of the crown of Great Britain, to be natural born fubjedts of the crown England, or of Great Britain, whofe fathers at the time of the birth of fuch children refpedtively were or ftlall be attainted of high treafon, by judgment, outlawry or otherwife, either in this kingdom or in Ireland, or whofe fathers at the time of the birth of fuch children refpecftively, by any law or laws made in this kingdom or in Ireland, were or fhall be liable to the penalties of high treafon or felony, in cafe of their returning into this kingdom or into Ireland without the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, or of any of his  Majesty’s royal predeceffors, or whofe fathers at the time of the birth of fuch children refpedtively were or fhall be in the adtual fervice of any foreign prince or ftate then in enmity with the crown of England, or of Great Britain, but that all fuch children are, were and fhall be and remain in the fame ftate, plight and condition to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes whatsoever, as they would have been in, if the faid a£l of the feventh year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign, or this prefent adt had never been made; any thing herein, or in the faid adl of the feventh year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, that if any child, whofe father at the time of the birth of fuch child was attainted of high treafon, as aforefaid, or was liable to the penalties of high treafon or felony, in cafe of returning into this kingdom or Ireland without licence as a-forefaid, or was in the adtual fervice of any foreign prince or ftate then in enmity with the crown of England, or of Great Britain (other than and excepting always out of this provifo all children of fuch perfons, who went out of Ireland in purfuance of the articles of Limerick) hath come into Great Britain, or Ire-land) or any other of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain, and hath continued to refide within Great Britain or Ireland, or other the dominions aforefaid, for the fpace of two years, at any time between the fixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eight and the twenty ftfth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, and during fuch refidence hath profefted the proteftant religion, or if any child, whofe father at the time of his or her birth was within any of the de-fcriptions before-mentioned, hath come into Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain, and profefted the proteftant religion, and died

within



H5

J731-] Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 22, 2j.

within Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the dominions aforefaid, at any time between the faid fixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eight and the faid twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Xord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one ; or if any child, whofe father at the time of his or her birth was within any of the defcriptions before mentioned, hath been and continued in the adlual poflefiion or receipt of the rents and profits of any lands, tenements or hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, for the fpace of one whole year, at any time between the faid fixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eight, and the faid twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, or hath bona fide, and for good and valuable confideration, fold, conveyed or fettled any lands, tenements or hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, and any perfon claiming title thereto, under fuch fale, conveyance or fettlement, hath been and continued in the actual poflefiion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof for the fpace of fix months,, between the faid fixteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eight and the faid twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, every fuch child fhall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be and to have been a natural born fubjedt of the crown of England, or of the crown of Great Britain, to all in^ tents, conftrudfions and purpofes whatfoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An a61 to explain and amend an adt pafled in the thirteenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An adt for amending the feveral roads leading from the city of Briftol.

Truftees to meet at the Guildhall in Briftol on i June 1731, &c, The fe-parate truftees to eredt toll gates and appoint furveyors and collectors, i^Geo.i.c.ix, &c. On adjournment three truftees not appearing, to be further adjourn- 2zGeo.2.0.28, ed to that day fevennight. After repayment of charges, See. the toll to be applied feparately.. Application of toll for common roads near Briftol.

Truftees may aftign over the feveral tolls. Roads fufficiently amended, and loans paid off, toll to ceafe. Truftees may compound with travellers, and eledt a treafurer. Truftees to choofe new ones to fupply vacancies. The adt to continue from 24 June 1731, for 21 years.

CAP. XXIII.

An adt for repairing the road leading from Chappel on the heath in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the hill in the county of Gloucefter.

The toll took place the 29th of May 1731, and is to have continuance for years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 10.

£3	cap.



2+6	Anno	quarto GeoRgii II. c. 24,	[1731;

CAP. XXIV.

An afl to explain and amend a claufe in an a Si petffed in the fecond year of his  Majesty’s reign (for making more effectual federal a£ts relating to watermen, wherrymen and lightermen rowing on the river Thames) fo far as the fame relates to ferry boats and flat-bottomed boats.

WH E R E A S by a clcufe in on a5t pojfed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Adajefly King George the Second\ intituled, An a61 for making more effectual feveral adfcs palled relating to watermen, wherrymen and lightermen rowing on the river Thames, and for better ordering and governing fuch watermen, wherrymen and lightermen, it is amongfl other things enacted. That if any p erf on or perfons, not having' ferved for the fpace of feven years to ary waterman> wherryman or lighterman {except trinity‘men, flfbermen, ballaflmen and perfons imployed in rowing or any ways navigating weflern barges, mill boats, chalk hoys, faggot and wood lighters, dung boats and gardiners boats, in J'ueh manner as had been a ecu flowed and was allowed and referved in 11 & ia W. 3. an aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the c* zl'	Third) Jhould row or caufc to be rowed or worked any boat, wherrys

lighter or other vejfel or craft, upon the faid river for hire or gain between Gravefend in the county tf/'Kent and Windfor in the coun-iy of Berks, and being thereof conviSled, Jhould be liable to fuch forfeiture and pun foment as therein is mentioned: and whereas fome doubts have lately arifen touching ferry boats worked or ufed at or between the towns of Kingfton and Windfor on the river of Thames, whether the fame be deemed large craft, and alfo touching flat-bottomed boats and barges navigated from and to the faid towns of Kingfton and Windfor, or plates between the faid towns on the faid river of Thames, from and to other places on the faid river, 1 vhether the fame he deemed weflern barges or not, and by means whereof feveral profecutions have been had, to the interruption, of trade and enhancing the price of the carriage of goods: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-itual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch Ferryboats, ferry boats (hall not be deemed or taken to,be large craft, and flat-bottomed that all flat-bottomed boats and barges navigated from the faid towns of Kingfton or Windfor, or places between the faid towns to any other place or places on the faid river of Thames, and from thence to the faid towns of Kingflon or Wpidfor, or places between the faid towps? (hall be deemed and taken to be wefternbarges, and fhall and may navigate on the faid river of Thames as far as London Bridge, as freely as any weflern barge may navigate thereon 5 and

boats and barges navigated from Kingfton or Windfor, exempted fiom the penalties.

2. Geo.2,. c.26. tjlat nQ perfon or perfons working or ufing fuch ferry boats at or between the faid towns, nor any perfon or perfons navigating fuch flat-bottomed boats or barges on the faid river, fhall be fubjedf or liable to any pains, penalties or forfeitures laid or impofed by the faid recited a61 of parliament or any a61 of parliament therein mentioned.

IL And

Hosted by

Google

•1^3 i-] Anno-quarto Georgii II. C. 25^

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That this acEt fhall be deemed, adjudged and taken in all courts and places within this kingdom to be a publick a£t; and all judges, juftices and other perfons are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for confirming an agreement lately entred into between the mayor, aldermen and citizens of the city of Worcefter^ and the guardians of the poor of the faid city, for continuing the hop-market of the faid city in the workhoufe there; and for vefiing the right of the faid mayor, alder-men and citizens, of keeping a hop-market in the faid city, in the guardians of the poor of the faid city, and their fuccefiors for ever.

WHEREAS the mayor, aldermen and citizens of the city of Worcefter, have agreed to grant unto the guardians of the 'poor of the faid city, and their fuccefiors for ever, the liberty, privilege and power of bolding arid keeping in or at the publick workhoufe of the faid city, now vejled in the faid guardians, a publick and open market for the buying and felling of hops only, commonly called a Hop-Market, and all their right and title thereto, and to the tolls, profits and advantages arifing therefrom \ fubjeft neverthe-lefs, and charged and chargeable With the payment of the yearly rent of fixty pounds clear of all taxes, parijh rates and outgoings wbatfo-ever, impofed or to be impofed thereupon; referving to the faid mayor, aldermen and citizens of the faid city, and their fuccefiors for ever, the liberty and power of nominating and appointing a hop-weigher to attend the faid market, and to be imployed in the weighing of all hops to be bought and fold in the faid market, who is to be allowed a yearly falary of twenty pounds, to be paid by the faid mayor, aldermen and citizens of the faid city, out of the Jaid yearly rent of fixty pounds; and whereas the fettling, holding and keeping of a hop-market at the faid workhoufe, and the granting the lolls and profits thereof to the faid guardians of the poor of the faid city 9 and their fuccefiors, at the faid yearly rent of fixty pounds, and fubjeft to the power herein before mentioned, will (as there is good reafon to believe) greatly increafe the income and revenue of the poor of the faid city, and prove a general benefit and advantage to the citizens and inhabitants thereof: therefore the guardians of the poor of the faid city o£ JVorcefler do, in all humble manner, befeech ■your Majesty that it may be enadted, &c.

A publick hop market to beheld by the guardians of the workhoufe at Worcefter, with the foie property thereof. Chargeable to tire mayor, &c. with the full yearly rent of 60 i. Hops to be brought to the hop market, and there publickly fold, &cc. Mayor, &c. to conftitute the hop-weigher. Hop-weigher to give fecurity. On milbehaviour may be difplaced. Mayor, (Sc. abfent, his place to be fupplied by any of the chamber. Freemen may weigh in their private houfes hops weighed in the hop-market, and fell tl>em.

R4	CAP,

Publick aft.

1 & 3 Ann. c.$. 3 Geo.2. c. 23.



.24 3

Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 26.	[1731;

This extended to Wales by 6 Geo,2. c.14.

After 25 March j 733, all proceedings in courts in England, or exchequer in Scotland, to be in Englifh, and in words at length.

6 Geo. 2, c, 6,

Penalty 50 L

altered by 6Geo,2. c.14.

CAR XXVI.

An aft that all proceedings in courts of jufiice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, (hall be in the Englifh lan-guage.

WHEREAS many and great mifchiefs do frequently happen to the fubjefls of this kingdom, from the proceedings in courts of jufiice being in an unknown language, thofe who are fummoned and impleaded having no knowledge or underjlanding of what is alls dged for or againjl them in the pleadings of their lawyers and at tor-flies, who ufe a character not legible to any but perfons prattifing the law: To remedy thefe great mifchiefs, and to protect the lives and fortunes of the fubjects of that part of Great Britain called England, more effectually than heretofore, from the peril of being enfnared or brought in danger by forms and proceedings in courts of jufiice, in an unknown language, be it enacted by the King’s rnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, all writs, procefs and returns thereof, and proceedings thereon, and all pleadings, rules, orders, indictments, informations, inquifitions, preferments, verdiCts, prohibitions, certificates, and all patents, charters, pardons, commiflions, records, judgments, ftatutes, recognizances, bonds, rolls, entries, fines and recoveries, and all proceedings relating thereunto, and all proceedings of courts Jeet, courts baron and cuftomary courts, and all copies thereof, and all proceedings whatsoever in any courts of jufiice within that part of Great Britain called England, and iq. the court of exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the law and adminiftration of jufiice, fhall be in the Englifh tongue and language only, and not in Latin or French, or any other tongue or language whatsoever, and fhall be written in fuch a common legible hand and character, as the aCts of parliament are ufually ingroffed in, and the lines and words of the fame to be written at Ieafi as clofe as the faid acts ufually are, and not in any hand commonly called court hand, and in words at length and not abbreviated ; any law, cuftom or ufage'hereto-fore to the contrary thereof notwithftanding : and all and every perfon or perfons offending againft this aCt, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in Wejl-f minfter hall, or court of exchequer in Scotland refpeClively, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed,

II. And



1731 •] Anno quarto Georgii II. c.27.	249

II.	And be it farther enacfted by the authority aforefifid, Miftranflation.

That miftranflation, variation in form by reafon of tranflation,	f

mifpelling or miftake in clerkfhip, or pleadings or proceedings may be a-33* begun or to be begun before the faid twenty fifth day of March mended be-one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, being part in fore or after Latin and part in Englijh, fhall be no error, nor make void any judgment, proceedings by reafon thereof; but that all manner of miftranflation, errors in form, mifpellings, miftakes in clerkfhip,

may at any time be amended, whether in paper or on record or otherwife, before or after judgment, upon payment of rea-fonable cofts only.

III.	Provided always, That nothing in this a eft, nor anything Not to extend

herein contained, fhall extend to certifying beyond the feas any to the certify-cafe or proceedings in the court of admiralty; but that in fuch !nSProceed“ cafes the commifiions and proceedings may be certified in Latin of^admiraltv^ as formerly they have been.	y'

IV.	And whereas feveral good and profitable laws have been enacted, to the intent that the parties in all manner of actions and demands might not be delayed a?td kindred from obtaining the effect of their fuits, after ijfue tried and judgment given, by reafon of any fubtile, ignorant or defective pleadings, nor for any defect in form, commonly called jeofails, it is hereby enaded and declared, That Statutes for'

^11 and every ftatute and ftatutes for the reformation and a- reforming demending the delays arifing from any Jeofails whatsoever, fhall tQ ^°J and may extend to all and every form and forms, and to all tended to the" proceedings in courts of juftice (except in criminal cafes) when Engliihforms, the forms and proceedings are in Englijh; and that all and

every error and miftake whatsoever, which would or might be amended and remedied by any ftatute of Jeofails, if the proceedings had been in Latiny all fuch errors and miftakes of the fame and like nature, when the forms are in Englijh, fhall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be amended and remedied by the ftatutes now in force for the amendment of any Jeofails; and this claufe fhall be taken and conftrued in all courts of juftice in the moft ample and beneficial manner, for the eafe and benefit of the parties, and to prevent frivolous and vexatious delays.

c A P. XXVII,

An act for further encouraging the manufacture of Britifh fail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned; and allowing an additional bounty on Britifh made fail cloth exported; and for Jlamping Britifh made fail cloth with the name andjplace of abode of the maker.

WHEREAS the wealth and profperity of this kingdom does very much depend upon the prejervation and improvement of its manufactures, and whereas the manufacture of fail cloth does give a comfortable fupport and maintenance to many of his Molefly's Jub-jeCts imployed in the fame, and there is reafon to believe that it

would



25°	Anno quarto Georgii II. c.27.	[1731.

would be greatly unproved in this kingdom, and the exportation of it to foreign parts confiderably increafed, if the duties payable upon the importation of rough and mdrejfed flax, and the drawback upon the re-exportation of foreign fail cloth or foreign made fails, were taken off \ and an additional bounty allowed on all Britifh made fail. doth exported; therefore may it pleale your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament Undrefled flax aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and

with^ut^ut^ a^ter twenty-fourth daY Jline one thousand feven hun-or entry, Sec* dred and thirty-one, it lhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatsoever to import into this kingdom any quantity of rough or undrefled flax, without paying any fubfidy, cuftom, impofition or other duty whatsoever, for the fame, fo as a due entry be iirft piade thereof in the cuftomhoufe belonging to the port into which the fame fhall be imported, in fuch manner and form, and exprefling the quantities of fuch rough or undreft flax, as were ufed and pradtifed before the making of this act, and fo as the fame be landed in the prefence of the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, and the importation thereof be according to the rules prefcribed and enjoined by an adt of parliament palled in the twelfth year of the reign izCar.*. c.18. of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafing of '/hipping and navigation.

II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted, That on failure of the conditions or diredtions herein laft mentioned being performed, or any of them, in manner aforefaid, all fuch rough or undreft flax fhall be liable to the refpedtive duties charged thereon, as the fame might or would have been liable to, if this adt had never been made*, any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

No drawback HI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

ationof fort"	^rom	and	a^ter t^ie twenty-fourth day of June one

thoufand feven hundred and thirty-one, there fhall not be allowed or made, on the re-exportation of foreign fail cloth, or any foreign made fails, any drawback or repayment of any of the cuftoms or duties charged and paid on the importation thereof into this kingdom, by any adt or adts of parliament; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-one, there fhall be allowed, over and above the allowance already given, a further revvard or recompence of one penny for every ell of Briti/h made fail cloth exported, the fame to be given and paid out of the money ariflng from an additional duty laid on all fail cloth imported into this kingdom, by an adt of the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great

Flax liable to the duties on noncompliance with the adt.

reign fail doth.

Allowance of one penny per ell on Britiih fail cloth exported.

i2Ann. c,i6.

Hosted by

Google

1731 •] Anno quarto Geougii II. c. 27.	251

Britain, apd continued by fubfequent acts; which faid further reward of one penny per ell (hall be fubject to the fame pro-vifoes and penalties as the allowance already given is fubject and liable to.

V.	And to the end that no perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, who is or are intitled to any part, (bare or intereft:, in the monies arifing by the faid duties on rough or undreft flax imported into this kingdom, may be no lofers or

receive any prejudice, by taking off the laid duties, be it fur- Treafury to thcr enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may ftate an ac-be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his  Majesty’s trea-'c?unt?rmo~

.r	.	.	*	,	.	,	r	1	j j	nies arilen on

fury now being, the high-treaiurer or any three or more or r0Ugh flax for

the commifljoners of the treafury for the time being, and they 7 years pa ft. are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-one, to caufe an account to be made up and ftated of the monies which fhall have arifen by the faid duties on rough or undreft flax, for feven years laft paft.

VI.	And it is hereby enacted, That the medium of the mo- The medium nies appearing to have arifen by the faid duties within feven of the produce years, fhall be a certain annual fum to be charged on the fund charged on called The Aggregate Fund, and being fo charged, fhall from fund^oiMlcu-time to time be iflued, paid, diftributed and applied, to makerity to the good to the feveral publick creditors or other per/on or per- creditors, fons, body politick or corporate, haying intereft or fecurity in

the money arifing from the fame duties on rough or undreft flax, would have been apportioned and applied, in cafe the faid duties had been continued, and not been determined by this act.

VII.	And whereas foreign univrought hemp re-exported does draw allowance hack part of the duties payable upon importation thereof, to the great on re-export-difcourageineht of manufacturing of cordage within this kingdom, to ation of un-be exported to America, be it therefore enacted by the authority wrought hemp aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of dominions^-June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-one, there fhall America, not be allowed or made on the re-exportation of hemp un-

Wrought to any of his  Majesty’s Britif) dominions in America, any drawback or re-payment of any of the duties or cuftoms, charged and paid on the importation thereof into this kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament 3 any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Manufr<5hirer jevery manufacturer or maker of fail cloth in Great Britain fhallto affix hls after the faid twenty-fourth day of June afflx at the end of eve? pi^eofabode ry piece of fuch fail cloth a (lamp containing the name and ^ G<eo.a. c.37! place of abode of fuch manufacturer or maker, in plain diftinjft l\ 3.

letters and words at length; and if any manufacturer or maker of fail cloth fhall fell or expofe to fale, any piece or pieces of fail cloth, without being ftamped as aforefaid, fuch manufacturer or maker fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the oath of any one or more credible witnefs or

'	wit-



252	Anno quarto Georgii IL c.28.	[1731.

witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city or town, where the offence (hall be committed (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for each and every piece of fail cloth, by him or them fold or expofed to fale, not being damped as aforefaid, and if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall wilfully or ma-licioufly cut off, deftroy or obliterate, any ftamp fo affixed as aforefaid, or fhall affix or make ufe of any ftamp, on which (hall be marked the name and place of abode of any other perfon or perfons, and not his or their real name or names, and place or places of abode, fuch perfon or perfons being convicfted of any of the offences aforefaid, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; both which laft mentioned forfeitures fhall and may be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, city or place, where the offence fhall be committed, and fhall go and be applied to the ufe of the informer or informers.

C A P. XXVIII.

An aft for the more effectual preventing frauds committed by tenants, and for the more eafy recovery of rents, and renewal of leafes.

FOR fecuring to leffors and land owners their juft rights, and to prevent frauds frequently committed by tenants, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and Perfons hold- commons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the au-5ng over lands, thority of the fame, That in cafe any tenant or tenants for any ^iration"ofX~ term	^lves	or	Years>	or	other	perfon	or perfons, who are

leafes, to pay or fhall come into poffeffion of any lands, tenements or here-double the ditaments, by, from or under, or by collufion with fuch tenant yearly value. 0r tenants, (hall wilfully hold over any lands, tenements or hereditaments, after the determination of fuch term or terms, and after demand made, and notice in writing given, for delivering the poffeffion thereof, by his or their landlords or leffors, or the perfon or perfons to whom the remainder or re-verfion of fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments (hall belong, his or their agent or agents thereunto lawfully authorised ; then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo holding over, (hall, for and during the time he, fhe and they fhall fo hold over, or keep the perfon or perfons intitled, out of poffeffion of the faid Jands, tenements and hereditaments, as aforefaid, pay to the perfon or perfons fo kept out of poffeffion, their executors, ad-mi niftra tors or affigns, at the rate of double the yearly value of the lands, tenements and hereditaments fo detained, for fo long time as the fame are detained, to be recovered in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record, by adtion of debt, whereunto the defend^

Penalty 5I. Malicioufly cutting off fuch mark, forfeits 10I.



1731 -3 Anno quarto GeoRGii II. c.z8.	253

fendant or defendants fhall be obliged to give fpecial bail, againft the recovering of which faid penalty there (hall be no relief in equity.

II.	And whereas great inconveniencies do frequently happen to lef-fors and landlords, in cafes of re-entry for nonpayment of rent, by reafon of the many niceties that attend re-entries at common law ; and forafmuch as when a legal re-entry is made, the landlord or lejfor mujl be at the expence, charge, and delay, of recovering in ejefiment, before he can obtain the afiual pojfejjion of the demifed premijfes; and it often happens that after Juch re-entry made, the leffee or his affignee, upon one or more bills filed in the court of equity, not only holds out tht lejfor or landlord by an injunfiion, from recovering the poffeffion, but Ukewife, pending the faid flit, do run much more in arrear, with-out giving any fecurity for the rents due, when the faid re-entry was made, or which Jhall or do afterwards incur: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes be- Qnhalfa tween landlord and tenant, from and after the twenty fourth year>s rent day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, as of- arrear, land-ten as it fhall happen that one half year’s rent fhall be in arrear, lord mayre-and the landlord or leffor, to whom the fame is due, hath right declaration by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof, fuch landlord of eje&ment. or leffor fhall and may, without any formal demand or re-entry, ferve a declaration in ejectment for the recovery of the demifed premiffes, or in cafe the fame cannot be legally ferved, or.no tenant be in a&ual pc^fTefTion of the premiffes, then to affix the fame upon the door of any demifed meffuage, or in cafe fuch ejedlment fhall not be for the recovery of any meffuage, then upon fome notorious place of the lands, tenements or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch declaration in ejectment, and fuch affixing fhall be deemed legal fervice thereof, which fervice or affixing fuch declaration in ejecftment, (hall hand in the place and ftead of a demand and re-entry; and in cafe of judgment againft the cafual ejedlor, or nonfuit for not confefling leafe, entry and oufter, it fhall be made appear to the court where the faid fuit is depending, by affidavit, or be proved upon the trial, in cafe the defendant appears, that half a year’s rent was due before the faid declaration was ferved, and that no fufficient diftrefs was to be found on the demifed premiffes, countervailing the arrears then due, and that the leffor or leffors in ejedb-ment had powef to re-enter; then and in every fuch cafe the leffor or leffors in ejedtment fhall recover judgment and execu- When leffor tion, in the fame manner as if the rent in arrear had been le- in eje&ment gaily demanded, and a re-entry made; and in cafe the leffee or !n*>' recovei leffees, his, her or their affignee or affignees, or other perfon or &meilt* perfons claiming or deriving under the faid leafes, .fhall permit and fuffer judgment to be had and recovered on fuch ejedlment, and execution to be executed thereon, without paying the rent and arrears, together with full cofts, and without filing any bill or bills for relief in equity, within fix calendar months after fuch execution executed; then and in fuch cafe the faid leffee or leffees, his, her or their affignee or affignees, and all other perfons



254

Not to bar the right of any mortgagee.

Leffees filing bill in equity, not to have an injunction a-gainft proceedings at law, &c.

Anno quarto G£orgii II. C. 28.	f 1731.

fobs claiming and deriving under the faid Jeafe, (hall be barred' and foreclofed from all relief or remedy in law or equity, other than by writ of error, for reverfal of fuch judgment, in cafe the fame fhall be erroneous, and the faid landlord or leffor (hall from thenceforth hold the faid demifed prerniffes difcharged from fuch leafe; and if on fuch ejectment verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plantiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited therein, except for the defendant or defendants not confeffing leafe, entry and oufter, then in every fuch cafe fuch' defendant or defendants fhall have and recover his* her and their full colts: provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee or mortgagees of fuch leafe, or any part thereof, who (hall not be in poffeffion,1 fo as fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall and do,- within fitf calendar months after fuch judgment obtained, and execution executed, pay all rent in arrear, and all cods and damages fuff tained by fuch leffor, perfon or perfons intitled to the remainder or revcrfion as aforefaid, and perform all the covenants and a-greements, which on the part and behaif of the firft leffee or leffees are and ought to be performed.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid leffee or leffees, his, her or their affignee or aff fignees, or other perfon or perfons claiming any right, title of intereft, in law or equity, of, in or to the faid leafe, fhall, within the time aforefaid, file one or more bill or bills, for relief in any court of equity, fuch perfon or perfons fhall not have or continue any injundfion, againft the proceedings at law on fuch ejedfment, unlefs he, (he or they do or fhall, within forty days next after a full and perfedt anfwer (hall be filed by the leffor of leffors of the plaintiff in fuch ejedVment, bring into court, and. lodge with the proper officer fuch fum and fumsof money as the leffor or leffors of the plaintiff in the faid ejedfment (hall, in hisy her or their anfwer, fwear to be due and in arrear, over and above all juft allowances, and alfo the cofts taxed in the faid fuit, there to remain till the hearing of the caufe, or to be paid out to the leffor or landlord on good fecurity, fubjedt to the decree of the court; and in cafe fuch bill or bills fhall be filed within the time aforefaid, and after execution is executed, the leffor or leffors of the plaintiff fhall be accountable only for fa much and no more as he, (he or they fhall really and bonafdef without fraud, deceit or wilful negledf* make of the demifed prerniffes from the time of his, her or their entring into the actual poffeffion thereof, and if what fhall be fo made by the leffor or leffors of the plaintiff, happen to be lefs than the rent referv-ed on the faid leafe, then the faid leffee or*leffees, his, her of their affignee or affignees, before he, (lie or they fhall bereftor-ed to his, her or their poffeffion or poffeffions, (ball pay fuch; leffor or leffors, or landlord or landlords, what the money fo by them made, fell (hort of the referved rent, for the time fuch leffor or leffors of the plaintiff', landlord or landlords, held the-faid lands,

IV .Pro-



255

I731-]	Anno	quarto Georgii II. c. 28.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if the tenant or tenants, his, her or their jngaH rent afiignee or affignees, do or dial! at any time before the trial with ccfts, in fuch eje&ment, pay or tender to the leffor or landlord, his proceedings executors or adminiflrators, or his, her or their attorney in thattoceaie* caufe, or pay into the court where the fame caufe is depending,

all the rent and arrears, together with the cofts, then and in fuch cafe, all further proceedings on the faid ejedlment fhall ceafe and be difcontinued; and if fuch leffee or leffees, his, her or their executors, adminiflrators or affigns, (hall, upon fuch bill filed as aforefaid, be relieved in equity, he, fhe and they,

(hall have, hold and enjoy the demifed lands, according to the leafe thereof made, without any new leafe to be thereof made to him, her or them.

V.	And whereas the remedy for recovering rents feck, rents of afftze and chief rents, are tedious and difficulty be it therefore enadl-

ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty Method of refourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, covering feck all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, rents, &c. ihall and may have the like remedy by diftrefs, and by impounding and felling the fame, in cafes of rent feck, rents of affize and chief rents, which have been duly anfwered or paid for the fpaqe of three years, within the fpace of twenty years before the firft day of this prefent feflion of parliament, or fhall be hereafter created, as in cafe of rent referved upon leafe ; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas many per Jons hold confiderable ejlates hy leafe s for lives or years, and leafe out the fame in parcels to feveral under tenants: and whereas many of thofe leafes cannot by law be renewed without a furrender of all the under leafes derived out of the fame^fo that it is in the power of any fuch under tenants to prevent or delay the renewing of the principal leafe, by refufmg to furrender their under leafes^ riotwithjlanding they have covenanted fo to dob to the great prejudice of their immediate landlords the firfl leffees: for preventing fuch inconveniencies, and for making the renewal of leafes

more eafy for the future, be it enadled by the authority afore- Chief leafes faid, That in cafe any leafe fhall be duly furrendered in order to may he re-be renewed, and a new leafe made and executed by the chief Qu^furrender-landlord or landlords, the fame new leafe (hall without a fur- ingau the unrender of all or any the under leafes be as good and valid to all der leafes. intents and purpofes as if all the under leafes derived thereout had been likewife furrendered at or before the taking of fuch new leafe; and all and every perfon and perfons in whom any eftate for life or lives or for years, fhall from time to time be vetted by virtue of fuch new leafe, and his, her and their executors and adminiflrators, fhall be infilled to the rents, covenants and duties, and have like remedy for recovery thereof, and the under leffees fhall hold and enjoy the meffuages, lands and tenements, in the refpedlive under leafes comprifed, as if the original leafes, out of which the refpedlive under leafes are derived,. had been ftili kept on foot and continued, and the chief 2	landlord



256	Anno	quarto.GEoRGii	IL C.29.	[1731*

landlord and landlords (hall have and be intitled to fuch and the fame remedy, by diftrefs or entry in and upon the mefiua-i ges, lands, tenements and hereditaments comprifed in any fuch under leafe, for the rents and duties referved by fuch new leafe, fo far as the lame exceed not the rents and duties referved in the leafe out of which fuch under leafe was derived, as they would have had in cafe fuch former leafe had been ftill continued, or as they would have had in cafe the refpedlive under leafes had been renewed under fuch new principal leafe; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

Not to extend VII* Provided always, That nothing in this a<5l contained to Scotland. fhaIl extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXIX.

An a5l for granting an allowance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowder.

WHEREAS the wealth and profperity of this kingdon doth very much depend upon the improvement of its manufacturesi and the profitable trade carried on by exportation of the fame, which trade ought by all proper means to be encouraged, for the enlargement of the commerce of Great Britain; and whereas the exportation! of gunpowder to foreign parts has of late years confiderably decreafed, by reafon of the duties payable upon the importation of fait petre and brimftone, the principal ingredients ufed for making the fame: and zvhereas his Majeftys tradingfubjeMs^ from the greatnefs of the price of gunpoivder made here, are obliged to furmfb themfelves at foreign markets, in order to carry on their trade to Africa, and other parts beyond the feas^ to the great prejudice and difeouragement of the faid manufacture^ may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma~ jelly that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majelly, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That An allowance there lhall be paid to every perfon or perfons, who at any time reltbr^Brithh" or ^mes within or during the term of five years, to be reckoned gunpowder from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred exported as and thirty one, or at any time or times before the end of the merchandize, then next fefiion of parliament, lhall really and truly export out c°/iunuedby 0f this kingdom, by way of merchandize, any quantities of e°’2 gunpowder of the manufadlure of Great Britain, an allowance of the fum of four fhillings and fix pence for every barrel of fuch gunpowder, containing one hundred pounds net weight, and fo in proportion for greater or lefs quantities; which allowance lhall to be paid by be paid and anfwered by the cullomer or collector of the culloms, the cuitomer. vvjtj1 t[ie pr[vity of the comptroller of the port from whence the fame lhall be exported, on a debenture to be made forth by the cullomer or collector, according to the entry of fuch gunpovv* der, without, fee or reward, and the Shipping thereof verified by the fearcher, and oath, or being of the people called ^uakers^ folemn affirmation, made by the exporter, on the entry or debenture,



257

1 •] Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 29.

benture, before the cuftomer or collector or comptroller of fuch port, that the laid gunpowder is of Britifh manufacture, and is . exported or intended to be exported to parts beyond the Teas, by \fcay of merchandize, and not for the ufe of the fhip in her voyage, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any part of Great Britain, the exporter firft giving fecurity to the faid cu- rhe exporter flomer or coiledtor of the port, in a penalty of five pounds for ty each barrel, containing one hundred pounds net weight (which janu it, fecurity they are hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors) that the gunpowder fo (hipped or intended to be (hipped, or any part thereof, (hall not be relanded or brought on (here again into any port or part of Great Britain., and fuch fecurities ihall be dif-charged ift the manner hereafter mentioned, (that is to fay) for fo much of the faid gunpowder as (hall be entred for or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, the iftands of Guernfey and Jerfey,

Alderney, Sark or Man, or any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations abroad, the condition of the bond (hall be to bring certificates in difeharge thereof from each place refpedlively, importing that fuch gunpowder was there landed, and teftifying the landing thereof3 which certificate (hall be figned by the proper Security how officer or officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms as refpedively refide t0 be dif-there, and for want of fuch officers refiding there, then by the governor of thofe iftands and colonies or plantations, or the deputy governor thereof refpedlively, who are hereby required to give the fame without fee or reward; and for fuch gunpowder as lhall be fo entred for any foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under the hand of any of his  Majesty’s confuls refiding in fuch port or place, or under the hands of two known Britijh merchants then being at fuch port or place, that fuch gunpowder was there landed; or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difeharg-ed, upon proof in either of the faid cafes, that the fame was taken by enemies, or perifhed in the Teas, the examination and proof thereof, being left to the judgment of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpedlively for the time being.

II. And whereas gunpowder exported for Africa is fold and delivered in very finall parcels, and at places along the coajf, tv here no certificates can he had, therefore be it'further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe upon proof made upon Qunpow,|er oath, or being of the people called Quakers, upon folemn affir- exported for mation of the mafter, mate, purfer or other perfon, having the Africa, charge of the fhip during the voyage, importing that fuch gunpowder was fold and delivered upon the coaft of Africa, and alfo of the oath or folemn affirmation as aforefaid of the merchant exporter, if living, that to the beft of his knowledge and belief, the faid goods have been difpofed of at the places to be mentioned in the refpedlive oaths, affidavits or affirmations of the mafter, mate, purfer or other perfon, having charge of the fhip during the voyage, and that they have not been relanded or brought on (hore again in any port or part of Great Britain, the Vol* XVL	S	fame



Anno quarto GeorGiI II, c. 29.	[1731;

fame (hall be taken in lieu of the certificates aforefaid, and be allowed of in full difcharge of the bonds to be given in purfu-ance of this a6t; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any gunpowder dripped to be exported, for which allowance is hereby made, lhall be relanded or unfhipped in any port or place in Great Britain, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a 61, without the licence of one or more of the principal officers of fuch port or place firft had and obtained, or unlefs it be in cafe of diftrefs to fave the faid gunpowder from perifhing, which (hall be forthwith made known to one or more of the faid officers, the faid gunpowder, over and above the penalty of the bond to be levied and recovered to his  Majesty’s ufe as aforefaid, and treble the value of fuch gunpowder, fhall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and maybe profecuted and divided in the manner herein after mentioned.

Ail nr? tn IV. ^nd it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, be paid by the That the faid allowance fhall be forthwith paid by the refpect-cuftomer. ive cuftomer or collector, out of any money in his hands arifing from cuftoms or other duties upon goods imported from parts beyond the feas; and the money fo paid fhall be accepted of in his or their account, as fo much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is, are and fhall be difcharged thereof accordingly.

When duties V. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-on importa- rity aforefaid. That in cafe any of the duties now payable upon tion of lalt pe- the importation of fait petre and brimftone, (hall during the ftonTihalVbe cont^nuance °f this a6t be redeemed, or otherwife ceafe to be redlcined aU payable, fo much of the allowance to be made on the exporta-lowance for tion of gunpowder fhall be abated, as (hall bear a proportion to gunpowder to the duties fo redeemed, or that (hall ceafe to be payable on the be abated. importation of fait petre and brimftone ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Penalties how VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, to be levied. That the penalties in this a6t mentioned fhall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninfler, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpeciively; wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; and one moiety (hall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch per-fon or perfons who will fue or profecute for the fame.

VII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That if any acftion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons,-for any thing done in purfuance of this a£t, the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or fuit may plead the ge-(--e-:ral iflue/1 nera} jflhe, and give this a61 and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of the faid a61; and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited or dif-

con-

Penalty for relanding.



I731-] Anno quarto Georgii.II. c. 30.	259

continue his action after the defendant or deTendants fhall have appeared, or if judgment fhall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Ihall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for rendring more ejfeftual an aft made in the third year of his Majefty9 s reign, intituled, An aft for the better regulation of the coal trade, fo far as the fame relates to the 'preventing the inhancing the price of coals in the river of Thames by the keeping of turn in delivering of coals there.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft pajfed in the third year of Qeo

his prefent Majesty s reign, intituled, An aft for the better 3	*

regulation of the coal trade, it is enafted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty , every mafter of a Jbip or vejfel ufmg the coal trade Jhotild be fub-jeft to the dire ft ion of the oivner or. owners of the major part of his Jbip or vejfel, provided there was nothing contained in fuch directions, which fhould relate to the refraining or inhancing the price of coals in the river of Thames, or to the keeping of turn in delivering of coals there: and whereas notwithftanding the provifion made by the faid in part recited claufe, the fame has been evaded, by means whereof the price of coals may be advanced to the prejudice of feveral manufactures, as well as to the opprejfion of the poor; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the fenahy ort authority of the fame, That from and after the fifteenth day of f^dehveHng May one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, it fhall not be coals in the lawful for any owner or owners of any fhip or veffel imployed in Thames, iooh the coal trade, or any perfon authorized by them, or any other perfon or perfons whatsoever, direftly or indireftly, by writing or otherwife, to give any orders or direftions to any mafter or perfon having the command or rule of any fhip or veffel imployed in the coal trade, or to any agent or fervant imployed in the felling of coals, which fhall any ways relate to the keeping of turn in felling or delivering of coals in the river of Thames, and that no mafter or mailers, or other perfon having the command or rule of any fhip or veffel as aforefaid, Ihall obey any fuch orders or keep turn as aforefaid, upon pain that every perfon giving fuch direftions, and the perfon or perfons obferving and following the fame, or any otherwife direftly or indireftly afting contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, fhall refpeftively forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who Ihall fue for the fame, within the fpace of fix months next after fuch

S 2	ef-



260	Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 31,32.	[173

offence or offences fhall be committed, to be recovered with treble cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no ef-foin, proteftion, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance Ihall be allowed.

II.	And whereas in order to oblige Jhips imployed in the coal trade to keep turn, a method has been or may be praftifed, for the mafters of fuch f hips to deliver their cocquets into the hands of particular a-gents imployed by the owners of fuch flips, by which means fuch ?na-Jhrs have been or may be difabled from delivering their coals, until permitted by fuch agents, be it therefore enafted by .the authority

dd^redt0be a^ore^a*1(^5	the'matter of every fhip or veffel loaded with

with hi four coals, or other perfon having the care or charge thereof, (hall days after ar- deliver or caufe to be delivered, to the proper officer of the cu-rival of the ftoms at the port of London, the cocquets containing the lading ftlP-	of fuch fhip or veffel, within the fpace of four days after the

arrival of fuch fhip or veffel as high as Gravefend, in the faid Penalty 5ol. river of Thames, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, on their negleft: or refufal fo to do, to be fued for, recovered and difpofed of in the manner before directed.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Publick aft. That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a pub-

lick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for making more effectual an aft palTed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majelty King George the Firft, for repairing, widening and amending the roads trom Wigan to Prefton in the county of Lancafter.

Aft 13 Geo. 1. c. 9. continued from the firft day of June 1731. for 21 years.

Farther continued />; 23 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for the more effeftual punifhing Jlealers of lead or iron bars fixed to houfes, or any fences belonging thereunto.

WHEREAS the pernicious praftice of Jlealing of lead\ iron bars, iron gates, iron palifadoes and iron rails fixed to dwell-ing-houfes, out-houfes, coach-houfes, fables, and other buildings, and fixed in gardens, orchards, court-yards, fences and outlets belonging to dwelling-houfes and other buildings, hath of late time been much nfed to the great detriment of his Majeflys fubjefts; and it is necef-fary for the more effeftual preventing of fuch offencesy to inflift a more exemplary punifhment on fuch offenders, than by the laws of this realm can now be done3 be it therefore enafted by the King's moft ex-Stealers of cellcnt majePiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords bars’ &C1 fixed ^P^r^tua^ anc* temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament to houfes or assembled, and-by the authority of the fame. That from and any fences be- after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred longing there- ancj thirty one, aii and every perfon and perfons, who fhall fteal, r° of HorfUl1" riP> cut or krea^> with intent to fteal, any lead, iron bar, iron 'VOi,Cr°ny‘	gate,



2 6i

1731.] Anno quarto Georgii II, e.33#

gate, iron palifadoe or iron rail whatsoever, being fixed to any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, coach-houfe, ftable or other building, ufed or occupied with fuch dwelling-houfe, or thereunto belonging, or to any other building whatsoever, or fixed in any garden, orchard, court-yard, fence or outlet, belonging to any dwelling-houfe or other building, fhall be deemed and confirued to be guilty of felony; and every fuch felon and felons fhall be fubjedt and liable to the like pains and penal ties* as in cafes of felony; and the court, by and before whom fuch perfon or per-fons fhall be tried fhall, and hereby have power and authority to and betranf-tranfport fuch felons for the fpace of feven years, in like manner as ported for fe-other felons are directed to be tranfported by the laws and fiatutes ven ye^rs* of this realm; and all and every perfon and perfons who fhall be aiding, abetting or afiifting in ftealing, or in fuch ripping, cutting or breaking any lead, iron bar, iron gate, iron palifadoe or iron rail, fixed to any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, coach-houfe, liable or other building, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence or outlet, belonging to any dwelling-houfe or other building, or who lhall buy or receive any fuch lead, iron bar, iron gate, iron palifadoe or iron rail, knowing the fame to be ftolen, (halt be fubjecf and liable to the fame punifhments, as if he, fhe or they had ftolen the fame; any law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for obviating d doubt which hath arifen concerning the ufual allowance made upon the delivery of letters fent by the penny pofi to places out of the cities of London and Weft-minfter and borough of Southwark, and the refpeftive fuburbs thereof\

WHEREAS upon the firjl eftablijhinent of the office called the Penny Poll Office, the carriage or conveyance of the letters by that pojl was confined to the cities of London and Weftminfier, the borough of Southwark, and the refpeftive fuburbs thereof; and whereas upon the application of the inhabitants of feveral towns and places within the compafs of ten miles round the city of London, and upon their voluntary offer to allow and pay to the mejjengers or perfons carrying or tranfmitting fuch letterj, in confideration of their being obliged to travel with an horfe to places at that difiance, one penny upon the delivery ofi every letter direfted to any perfon at any place out of the cities of London ^/Weftminfier and borough of Southwark, and the refpeftive fuburbs thereof over and above the penny paid upr■ on putting every fuch letter into the petiny pofi office in London, the carriage or conveyance of letters and pacquets by the faid poff commonly called The Penny Pofi, zvas extended ten miles round the city of London, and one pemiy hath been confantly allozved to and taken by fuch meffiengers, on the delivery of every letter direfted to any perfon at any place out of the cities of London and Weftminfier, the borough of Southwark, and the refpeftive fuburbs thereof , over and above the penny paid upon putting fuch letter into the penny pofi office



26z

9 Ann, c. io.

Penny poft-men carrying letters out ot London,Weft* minder or Southwark, may demand id, at delivery.

Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 34.	[1731 *

In London; and whereas by reafon of the provifion contained in an adf of parliament made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for eftablilhing a general poft office for all her  Majesty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly film out of the revenues thereof, for the fervice of the war, and other her  Majesty’s occafions, fome doubts have lately arifen> whether the mejfengers or per fins carrying or tranfmitting fuch letters, could lawfully receive. and tale the faid allowance of one penny, upon the delivery of every letter, dire died or delivered to or for any per fin, at any place out of the cities of London and Weftminfter, the borough of Southwark, and the refpedlive fuburbs thereof over and above the penny paid upon putting fuch letter into the penny poft office in London; for obviating and taking away all fuch doubts, be it declared and enadted by the King’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That nothing in the faid a<5l of the ninth year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign (hall or ought to be con-• ftrued to extend to reftrain or hinder any fuch meffenger or per-fon carrying or tranfmitting letters by the faid poft, commonly called The Penny Poft, from demanding or taking for every letter originally fent by the penny poft, and not firft palling by the general poft and from thence tranfmitted by the penny poft, which hath been or (hall be delivered to or for any perfon, at any place out of the cities of London and Wejlminjler, the borough of Southwark, and the refpe&ive fuburbs thereof, one penny, over and above the penny paid upon putting.every fuch letter into the penny poft office, and that no fuch meffenger or other perfon fhall incur, or (hall be deemed, adjudged or taken to have incurred, or to incur any penalty or forfeiture whatsoever, for demanding and taking for any fuch letter fo delivered or to be delivered as aforefaid, one penny, over and above the penny paid upon putting fuch letter into the penny poft office, or for detaining or delaying any fuch letter, until fuch one penny for any fuch letter fo delivered or to be delivered as aforefaid, was or (hall be paid; any thing in the faid a cl, or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding,

CAP. XXXIV.

An for repairing the road leading from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlefex through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammerfmith in the faid county.

The toll is to continue from a© May 1731. for 11 years. Continued by 23 &eo. c. 10.

CAP.



Anno quinto GeorGH II. C. 1,2,3.

263

*732-]

Regni GE O R G11 II. quinto.

AT	the parliament	begun and holden at Weftminfter,

the twenty third day of January, Anno Domini one thousand f	'evenhundred and twenty f	, in the	of

the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Kingy defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fe-veral prorogations to the thirteenth day of January one thoufand	feven hundred and thirty , the fifth fejfion of

this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An a& for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of GreatBrrtain called England $ and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain galled Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two. EXP.

CAP, II.

An att for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

gin ail to encourage and compel George Robinfon, efquire, and John Thomfon to appear, and produce the books, and dij~ cover the effefts of the Charitable Corporation for relief of indujlrious poor by ajfifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal inter eft; and to be examined thereupon at the times and places therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many fraudulent and indirect practices have for feme years laft pa ft been carried on by perfons concerned in the direftion and management of the affairs of the Charitable Corporation for the relief of induftrious poor by ajfifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal inter eft, contrary to the intention of their fbarter ^ whereby great numbers of his Majeftf s fubjefts have fuff ere d manifeft wrong and lofs\ a true difeovery of which fraudulent and in-dire ft practices is neceftary>, in order to the procuring a juft relief and fatisfaftion to the faid Jufferers: and whereas George Robinfon, efquire, banker and agent to the faid corporation, hath withdrawn himfelf beyond the ft as, being charged with great fums of money due from him to the faid corporation, and alfo with being privy to and concerned in many of the faid fraudulent and indireft praftices, and a commijfton of bankruptcy hath iffiied againjl him, whereupon he hath been declared a bankrupt, but hath not hitherto fubmitted to the authority of the faid commijfton: and whereas John Thomfon warehoufe-keeper of the faid corporation hath likewife withdrawn himfelf beyond the feat, and hath carried away fevtral books of accountpapers and

S 4.	effefts



Anno quinto Georgii II. €.4,5,6.	[x73^*

effefts belonging to the fad corporation, and is charged with great Jums of money due from him to the faid corporation, and with being privy to and concerned in many of the faid fraudulent and, in dire hi p rah ices, and a commiffton of bankruptcy hath likewife ijfued againfl him, and he hath thereupon been declared a bankrupt, but hath not hitherto fubmitfed to the authority of the faid commfjion: now for the better difeovery of the faid fraudulent practices, and of the eflate and effects of the faid corporation, which have been im-bezelled and concealed: be itenafted, &c.

Claufe encouraging George Robinfon and John Thonjfon to'fubmit to examination. On Inch fubmifiion to be protefted from arrefts till June j. Not fubmitting and delivering to the commiftioners of bankruptcy the effects in their hands, guilty of felony. Concealing goods or accounts belonging to them, to be imprifoned. 200I. penalty and double value of goods concealed alter 25 December for three years.

CAP. IV.

An aft for rebuilding the parifh church of Woolwich in the county of Kent, as one ot the fifty new churches direfted to be built by two afts of parliament, one madein .the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Appointment of 3,oool. to be paid out of the coal duty. Materials of the pld church to be difpofed of.

cap. v.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two. EXP. is. in the pound.

CAP. VI.

An aft for reviving the duties on fait for the term therein

mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fifth and fixth years' of the reign of their late majefiies King William and ghieen Mary, of glorious memory , intitule d, An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recom-pences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as fha]l voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it was amongfi other things enafted, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thousand fix hundred and ninety four, there flmild be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon T weed, raifed, levied, colie ft ed, and paid unto their Majefiies, their heirs, and fuccejfors, until the feventeenth day of May, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety feven, for fait, the rates and duties following \ that is to fay, for every gallon offait, not being of the produft or mamifafture of the kingdom of England, dominion of'Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, imported, or to be imported into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three pence, of laivful money of England, over and above the then duties payable on fait imported,



*732*]	Anno	quinto	Georgii II, c. 6.	265

and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; and for every gallon of fait, and rock fait made at the fait works, or taken out of any pits within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of one peny halfopeny and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity ; with divers pro-■vifions and directions in the faid aft contained, for managing, collects ingy paying, and applying the faid duties: and whereas by another aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his faid late majefy King William the Third, intituled, An a<5t for continuing 7 & 8 W. 3* to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, Hone and earthen ware?, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftablifhing a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tonnage of fhips and upon coals, the fame rates and duties were continued for ever for the purpofes of the faid aft: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majefy King William/^ Third, intituled, An a61 for raifing a fum not exceeding two millions 9 & I0w, 3, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eafi-Indies, it was amongf other things enafted, That there Jhoidd be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefy, his heirsy and fucceffors for every for fait, the feveral additional rates and duties following ; that is to fayy For every gallon of fait from and after the twenty fourth day 0/* December, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety nine, imported from foreign parts 9 the fum of[even pence of lawful money ^England, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity ; and for every gallon of fait, and rock falty from and after the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety nine, made at the fait worksy or taken out of any pit or pits within the kingdom ^England, dominion of Wales, or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three pence halfpenny, of like money, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity: and whereas by the articles of. union between the kingdoms ^England and'Scotland, all the faid duties on fait vjerey from the times therein mentioned, to take place in Scotland (except the additional duty on home made fait) zuith fome pro?-vifions for preventing fait made in Scotland from being brought into England, without paying the faid additional duty on fait made in England : and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the third year of-the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An acf for taking 3 Geo, 2, off certain duties on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby, and for charging the re-?, duced annuity payable to the Eafi-India company on the aggregate fund, and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Matthezv Fagey deceafed, in refpedf of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year one thousand feven hundred twenty four, it is enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the duty of one penny half-penny per gallon on faity and rock folf made in this kingdomy which ivas granted by the



266

Anno qu’into Georgii II. e. 6.	[1732?

jaid aft of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their late ma-jejlies King William and ghteen Mary, and alfo all the additional duties on fait, whether imported from foreign parts, or home made, which were granted by the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majefiy King William the Thirds floould ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given or granted by any aft or afts of parliament for the levying, fe curings colie ft ing, or recovering the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, and all provtfons, regulations, or reflriftions, relating to the importing or bringing of fait made in Scotland into England, without paying the faid additional duty on fait, Jhould ceafe, determine, and not be put in execution, and then, and from thenceforth, the right or demand of any perfon or perfons in purfuance of the faid recited a fts, any of them,	&/5	exporting beyond the feas any fait, for which

the faid duties had been before fecured or paid, to have the fecurities for the fame difcharged, or the mom es paidfor the fame repaid,Jhould alfo ceafe and determine, as to fo much of fuch fecurities or payments, as were given or made for any of the duties by the faid aft to be determined ; and that no drawbacks, on account of fuch duties fo fecured or paid before the faid twenty fifth day ^/'December, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, except for the duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fait impofed by the firfi herein recited' aft, Jhould be made and allowed on any fait exported beyond the feas after that time, with a provifo in the faid aft contained, that the fame Jhould not extend to determine the faifi duty of three pence per gallon on fait, not of the produft or manufacture of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or toivn of Berwick upon Tweed, fo as aforefaid granted by the faid aft of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their faid late majefiies King William and Jpueen Mary, nor to determine or make void any of the provifitons, rules, or directions made by the faid afts, or any of them, and then in force for payment of the fame duty by the importers of fuch foreign fait upon the entry thereof or for preventing the landing thereof before fuch entry made, or the fecuring the fame by bond with fufficient fureties, or for allo wing the difeounts, or paying the faid duty in ready money, or for allowances for draivbacks of the duties paid or fecured on the re-exporting the fame for foreign parts, or for making good any Ioffes or accidents that might happen in fuch fait after Jhipping the fame for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coaflwife, or for afeer-taining the weight in each bujhel, by which the Jaid duty Jhould be computed, or to determine or make void any former aft or claufe relating to fhips or vejfels laden with foreign fait, found hovering on the co a ft, or relating to Juch fait exported to Ireland and landed there; but the fame and every of them Jhould remain and be in as full force and virtue, as they then were, if the faid la ft recited aft had not been made: now, we your Majesty s mofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, towards raifimg the necejfary fupplies for defraying the expenccs of your  Majesty’s government, have freely refolved to revive not only the duty granted by the faid firjf recited aft on home made fait, but alfo all the additional



2 6/

1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c.

ditional duties on fait, whether foreign, or made in any part of Great Britain, imp'ofed by the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majejiy King William the Tbirdr or by the Articles of union between the kingdoms of England and Scotland ; and do moil humbly-befeech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty j±\\ t^e fajt fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, duties revived for and during the fpace of three years, the duty of one penny lron? March half-penny per gallon, on all fait and rock fait, made at the fait 25 *or3yeais* works, or taken out of any pits within this kingdom, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity, which was granted by the faid adt of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, and fince made perpetual ; and alfo all the additional duties on fait, whether imported from foreign parts, or made in any part of Great Britain which were granted by the faid adt of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, or made payable by the articles of union between the kingdoms of England and Scotland, (hall be revived and become payable, and be paid in fuch manner, and with fuch allowances for prompt payment, and for wafte on fait carried coaftwife, or to Ireland,, as if the faid laft recited adt had never been made; and that then, and from thenceforth, for the better levying, collecting* recovering, and fecuring the duties hereby revived, and which fhall become due and payable within the time aforefaid, all the powers and authorities given or granted by the faid recited acts, or either of them, or any other act or acts of parliament for levying, collecting, recovering, fecuring, and paying the fame into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer at Wefminjler, for the ufes and purpofes by this act directed and intended, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, and all provificns for the diftribution of fuch penalties and forfeitures between his Majesty and the informers, when recovered, and the methods of fuing for, recovering, receiving, and mitigating the fame, and all provifions, regulations, or reftrictions relating to the importing or bringing of fait made in Scotland into England, without paying the faid additional duty on fait, fhall be revived, and be in full force and virtue, and have the fame effedt, and be put in execution in the fame manner, as if the faid laft recited adt had never been made, or as if the fame powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, provifions, regulations, and reftridti-ons, which were in force before and at the time of making the faid laft recited adt, were here again repeated and re-enadted ; and that then and from thenceforth the right or demand of any perfon or perfons in purfuance of the faid adts, or any or either of them, for or in refpedt of his or their exporting, or having exported, beyond the feas any fait, for which the faid duties fiave been; or fhall before fuch exportation be fecured or paid,

to



Anno qulnto Georgii II. c.6.	[*732*

to have the fecurities for the fame difcharged, or the monies paid for the fame repaid, (hall alfo be revived, and fuch perfon and perfons (hall have the full benefit thereof, and all drawbacks on account of fuch duties fo fecured or paid, or to be fecured or paid, fhall be made and allowed for or in refpeCt of the exportation of fait to parts beyond the feas, whether the fame be foreign fait, or made within any part of Great Britain, in the fame manner as fuch drawbacks were or ought to have been made, if the faid lath recited aCt had not been made ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

To be mana- II • And be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, ged by proper That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one eom mill ion- thousand feven hundred and thirty two, for and during the faid ei^4	fpace	of three years, the managing, levying, collecting, receiv-

ing, recovering, or fecuring, not only of the duties on fait hereby revived, but alfo of the duty on foreign fait granted by the laid firft recited act, and continued as aforefaid, fliall be under the care and direction of the commilfioners for the receipt, management, and government of the duties on fait, appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, and of the officers for the faid duties on fait for the time being, in the fame manner as the faid duties were managed, levied, collected, received, or fecured before, and at the time of making the faid aCt of the third year of his prefent Majefty; and that all the bounties or allowances due and payable upon the exportation of fifh, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, fhall be allowed and paid in the fame manner, as the faid allowances and bounties were paid and payable before, and at the time of making the faid aCt, any thing in the faid aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas by two feveral aCts of parliament made in S Geo. i. the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for taking off the duty upon all fait ufed in curing of red herrings, or white herrings, and for laying proportionable du^ ties on fuch herrings confumed at home, only one duty or rate of one (billing and eight pence per thousand was laid on all red herrings cured promifcuoufly with red herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confumption, and another duty or rate of three (hillings and four pence per barrel was laid on all white herrings cured promifcuoufly with white herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confumption ; and in each of the faid aCis there is a provifion, that in cafe the duties of excife on fait (which then amounted to three (hillings and four pence 'per bufhel on ' home made fait, and fix (hillings and eight pence per buflhel on foreign fait) or any of them, fhould ceafe, determine, or be redeemed by parliament, then the refpeClive rates and duties thereby impofed (hould ceafe, or be leftened in proportion to the duties on fait that fhould fo ceafe, determine, or be abated : and whereas in confequence of the faid recited aCl of parliament made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, four



The rates of i s. 8 d. per 1000 on red herrings, and 3 s* 4d. per barrel on white herrings revived.

1732.] Anno quinto GeoRGII II. C.	6.	269

parts in five of the whole of the faid duties on fait, both home inade and foreign computed together, did ceafe, determine, and were abated, from the faid twenty fifth day of December* one thousand feven hundred and thirty, it was therefore by the Jaft mentioned abl enabled, That the duties or rates on fuch red or white herrings (hould from thenceforth be charged only after the rate of four pence for every thousand of fuch red herrings, and of eight pence for every barrel of fuch white herrings, and that the faid reduced duties fhould be paid and payable to the proper officers of the cuftoms, in the fame manner as the duty on foreign fait is thereby direbled to be paid : now be it enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, for and during the faid fpace of three years, the faid rate or duty of one (hilling and eight pence per thousand on all red herrings, and of three (hillings and four pence per barrel on all white herrings'cured promifcuoufly with red herrings, or white herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confumption, fhall be revived; and that the faid rates and duties (hall be paid and payable to the faid com-miffioners for the duties on fait, or the officers for the faid duties on fait, in the fame manner, as the faid rates or duties were paid and payable before the lad mentioned act was made, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas by the eighth article of the treaty of union between the kingdoms of England and Scotland, it was amongft other things concluded and agreed, That from and after the union there (hould be allowed five (hillings fterling for every barrel of beef or pork falted with foreign fait, without mixture of Briti/l) or Irijh fait, and exported for fale from Scotland to parts beyond the fea, alterable by the parliament of Great Britain : and whereas by an abl of parliament made in the fifth year 5 Annas, of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled* An a£l for the eafe of her Majesty s fubjefts in relation to the duties upon fait, and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flefh, oatmeal, and grain called beer, alias bigg, as are made upon exportation of the like from Scotland, it was enabled, That for every barrel of falted beef or pork, which fhould be exported for fale from any part of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyond the feas, after the firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and feven, by any perfon or perfons whatsoever, there fhould be the like allowances as were to be allowed on luch beef and pork exported from Scotland, to be paid out of the duties on fait: and whereas in confequence of the faid recited a<51 made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, feven parts-in ten of the duties on foreign fait were taken off, or abated ; it was therefore by the laft mentioned acl enabled, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty, the faid allowances of five (hillings per barrel on the exportation of falted beef or pork, exported for fale from

any



barrel on fait ed beef or pork exported.

Allowances on exportation, or wafte. J

Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 6*	{1732*

any part of Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, (hould as alfo 5 s. per re<^uce<^ t0 atl allowance of one (hilling and fix pence per barrel, and no more, on all beef or pork falted with foreign fait only, without any mixture of Britifo or IriJI) fait: now be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, for and during the faid fpace of three years, the faid allowances of five (hillings per barrel on the exportation of falted beef or pork, exported for fale from any part of Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, (hall be revived, and (hall be paid and payable out of the fame duties and revenues, and in the fame manner as the fame were paid and payable before the laft mentioned acft was made, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, who from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, (hall export beyond the feas any fait, either foreign or Englifh, or any rock fait, or fait refined from rock fait, for which the duties dial] have been paid, (hall have any other or greater allowance on prompt payment, and for wafte on being carried coaftwife, and for wafte on being carried to Ireland, and upon exportation of the fame by way of debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, or otherwife in the whole, than what really and bona fide was before paid for the duty of the faid fait; and that no perfon or perfons giving bond or fecurity for the faid duty, payable within the time limited by law, (ball be intitled to have any other or greater allowance for wafte on fuch falts being carried coaftwife, and for wafte on fuch falts being carried to Ireland, and upon exportation of the fame by way of debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, or otherwife in the whole, than what (hall difcharge and vacate the bond and fecurity given for the payment of the duty of the fait fo carried coaftwife, and exported.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to carry and bring from any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of that

r^scured	Aareal	Britain	called	England, white herrings cured with

vvitf^fa^made ^ made in Scotland, the perfon or perfons bringing the faid in Scotland to white herrings into England, paying at the port, to which the pay as. 4d. fame (hall be brought, two (hillings and four pence for every barrel, containing thirty two gallons of fuch white herrings fo brought from Scotland, and in proportion for half barrels.

VII.	Provided always, That the proprietor or proprietors of white herrings fhipt aboard any fhip or veffel, in any port or

collector*ofthe P^ace Scotland, or the iflands thereunto belonging, to be tranf-cuitoms, and ported or carried to any port or place in England, dominion of fecurity given Jjfales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or their refpedlive for landing in agents, do, before the faid fhip or veffel depart from the faid ns au ' port or place in Scotland, make a particular entry, with the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms there, of

the

per barrel.

and to be en-tred with the



271

1732.] Anno quinto GeORGH II. c. 6.

the number of barrels of white herrings fo fhipt, to be delivered and difcharged in fome port or place in England, and become bound to rhe King’s majesty, his heirs, and fuccef-fors in the value of the herrings, for delivery and difcharge thereof in the port or place, for which the fame fhall be en-tred as aforefaid, or fome other port or place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the danger and accidents of the feas excepted, and to return a certificate within fix months after the date of the bond, under the hand and feal of the principal officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy, for the time being, in the refpecftive ports or places where the fame fhall be landed and difcharged, to the officers of the cuftoms, to whom fuch fecurity hath been granted as aforefaid, that fuch white herrings were landed and difcharged accordingly, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the bond aforefaid; and further that the laid proprietor or proprie- Qn oath macje tors, or their known agents, do make oath, that the herrings fo of their being fhipt were cured in Scotland with fait made there, whereof the cured with duty payable by this a<£t hath been paid, and that the fame are ^cate^to^e" not intended to be exported to any place beyond the feas; which granted. oath the faid collector, or other principal officer, is hereby authorized to adminifter, and is likewife required without delay to grant a certificate gratis under his hand and feal, that fuch entry or entries, and oath or oaths were made, and bond or bonds granted as aforefaid; and that the matter of every fhip or veffel, wherein fuch white herrings fhall be fhipt, or put on board to. be tranfported and carried as aforefaid, or the proprietor or proprietors, or their refpedtive agents, do, before landing or putting on fhoar the faid herrings, or putting them on board any other fhip or boat, in any port or place of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tiveed, deliver the faid certificate to the proper officer of the cuftoms, in the port or place where the fame fhall be landed or put on fhoar, or on board any other fhip or boat, under the penalty of the forfeiture of the herrings fo landed or put on fhoar, or on board any other fhip or boat, and forty fhillings for each barrel of the faid herrings ; one moiety to the ufe of the King’s majesty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to be recovered from the importer or proprietor in the fame manner as other penalties Penalty on impofed by the acfts above revived ; and that if any perfon or falfe certifh perfons do prefume to counterfeit, rafe, or alter any of the cer- cates, tificates above required, or to ufe any fuch certificate knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited, rafed, or altered, fuch perfon or perfons fhall incur the pains which are by law inflided on perfons found guilty of forgery.

VIII.	And whereas there may have been contracts or bargains made for the purchafe and (ale of home made fait, or rock fait, to be delivered and received at future times, after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, which contracts or bargains, by reafon of the duties on fait and rock fait hereby revived and impofed, cannot be com-



272

Contracts for fait not delivered before March 25 va cated.

Anno quinto Georgii II.

G. 7.

Porchafe money to be repaid.

[173.2-;

plied with by the fellers without great lofs and damage, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all contracts or bargains made, or to be made, before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, for the purchafe and fale of home made fait, or rock fait, to t>e delivered and received at any future time or times, which (hall not be performed and complied with on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty two* fhall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no effedt; and in cafe any fum or fums of money fhall have been advanced and paid by any purchafer or purchasers, for or on account of any home made fait or rock fait, which fhall not be delivered on or before the faid t wenty fifth day of March one thou7 fand feven hundred and thirty two, all fuch fums of money fhall be forthwith repaid to the perfon or perfons, who fhall have advanced and paid the fame, together with legal interefl: for the fame, from the time and times that fuch fum or fums of money fhall have been refpedtively advanced and paid.

Claufe of loan for 500,600!. If no loans be made on this aft, exchequer bills may be iffued, to bear interefl: at 2 d. per cent, per diem'. Surplus df fait duties to be difpolcd of by parliament. Revived and made perpetual by 26 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. VII.

An aft for the more eafy recovery of debts in his Majefly's ■ plantations and colonies in America.

WHEREAS his Majefly sfiihjefts trading to the Britifhplan-tat ions Jn America lie under great difficulties, for want of more eafy methods of proving, recovering and levying of debts due to them, than are now ufed in feme of the faid pla?itations: and whereas it will tend very much to the retrieving of the credit formerly given by the trading fubjeffs of Great Britain to the natives and inhabitants of the faid plantations, and to the advancing of the trade of this ki?igdom thither, if fuch inconveniencies were remedied \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that maiy be enacted, and be it enadled by the King’s molt excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons* in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fevefr hundred and thirty two, in any adtion or fuit then depending, or thereafter to be brought in any court of law or equity in any on oruh before °f the faid plantations, for or relating to any debt or account* a chief magi- wherein any perfon refiding in Great Britain fhall be a party, it Urate.	{ball and may be Iawfulto and for the plaintiff* or defendant,

and alfo to and for any witnefs to be examined or made ufe of in fuch action or fuit, to verify or prove any matter or thing by affidavit or affidavits ih writing upon oath, or in cafe the perfo'n making fuch affidavit be one of the people called Shakers, then upon his or her folernn affirmation, made before any mayor or o;her chief magiflrate of the city, borough or town corporate in

After Sept. 29 plantation

debts may be proved here

Hosted by CjOCK^Ic

i732-] Ahno quinto GeorgIi If. c. y.	273

Great Britain, where or near to which the perfon making fuch affidavit or affirmation (hall refide, and certified and tranfmitted under the common Teal of fuch city, borough or town corporate, or the feal of the office of fuch mayor, or other chief ma-giftrate, which oath and folemn affirmation every fuch mayor and chief magiftrate (hall be and is hereby authorized and im-powered to adminifter; and every affidavit or affirmation fo made* certified and tranfmitted, (hall in all fuch actions and fuits be allowed to be of the fame force and effed, as if the perfon or perfons marking the fame upon oath or folemn affirmation as aforefaid, had appeared and (worn or affirmed the matters contained in fuch affidavit or affirmation viva voce in open court, or upon a com million iffiied for the examination of witnefles, or of any party in any fuch adion or fait refpedively; provided that in every fuch affidavit and affirmation there fhall be expreffed the addition of the party making fuch affidavit or affirmation, and the particular place of his or her abode.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Debts to his That in all fuits now depending, or hereafter to be brought in Majesty may any court of law or equity by or in behalf of his Majesty, his be proved m heirs and fucceffors, in any of the faid plantations, for or relat- ^ arne man~ ing to any debt or account, that his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

ceffors, (hall and may prove his and their debts and accounts* and examine his or their witnefs or witnefles by affidavit or affirmation in like manner as any fubjed or fubjeds is or are im-powered or may do by this prefent ad.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafled, That Penalty on if any perfon making fuch affidavit upon oath or folemn af-f^ oath or firmation as aforefaid, (hall be guilty of falfly and wilfully fvvear- affiimati°n* ing or affirming any matter or thing in fuch affidavit or affirmation, which, if the fame had been fworn upon an examination

in the ufual form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt ' perjury, every perfon fo offending being thereof lawfully con-vided, (hall incur the fame penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm are provided againft perfons con-vided of wilful and corrupt perjury.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Lanj^s houfes That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one ne,-roes, &c, * thousand feven hundred and thirty two, the houfes, lands, ne- in die plantar groes, and other hereditaments and real eftates, fituate or being tions liable to within any of the faid plantations belonging to any perfon in- fat*sfy debts, debted, (hall be liable to and chargeable with all juft debts,

duties and demands of what nature or kind loever, owing by any fuch perfon to his Majesty, or any of his fubjedfs, and (hall and may be affets for the fatisfadlion thereof, in like manner as real eftates are by the law of England liable to the fatisfadfion of debts due by bond or other fpecialty, and (hall be fubjedf to the like remedies, proceedings and procefs in any court of law or e-quity, in any of the faid plantations refpetftively, for feizing, extending, felling or difpofing of any fuch houfes, lands, negroes, and other hereditaments and real eftates, towards the fatisfac-Vql. XVI,	T	tion



A redtal of the patent granted 5 Geo. i.

Anno quinto GeoRGH II. c. 8.	[1732.

lion of fuch debts, duties and demands, and in like manner a$ perfonal eftates in any of the faid plantations refpediively are feized, extended, fold or difpofed of, for the fatisfadtion of debts.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for providing a recompence to Sir Thomas Lombe, for difcovering and introducing the arts of making and working the three capital Italian engines for making or-ganzine Jilk, and for preferving the invention for the benefit of this kingdom.

H E R E A S the riches, Jlrength and profperity of this king-* * dom depend on the trade thereof: and whereas the introducing and improving fuch neiv arts and inventions as will imploy great numbers of our poor, keep our money at home, and increafe the profitable trade carried on by the exportation of our own manufactures^ tend greatly to the fecuring and etilarging the general trade and commerce of Great Britain, and ought by all proper ways and means to be encouraged: and whereas Thomas Lombe of London, merchant, now Sir Thomas Lombe, knight, did with the uimofi difficulty and hazard, and at a very great expence, difcover the arts of making and Working the three capital engines made ufe of by the Italians to make their organzine filk, and did introduce thofe arts and inventions into this kingdom : and whereas his late majefly King George was gra-cioufly pleafed, by his letters patents bearing date the ninth day of September in the fifth year of his reign, under the great fed of Great Britain, to give and grant unto the faid Thomas Lombe, now Sir Thomas Lombe, his executors, adminifiraters and affigns, efpecial licence,full power, foie privilege and authority to exercife, work, ufe and enjoy his new invention of three forts of engines by him the faid Thomas Lombe found out, never before made or ufed in Great Britain, one to wind the finefl raw filk, another to fpin, and the other to twijfl the finefl Italian raw filk into organzine, within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales* and the toivn ^Berwick upon Tweed, and-the whole profit, benefit, commodity and advantage from time to time coming, groioing, accruing and arifing by reafon of the faid invention, during the full term of fourteen years from the date of the faid letters patents, according to the Jlatute in that cafe made and provided, and did thereby require and JlriCtly command all and every other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, within that part of the kingdom tf/'Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town 0/" Berwick upon T weed aforefaid, that neither they nor any of them do direftly or indirectly make, ufe or put in practice the faid invention or any part of the fame, during the faid term : and whereas the faid Sir Thomas Lombe fince the granting, the faid letters patents hath at a farther great expence erected large buildings, and therein fet up the faid engines or machines, and put the faid invention in ufe and practice on the river Derwent at the town tf/'Derby, for making organzine filk, and applied himfelf with the ut'mofl care and diligence to improve the

fame,



1732.]	Anno	qulnto	Georgii II. c. 8.	275

fame, in order to render it of the greater ufe and benefit to this king-dom ; but by reafon of the long time required to finifh and compleat the faid buildings and engines, and to inflruff fo great a number of people as were neceJJ'ary to work the faid engines, and the great obfi ruff ton this undertaking received by the King ^Sardinia’; prohibiting the exportation of the raw filk, which the faid engines were made to work, and afterwards by reafon of the great difficulty of bringing the manufacture to full perfection, which could not be ejfeffed by the rnofl diligent application, until about a year ago, the faid Sir Thomas Lombe has been deprived of the benefit attended by the faid letters patents; therefore, for providing a proper recompence to the faid Sir Thotnas . Lombe, and preferving the faid invention for the benefit of the trade of this nation; may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadfed, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of all or any of the I4>000}# tobe aids or fupplies granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year paid to Sir one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, there (hall and may T. Lombe by be applied and paid to the faid Sir Thomas Lombe, his executors, the crown, adminiftrators, or afligns, thefum of fourteen thousand pounds, as a reward and recompence to him, for the eminent fervice he has done this nation, in difcovering, introducing, and bringing to full perfection, at his own great expcnce as aforefaid, a work foufeful and beneficial to this kingdom ,■ and the lords commif-fioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to diredt the payment of, and iffue the faid fum of fourteen thousand pounds to the faid Sir Thomas Lombe, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns accordingly.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That it (hallin cafe 0f his and1 may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, under allowing a his or their royal fign manual, to appoint any perfon or perfons perfect model from1 time to time to view and infpedt the faid three engines, to taken take a perfect and exadt model thereof, and to depofit the fame venteV^111* in fuch place as his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors (hall ap- gines. point, to fecure and perpetuate the art of making the like engines for the advantage of this kingdom; and in cafe the faid Sir Thomas Lombe fhall refufe or not permit fuch perfon fo authorized to take fuch model, he fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fourteen thousand pounds to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs* and fucceflbrs, to be recovered by information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wefminfier.

Ta .	CAP,



[1732-

i

276	Anno	quinto	Georgii	II. c. 9, io, 11.

CAR IX.

An act to explain an aft made in the lafi fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aft: for importing from his Majesty *s plantations in America, direftly into Ireland, goods not e-numerated in any aft of parliamentyfo far as the faid aft relates to the importation of foreign hops into Ireland.

A recital of \A/* ^ ^ R E A S by an a ft made in the ninth year of the reign of the ad: 9 Ann. * * her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for laying a c. i2.	duty upon hops, it was provided and enafted, That no perfon or

perfons whatsoever Jhould import or caufe to be imported into the kingdom of Ireland prom Flanders, or any other parts ivbatfoever (other 1 Geo. 1.flat.a. than from Great Britain) any hops whatsoever, which duties upon c. 12. fed. 5. bops were<) by an rnade in the fir ft year of the reign of his late 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. ma)efty King George the Firjl, granted to his Jaid late Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors for ever : and whereas an aft paffed in the fourth year of your Majejly's reign, intituled, An aft for importing from his  Majesty’s plantations in America, direftly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any aft of parliament; and ‘whereas fince the puffing the faid lajl mentioned afty J'ome doubts have arifen, whether liberty is thereby given to import hops from his Majesty s plantations in America direftly into Ireland; now to the end the faid doubts may for the future be removed, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefcy that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in ^his prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame* That the faid aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid im orted^nto *ate maJe^y Queen Anney and the faid aft made in the faid firft Ireland from Year °f his late  Majesty’s reign, and all and every claufe, matter ©therpartsbut and thing therein contained, which prohibit the importation of Great Britain, hops into the kingdom of Ireland from Flanders, or from any o-ther parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) (hall be, and remain and continue to be in full force, as if the faid aft paffed in the fourth year of his prefent Majesty had never been made.

CAP. X.

An aft for repairing and amending the road leading from the town of Manchefter in the county palatine of Lancafter, through the town of Alhton under Lyne and the parifh of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chelter.

The toll took place the firft day of May 1732, and is to have continuance for 21 years. Continued by 23 Geo. %. c. 5.

CAP. XI.

An act to enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county York.

WHEREAS the harbour of the antient town corporate of Scarboroughs the North Riding of	York,	tr-

ibe.



177

J732*j Anno quinto Georgii II. p. n.

the only place between the port tf/'Newcaftlq upon Tyne and the river Humber, capable of receivings in difrefs of weather^ flips navigating to and along the northern coajls of this kingdoms and to and from the eafern feus* <and other placeSs without great difficulty: and whereas the enlarging and extending the piers of the faid port .would render the fame much more commodious than now it is9 for the reception of large vejjehs and particularly of thofe ufing the coal trades in tempejls and other times of danger : and whereas the expence of the enlargement of the faid pier, whereby at leaf fix foot water will be gained within the faid harbours wild amount to near twelve thousand Computation pounds: and whereas the faid town .^/’Scarborough is unable to raife of charge, a fum of money fufficient to defray the expence of compleating an undertaking of fo pubiick an advantage and utility, and keeping the faid piers (when finijhed) in necejfary repair,s9 without the aid and af-fifance of parliament: to the end therefore that the faid piers may be enlarged, extended, improved and kept in repair, may it pleafe your Majeity that it may be ena<5ted, &c.

One half penny per chalder for coals from 24 June 1732 till 24 June 17.63, to be paid to the bailiffs and burgeffes of Scarborough. No cuftomer to enter veffels till payment. Duties payable from 24 June 1732 till 24 June 1783* For all coals landed within the port 1 s. per chalder. For cynders

1	s. per chalder. For every weigh of fait landed 2 s. For every groce of glafs bottles 2 d. For fir timber imported in Englifh bottoms 3 d. per tun.

For every hundred of fir deals 3 s. For every hundred of half deals 1 s.

6 d. For every hundred of midde balks 3 s. For every hundred of double ufers 3 s. For every hundred of fingle ufers 1 s. For every hundred of capraevens 3 s. For every hundred of fmall balks 1 s. For every hundred of fmall fpars 6 d. For every hundred of battins 1 s. For every hundred of pale boards 2 d. great mails apiece 3 s. middle marts 1 s. 6 d. fmall malts 6 d. Oak timber and plank per tun 3 d. Wine and brandy per tun 5 s. and for the above goods imported in foreign bottoms double duties; and for foreign goods not above mentioned imported in Englifh bottoms 3 d. per tun, and for foreign bottoms 6 d. per tun $ and for butter (hipped off 1 d. per firkin. For dried fifh and mudd fifh {hipped off

2	d. per fcore. * For barrelled fifh per barrel 4 d. For tallow 3 d. per hundred. Every ham 2 d. Neats tongues per dozen 3 d, Pjckled pork per barrel 1 s. For every flitch of bacon 2 d. Rabit skins per pack 2 s. 6 d.

Calves skins per dozen 3 d. Leather per hundred weight 1 s. And for every Englifh {hip which (hall enter the piers 6 d. And for the top or crofs trees, being of the burden of 130 tuns or upwards 4 d. and for every foreign (hip 1 s. and for the top or crofs trees of fuch foreign (hip, being of the burden of 130 tuns or upwards, 8 d. Bailiffs and burgeffes to appoint colle£tors. On death or refufal of commiffioners, others to be cho-l'en. Bailiffs and burgeffes may contrail with artificers for improving the harbour, and place or diiplace colie6lors, &c. Colle6tors to give fecurity.

Colle£lors may enter veffels, take an account of their lading, and feize for nonpayment of duties. Goods dilirained to be fold> if not redeemed ia 20 days. Duties alfignable for money borrowed. Bailiffs may lummon perfons to give an account of goods liable to the duty. Refufing to giv^ account of goods, forfeits 201. Annoying the harbour by ballaft, dufl,

&c. forfeits, 40 s. to be levied by diftrefs. On want of dillrefs, to be im-prifoned. An officer to be appointed to diredl the mooring of veffels, and prevent annoyances. Penalty on not mooring in the places appointed, 5 1. on emptying rubbifh, 20 s. Chief magiltrate of the corporation to exercife the powers given, though their ltile may be altered. Antient duties to be continued. Claufe of exemption for Great Yarmouth. Amended by 25 Geo.

T 3	CAP.



Anno quinto GeoRGII II. c. 12.	[1732.

CAP. XII.

An aft for amending and making more effeftual an aft made in the frfi yean of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional a£t for the improvement of tillage.

H E R E A S by an aft made in the firji year of the reign of % Jac.2. c.19. yy }ai£ MajeJiy King James the Second, intituled, An additional a<5t for the improvement of tillage, provifon was made for examining and determining the common market prices of middling Englifh corn and grain, which neverthelefs hath been found ineffectual ; Therefore for the better afcertaining the common market prices of midling Englifh com and grain, and for preventing the fraudulent importation of foreign corn and grain* be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the After -l June authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of 1732, juitices June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-two, it (hall and at quarter-lef' may ]awfuf to and for all and every the juftices of peace for fhe^ran^jm^ t^ie l*everai anc^ refpe&ive counties within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the- town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign corn or grain fhall or may be hereafter imported, and they are hereby enjoined and required, at every their quarter-feftions, to give in charge in open court to the grand jury there aflembled, to make inquiry and presentment, whoaretopre- upon their oaths of the common market prices of midling fent on oath Englifh corn and grain of the refpe6tive forts and quantities t^rfcS o^Eno- rrient^onecl *n an a<^ made in the two and twentieth year of the hn^corn. reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft 32Car.2 c.13 .for improvement of tillage and breed ofcattle^ as the fame fhall be commonly bought and fold in every fuch county, which inquiry and prefentment the faid grand jury are hereby impowered and required to make.

Prefentment II. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, to be made in That fuch prefentment fhall be made in open court, and fhall °Pe?l c?urt’ 1 be certified by the faid juftices in writing to his  Majesty’s chief leSoro/cuft-" officer and colle&or of the cuftoms for the time being, refid-oms,and hung ing in every fuch port or haven, where fuch corn and grain up at thecuft- fhall be imported, and fhall be hung up in fome publick place °mKr<lUfe-S *n cuftom-houfe belonging to every fuch port or haven, to pu ic view. ^ reforted to by all perfons for their information.

Duties on fo. III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, reign corn to That from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand

cordhf to the ^even hundred an^ thirty-two, the cuftom and duty of foreign cor mg o e CQm and grain imported into that part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the town of Berivick upon Tweedy appointed to be paid by the faid a<ft made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, (hall be

col-

prices m the certificates.



I732 l Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 12.	zjy

collefted and paid according to the prices contained in fuch refpeftive certificates as aforefaid, and not otherwife; any thing in the faid aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King James the Second to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- Not to extend thority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex- to London, tend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice or affeft the authority given by the faid aft made in the firft year of the reign of

his Majesty King James the Second, to the mayor, aldermen i Jac.a. c, 19* and juftices of the peace of the city of London; but that the faid mayor, aldermen and juftices of the peace may continue to exercife the fame at the times and in the manner therein mentioned; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, M ^

That from and after the faid firft day of June one thousand to be” * feven hundred and thirty-two, no warrant, fufferance, coaft granted for cocquet, Tranfire or lett pafs whatsoever fhall be granted or al- tranfporting lowed for tranfporting, conveying or carrying forth to the open any foreiKn

r	n	■	/r 1 r J b	J	•	i	•	i	corn to any o-

fea in any fhip or veliel from any port or haven within that t^er £n<difti

part of Great Britain called England^ Wales and the town of haven, after

Berwick upon Tweed, to any other port or haven of the fame, importation,

any foreign com or grain after the importation thereof; and

that no perlon or perfons whatsoever, from and after the faid

firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-two,

fhall direftly or indirectly tranfport, convey or carry forth to

the open fea, or caufe or procure to be tranfported, conveyed

or carried forth to the open fea out of or from any port, haven,

creek or road, or member thereof, within that part of Great

Britain called England, Wales and the town of Berwick upon

Tweed, in order to be landed or difcharged in any other port

or place within the fame, or lade, or caufe or procure to be

laden in any (hip or veffel, in order to be landed or difcharged

in any other port, haven or place within the fame, any foreign

corn or grain, or any foreign corn or grain mixed with Englijb

corn or grain, after the importation thereof, under the penal- Foreign corn

ties and forfeitures herein after mentioned, that is to fay, that fo tranfported

all fuch corn and grain that (hall be tranfported, conveyed or f°r*eited>

carried forth into the open fea, or laden contrary to this a (ft,

fhall be forfeited; and that every offender therein fhall forfeit and 20 s- Per

the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhel of fuch com or

grain fo tranfported, conveyed or carried forth into the open

fea, or laden contrary to this aft; and moreover the fhip or Veffel andtac*

veffel, upon which fuch corn or grain fhall be fo tranfported, forfeited

conveyed or carried forth into the open fea or laden, and all

her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture fhall be forfeited ; the

one moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the

King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety

to him or them who will fue for the fame, to be recovered by

aftion of debt3 bill, plaint or information in any of his Ma-

T 4	jefty’s



28o	Anno quinto GeoRGH II. C. if. [1732,

jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier, wherein no efioin, pro* Three months teblion or wager of law (hall be allowed \ and that the matter anc^ mar*ners °f any fuch (hip or veffel, wherein any fuch of-fuch'tranl? ^ ^ence fhaU he committed, knowing fuch offence, and witting* portation. ty and willingly aiding and attitting thereunto, and being thereof duly convibled in any fuch court of record as afore-faid, (hall be imprifoned for the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize.

C A P. XIII.

An aft for enlarging the term granted hy an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his ‘ late Majefiy King George the Firjl, for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parton in the county of Cumberland.

uGep	Tyl/HEREAS	by	an	aft of parliament faffed in the eleventh

V V year of the reign of his late Majefiy King George the Firjl, /*intituled, An a£ for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parton. in the county of Cumberland, a duty was laid upon all coals fhip-ped on board any jhip or veffel in the faid harbour, and divers other duties in the faid aft particularly mentioned tv ere granted for the term cf fifteen years, to commence from the firjl day of May one thousand j'even hundred and twenty-five \ by which faid aft the tru -Jlees therein named and thereby appointed and confiituted, and the truflees that Jhould then after be appointed and confiituted in purfu-ance of the faid aft, were impowered to borrow any fum not exceeding tivo thousand pounds, at an interefl not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, upon fecunty of the faid duties for rebuilding the faid pier and harbour: and whereas the faid truflees have borrowed the faid fum of two thousand pounds upon fecunty of the faid■ duties, and applied the fame to the rebuilding the faid pier, whereby, the harbour is cap Me of receiving fever a I fm all fhip s, and from which there is a frequent exportation of coals to Ireland, and other parts: and whereas, to make the faid harbour complete and capable of receiving more Jhips and of greater burthen, it will be neceffary to add feveral yards to the foot of the faid pier, and for cleanfing the faid harbour, and carrying away and keeping the fame clear offand, it will be neceffary to bring and caufe a fmall brook, called Morrefby Beck, running near to the faid harbour, to run into the fame\ all which cannot be done, unlefs the faid duties be continued for a longer, term, and the truflees impoivered to borrow a further fum upon the fecurity thereof: be it therefore enabled, &c.

Duties continued for 21 years after the expiration of the term before granted by 4 & 5 Ann. c. iS. Truflees appointed by 11 Geo. 1. c. 16. to execute this a£t, who may borrow the further fum of 2,5001. and af-(ign the dpties.

CAP.



x732*] Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 14,15.	2S1

CAP. XIV.

An aft for the better and more eafy rebuilding of the town 0/Tiverton in the county of Devon, and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down or demolifhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire there, and for the better preventing dangers from fire for the future.

WHEREAS the greatefi and principal part of the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon was burnt down and defrayed by a fudden and dreadful fire which happened on the fifth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-one, occafioned chiefly by the great number of thatched houfes and walls in the faid town : therefore for the better preventing of future damage by fire in the faid town, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it rnay be ena&ed, &c.

New built houfes to be covered with lead, flate or tyle. Perilous trades not to be exercifed in publick ftreets, nor flacks of hay, corn, See. erected. Guardians of the poor may make rates for buying file engines, mayor, juftice and burgeffes may order houfes to be pulled down to prevent the fpreading of fire. Rates to be made for fatisfa&ion to the owners. Truflees for determining differences. Definitive order of truflees to be final, Court to adjufl claims, all perfons to be bound thereby, they are alfo to order the width of the ftreets, Scc. Court may difpofe of houfes to be rebuilt on owners negleft in the time limited, and fummon a jury to afiefs the recompewfe, Decrees to be kept as records. The a£t fo far as relates to preventing dangers from fire fhall be perpetual j and. the remainder fhall continue 15 years from the 24th of June 1732, and to the end of the next fefiion.

CAP. XV.

An aft for rendring more effectual an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefly King George the Firft, intituled, An a£t for improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York.

WHEREAS the truflees appointed to put in execution the feveral powers and authorities given by an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefly King George the Firjh) intituled, An a£l for improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York, have proceeded to improve the faid navigation, and to that end have expended confiderable fums of money: and whereas the commiffioners appointed in and by the faid aft, m conjunction and with the concurrence of the faid truflees, have in purfuance thereof laid the fever al tolls or rates therein mentioned <on all goods> wares, merchandizes and other commodities, to the very extent of the power given them by the faid aft 3 but by, reafon of the great inequality and difproportion of the rates which the faid fever al goods, wares and merchandizes pay, the annual income arifwg therefrom is not fuff dent to effeft the improvement of the navigation of the faid river, and to anfwcr the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, tvhich would with more eafe

i3Geo.i.c.33.



*

Anno qiainto GeoRGII II. C. 16.	{1732.

and certainty be perfected, if the tolls or rates were more equally and proportionally laid upon the fevered goods, wares and merchandizes in the faid a51 mentioned, according to the refpeftive values, and if further powers were given to the faid truftees relating thereunto : be it therefore enadted, &c.

After 24 June 173a, the following duties to be paid* viz. All goods carried on the river Ouze above Wharfmouth (except manure or lime ufed in tillage) for every tun of wines, groceries, &c. 2 s. <$d. For every tun of cheefe, &c. 2s. #For every tun of oak, bark, corn, &c. 1 s. For every tun of allom, copperas, &c. 6 d. For every firkin or other velfel of butter 1 d. For every hundred of oyfters id. Goods to be entred befoie unladen. Mailer of velfels to give a copy of bill of lading. Bills of lading to be attelled on oath, on refufal the goods to be weighed at matter1* charge, Duties affignable for money borrowed. Not to leifen the former mortgage. Duties to be lelfened, after payment of money borrowed.

CAP. XVI.

An atH for the better and more eafy rebuilding of the town' of Blandford Forum in the county of Dorfet, and for determining differences touching houfes and buildings burnt down or demolifhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire there.

FORASMUCH as the greatefi part of the town 0/Bland-ford Forum in the county ofT)orfet, together with the church and Guildhall there, hath been burnt down by a fudden and dreadful fire which happened on Friday the fourth of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-one, and divers fuits and controverfies by reafon thereof are likely to arife ■ between the proprietors of lands there, tending (if not prevented) to their great vexation and damage , and the hindring the rebuilding of the faid town; therefore to remedy the fame, and alfo to promote the rebuilding of the faid town, be it enabled, &c.

Court For determining differences. Definitive order of the court to be final. Court may enlarge or abridge eftates in the premises. To appoint the form and order of buildings. Court may take or give ground from one to another, making fatisfattion to the owners. In cafe of difa-bility a jury to affefs damages. Owners refilling the jury's award, to be for ever barred. Court may difpofe of houfes to be rebuilt on owners neglect in the time limited, and fummon a jury to affefs recompenfe. Houfes to be covered with lead, (late or tyle ; not fo covered a common nufance, and alfo perilous trades. Decrees of the court to bind all parties, and be kept as records. Duration of the a<5tfor ten years.

CAP.



J732*] Anno qulnto Georgii II. c. 17.	283

CAP. XVII.

An att for the further application of the finking fund, by pay-* ing off one million of South-Sea ftock \ and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and orders, loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed.

Moft gracious Sovereigny

WE your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjecfts the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to have the publick debts and incumbrances leflened and difcharged, as faft as conveniently may be with regard to juftice and the publick faith, do moft humbly befeech your Ma-jefty that it may be enadted, and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as are or fhall be in the receipt of exchequer of the furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called The finking Fund, arifen or to arife at or from the	f	•

feaft of the nativity of faint John Baptift which fhall be in the afterMidfum-year of our lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two mer, 1732, to (after payment of or referving fufficient to pay fuch monies as be applied for have been directed by any former ad or ads of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall be iflued and applied to the of°South-Sea governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading ftock. to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the filhery, at the faid feaft day, and afterwards quarterly from time to time, as the fame (hall arife, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall on fuch quarter day or days be in the faid receipt of the exchequer, for or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the capital (lock or fum remaining due to the faid company in their own right, until the fame payments (hall in the whole amount to the fum of one million of pounds fterl-ing; and that as the faid payments of principal money (hall be from time to time made, a proportional part of their faid capital ftock, and of the annuities attending thereon, fhall alfo from time to time c$afe and determine for the benefit of the publick: but as it may fo happen, that on the faid feaft day of the nativity of faint John Baptift which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, there may not be fufficient money in the receipt of the exchequer arifen from the faid furpluffes to fatisfy and pay the faid intire fum of one million of pounds fterling, and the faid South-Sea company may defire then to receive the whole fum in one intire payment, in order to make one diftribution of the whole amongft all the proprietors of their faid capital ftock at one time, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That upon application being made by the faid company to the commiflioners of his

Majefty's



284

Treafury may borrow money at 4.1. per cent, on the i'aid fund to Supply de£. eiencies.

The money to be applied to the ufe of the proprietors.

by di region of a general court.

Claufe relating to thefub-governor, &c.

Anno qninto GeorGii II.' c. 17.	[1732,

Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and giving them notice of fuch their defire to have and receive the faid one million of pounds in one intire payment ten days at leaft before the faid feaft day, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer, by warrant under their hands to permit or fuflfer any per-fon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the receipt of his exchequer fo much money, as together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (hall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million of pounds, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, excefles and overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they (hall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an intereft for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum; and in fuch cale the money fo to be lent or advanced, fhall be iffued and paid to the faid company, together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, to compleat the payment of the faid entire fum of one million of pounds ; and the monies which from thenceforth fhall arife from the faid furpluffes, fhall quarterly be iffued and applied to difeharge and fatisfy fuch loans with the intereft thereof, in the due order and common courfe of the exchequer, in cafes of loans; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid South-Sea company fhall forthwith, upon the receipt of the faid fum of one million of pounds, or as foon after as convent ently may be, divide out and diftribute the fame, as near as conveniently may be done, amongft all the feveral proprietors of their .faid capital ftock, towards finking and difchargir>g fo much of their (hares or interefts in the faid capital ftock, by even and equal dividends amongft them all, in proportion to their refpec-tive (hares or interefts therein, or may pay and apply the faid fum of one million in Satisfaction and difeharge of one million of the principal money due upon the bonds of the faid company which remain undifeharged, in fuch manner and at fuch times as the faid company in a general court thereof fhall think fit to order and diredt: provided always, That in fuch cafe one million of the capital ftock of the faid company, together with the annuity attending thereon, be redeemed and difeharged for the benefit of the publick.

III.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid South-Sea company, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of any thing done in purfuance of this a61; nor fhall the fub-governor, deputy governor or any of the directors now or for the time being, after the payments hereby directed fhall take place, be deemed to be disqualified to continue fub-governpr, rfepyty governor Qr fiiredtors, if by

reafon



285

*732>] Anno quinfo Georgii II. c. 17.

reafon of fuch payments there (hall not remain, in their own refpedtive names or rights, fo much capital (lock of the faid company, as they were before required to have for the qualification of fuch fub-governor, deputy governor or director refpec-tively* fo as fuch fub-governor, deputy governor or diredlor refpe&ively, within three months after his being obliged (to receive any fum or fums of money in difcharge of any part of his (hare or intereft in the faid capital flock of the faid company, which will reduce his interefl or (hare therein under the fum required for fuch his qualification, do or (hall obtain, by purchafe or otherwife, fo much more capital flock of the faid company, to be transferred into his own name and right, as fhall compleat the fum neceflary for fuch his qualification.

IV.	And for the accommodation of fuch of the proprietors of the faid capital flock as fhall be obliged to receive fmall fums as dividends of their faid capital, in cafe fuch dividends fhall be agreed to be made, and for enabling them to replace the fame with the leaf! expence, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That in all and every cafe and cafes, where any proprietor or joint proprietors of any fhare or fhares in the faid capital flock Method of fhall, out of the faid fum of one million, be paid off a dividend transferring of capital on fuch their refpedtive fhares or interefls, which di-vidends fhall not amount to more than the fum of one hundred pounds, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company, their officers or fervants, and they are hereby required, at any time before the day to be appointed by the court of directors for fhutting up their transfer books, in order to the payment of the half year’s annuity to be due on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, to permit or fuflPer any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, being proprietors of the faid flock, to transfer to fuch proprietor or proprietors refpedtively, any fum or quantity of South-Sea capital flock, not exceeding the fum or fums fo divided out of capital, to him, her or them refpedlively, by writing in the transfer books of the faid company, without any of the flamps being imprefled thereon, which by any former ad! or adts of parliament are required in cafes of transfers, and without any fees or other charges to the faid company, or their officers, clerks or fervants for the fame, and alfo to permit and fuffer the transferrees, or fome other perfon or perfons on their behalf refpedtively, to accept the fame, and that fuch transfers without if amps (fubjedt to the reftridfions before mentioned) fhall be as good, valid and effedtual in law to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had been (lamped according to any former or other law or laws for that purpofe; and that no penalties or forfeitures inflidted by any fuch former law or laws, for or on account of making or permitting transfers of (lock without being firft (lamped, (hall be incurred by any perfon or perfons adting therein in purfuance of this ad! ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid South-Sea company, within the time

before

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

28 6. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 17.	[1732.

before mentioned, to fell and difpofe of, to any fuch of their proprietors, any parcels or quantities of that part of their capital flock as now remains in the faid company, or in any per-fon or perfons in truft for them, not diflributed amongft the reft of their adventurers, as (hall be neceffary or fufficient for th$ purpofes aforefaid and no more, at fuch price or prices as fhall be from time to time agreed on between the faid company and fuch proprietors, and to caufe the fame to be transferred ac-Transfers to cordingly, free from fuch (lamps, fees or other charges as afore-be without faid; any thing in any former or other a6l or ads of parliament itampsor fees. tQ t^e contrary notwithflanding.

V.	And. to the end, intent and purpose that all truft eflates or interefts in the faid capital flock of the South-Sta company, in cafe the faid fum of one million fhall be agreed to be distributed and divided as aforefaid, may be preferved and im-proved for the benefit of the perfons concerned therein, with the lead expence and inconvenience to them; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all and every cafes where, in Truft eftates pUrfuar[Ce of’this ad, any payments or dividends fhall be made to^ e pre erv- ^ ^ capital of any fuch flock as fhall be, veiled in any perfon or perfens in truft for other perfons, who have or claim diflind or different interefts therein, or for any other ends or purposes, for which the capital fum or flock ought to be preferved intire, fuch payments or dividends of the capital flock fhall not be paid pr applied as dividends of profit, annuity or filtered, but fhall remain in the hands of fuch truftees refpedively, till other-wife difpo fed of at interefl, and for that purpose it fhall and may be lawful to and for the truftee or truftees who fhall receive the fame, at his or their diferetion, to lay out or difpofe of the fame or any part thereof, in the purchafe of fo much other capital flock of the fame kind, as at the current market price of fuch flock, the monies received for fuch dividends fhall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchafe; which new purchafed flock fhall be transferred to fuch truflee or truftees, and a receipt or receipts fhall be given and figned by the perfon or perfons transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame; and in cafe fuch truftees refpedively, by writing in-dorfed on or annexed to fuch receipts, and figned and acknowledged before one of the mailers of the high court of chancery, fhall declare that the monies in the faid receipts were the produce of the faid dividends of the faid capital flock (which fign-ing or acknowledgment fuch matters in chancery are hereby required to accept or take) and each and every fuch matter (before whom the fame fhall be done) fhall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubfepbing his name thereto, for doing whereof fuch matter fhall be paid for each certificate one (hilling and no more, then and in every fuch cafe, the flock mentioned in fuch receipts fo to be transferred, fhall refpeeftively go and be deemed fubjedl and liable to the fame trulls, for the benefit of the fame performs, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft flock remaining in fuch truftees respectively



1732.|	Anno quinta GeqRGII II. c. 17*

will or ought to be fubjedl or liable to; and fuch truftees refpec-tively (hall from thenceforth be indemnified from any lofs, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the ex-pences of the faid truft eftates.

VI.	Provided always, That nothing in this a<5t contained fhall extend or, be conftrued to extend to reftrain or prohibit any fuch truftees from laying out or difpofing of any of the faid truft monies in any other purchafes or any other fecurities, publick or private, if they (hall fo think fit, in the fame manner and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves, as they might have done if this aeft had not been made,

VII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-forefaid. That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a<5t of this feftion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majefly certain duties upon malt, mutriy cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fer~ vice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted and continued, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a<ft, and all the in-tereft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be relerved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other atft of this feftion of parliament, intituled, An aftfor granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain for thefervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as fnall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a£t,and all the intereft,premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges- thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon other a<51 of this feftion of parliament, intituled. An aft for reviving the duties on fait for the time therein mentioned, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aeft, and all the intereft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and alfo the fum of one hundred twenty three thousand five hundred and eighty pounds two (hillings and five pence halfpenny, granted for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, and not applied for the fervice of that year, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes

herein

287

Not to hinder

the difpofing of truft monies in other fecurities.

Monies granted this feflion how to be applied.

Cap, i«

Cap. 5.

Cap. 6.



288

688,885b 7s. 5d. for naval Services.

jo,ooob for

Greenwich

Holpital.

86,091b T7S. 3d. for the ordnance*

Anno quinto Georgii II, c. 17,	[1732#

herein exprefled, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftridlions as are herein after prefcribed ; that is to fay,

VIII.	It is hereby enabled and declared, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred eighty eight thousand eight hundred and eighty five pounds feven (hillings and five pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vi&ualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary repairs of his  Majesty’s navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed.

IX.	And it is hereby further enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, for and towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in, the fervice of their country.

X.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eighty fix thousand and ninety one pounds feventeen (hillings and three pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed, and for defrayingthe extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for. land fervice not provided for by parliament.

XI.	And it is hereby likewife enabled, That out of all or any

adThalf-penny the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be for land iflued or applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding nine forces.	hundred	thirty	four thousand three hundred and eighty one

pounds feventeen (hillings and two pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices 653,2161. jos. herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum &c^n^reatS5 moneY not exceeding fix hundred fifty three thousand two Britain. hundred and fixteen pounds ten (hillings and one penny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand feven hundred and nine men, including commiflion and non-commiffion officers and invalids, for guards, garrifons and fix independent companies for the fervice of the highlands, and other his Majefty’s' land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty thousand two hundred and fourteen pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, for maintaining his Ma^ jeftv’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gi-hraltar, and for provifion for the garrifons at Annopolis Royal* Canfo, Placentia and Gibraltar3 for the year one thousand feven

hun-

934,381b 17s.

160,214b 45. 3 id. tor the plantations, &c.



i732 ]	Anno	quinto GeoRGH IL c. 17.	289

hundred and thirty two; and any fum or fums of money, not ^ gj ^ exceeding twenty live thousand three hundred and forty eight fo^Chelfea* pounds two (hillings, upon account for out-penfioners of CheJfea Hofpital. hofpital, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eleven thousand 11,258!. 10s. two hundred and fifty eight pounds ten (hillings and eight pence *fd-halfpenny, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and nary fervices ~ fervices incurred, and not provided for by parliament; and any 5g56ssl. 2s: fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty eight thousand fix for half-pay hundred and eighty eight pounds two (hillings, upon account of officers, half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be oblerved in the application of thefaid half-pay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money, not exceed- 2,962]. for wx-ing two thousand nine hundred and fixty two pounds, for pay-	"

ing of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his 0 s* •  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifh-ment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen) for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two; which faid fum of two thousand nine hundred and fixty two pounds (hall be iffued to fuch perfbn or perfons as • his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, diredt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers or their af-figns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts or other directions, and with and fubjedt to fuch conditions, qualifications, deductions or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty by fuch or the like warrant or warrants (hall be gracioufly pleafed, from time to time, to diredt or appoint; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty two thousand fix hundred ninety *2,694.1.7S.6d. four pounds feven (hillings and fix pence, to make good and ©f Denmark? compleat the Agio or difference of the lubfidies payable to the crown of Denmark, in purfuance of his late  Majesty’s declaration dated the fixteenth day of April one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven.

XII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any the 4T 346p ls>T(p aids or fupplies provided as. aforefaid, there (hall and may be if- 3 farthings for fued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty deficiencies of one thousand three hundred forty fix pounds one (hilling and one the general penny three farthings, for making good the deficiency of the un£i* fund commonly called The general fund, for raifing feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas onethoufand feven hundred and thirty one; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand IO)0ool. for pounds, towards the maintenance of the Britijh forts and fet- forts of the A-tiements belonging to the Royal African company of England, on fncan com-the coail of Africa; and the fum of fourteen thousand pounds, pany*

to be applied and paid to Sir Thomas Lombe as a-reward and re- 34,001. for Sir

\r vt-xt-t	tt	1. Lombe.

Vol, XVI,	U	com-



Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 17.	[1732

tottipience to him for the eminent fervice he has done this nation in difcovering, with the greateft hazard and difficulty, the art of making and working the three capital Italian engines erefted by him at Derby for making organzine filk, and introducing and bringing the fame to full perfection in this kingdom at his own great expence.

The monies to XIII. And be it enacted. That the laid aids or fupplies, probe applied on- vided as aforefaid, (hall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, inly as the aft tent or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes ^irefts. before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments, direcfted to be Satisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other aft or afts of this prefect (effion of parliament.

Rules to be ob-	XIV. And as to the faid fum of fifty eight thousand fix hun-

ferved in ap- dred and eighty eight pounds and two (hillings, by this acft application of	propriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby en-

haU-pay.	afted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules

herein after prefcribed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay, that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of lixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did aftual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ec-clefiatlical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwifo intitied to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftabli(lament of halfpay in Great Britain.

XV. And whereas by an all of parliament made in the fourth 4 Geo. 1. c. 9. year of hi: Majesty s reign, intituled, An aft for raifing one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned ; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and orders loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed, feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Ma/efty, as is therein menticned, were appropriated to feveral ujes and purpofes therein expreffied, amongf which any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fixty one thousand one hundred fifty eight pounds fifteen /hillings and ten pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefifs land forces and marines, [ubjell never-thelejs to fuch-rules to -be obferved in the application of the faid half-

' -	Pay>



1732.j Anrtoiqurrtto(jEoRGfitIf. C.tJ.	tyt

fay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were prefcribed in that behalf:

now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared' by the authority overplus of

aforefaid, That fo much of the laid fum of fixty one thoufand'monies allow-

one hundred fifty eight pounds fifteen {hillings and ten pence, ed to educed

as is or ffiall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced °o ^difpo^ed

officers, according to the faid rules by the faid ad prefcribed to 0f to officers

be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch over- widows, &c.

plus, fhall or may be difpofed'of to fuch officers who are maimed

or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as by reafon

of their long fervice' or otherwife his Majesty fhall judge to be

proper objects of charity, or to the widows' or children of fuch

officers, according to fuch warrant or Warrants under his Maje-

fty’s royal fign manual, as-fhall be figned in that behalf; any

thing in this'ad, or the faid former ad, tc the contrary notvvith-

ftanding.

XVI. And whereas feveral bids'commonly called Exchequer Bills,	-

and fever al tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, and alfo fevetal orders and' certificates made forth, not only in lien of the faid lottery-tickets, but hkewife for annuities of divers' kinds payable at or near the receipt of his Majefif s exchequer, have by caftcalty or mifchance been toft, burnt or otherwife deflroyed, which exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders, and other orders of the refpeftive denominations aforefaid, were made, forth by and in pur fiance of fever al aids of parliament in that behalf: be it therefore enaded by Exchequer the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where it fhall appear bills, lottery by affidavit to be made before any of the barons of the exche- tickets, Sec. quer for the time being, who ffiall interrogate the deponent ^°rdeftr°y-thereupon, to the fatisfadion of fuch baron or barons, that any * fuch exchequer bills or any fuch tickets, certificates, annuity 011 oath before orders or other orders as aforefaid, before the twenty eighth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, have been ^	*

or are loft, burnt or otherwife deftroved, or that there be good reafon to believe the fame have been burnt^ loft or otherwife destroyed, it (hall and may be lawful for the refpedive officers and perfons appointed to iffue or make forth fuch exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, annuity orders or other orders, or to pay dr difcharge the fame, otto iftue any monies due or payable thereon, upon producing a certificate from any of the faid barons , of fuch affidavit made before him (which affidavit the faid barons cate^ * * or any of them is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and on fecurity given to the faid refpedive officers and perfons to their good liking, to indemnify them re-fpedively againft all other perfons whatsoever, for or concerning the monies fpecified in or due upon fuch refpedive bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, they the faid perfons and officers refpe6tively‘fhall and are hereby required to make forth duplicates of the faid bills, tickets, certificate's and orders at the requeft of the refpedive owners, and to to	as

pay and difcharge the fame, and tfll' fuch intereft as is or ffiall if the original* be due 0ft any of them carrying' ‘intereft', as he or they fhould were pro-

'U 2	hayedu^

Duplicates to be iigned.

Anno qumto Georgii II. c. 18*	[	173

have paid or dlfcharged on the faid original bills, tickets,, certificates, annuity orders or other orders, if the fame had been produced, and fhall be allowed all fuch payments in their refpedtive accounts.

XVII.	And in all cafes where the figning of the commiffion-ers of his  Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, is neceffary for making the faid duplicates or any of them effectual for the purpofes aforefaid, it is hereby further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to fign fuch duplicates accordingly.

CAP. XVIII.

An a£l for the further qualification of jufiices of the peace.

iSGeo.z. C.20. \K7 HERE AS the conftituting perfons of mean efiates to be jufli-VV ces of the peace may be highly prejudicial to the publick wel-jfare, be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-No perfons to bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the have^notSiool° twentY	°I	March	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and thir-

a^ear'clearof ty t^ree n0 perfon fhall be capable of being a juftice of the peace, incumbran- or to adt as a juftice of the peace for any county within that part ces,	'	of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, who

fhall not have an eftate of freehold or copyhold to and for his own ufe and benefit, in poffeffion, for life, or-for fome greater eftate, either in law or equity, or an eftate for years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a certain term originally created for one and twenty years, or more, in lands, tenements or hereditaments lying in that part of Great Britain, called England, or principality of Wales, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, over and above what will fatisfy and dif-charge all incumbrances that may affedt the fame.

Attornies, II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That folicitors and no attorney, folicitor or prodtor in any court whatsoever fhall, ca°adtated fr°m and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand 1	*	feven	hundred and thirty three, be capable to continue or be a

juftice of the peace within any county for that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, during fucli time as he fhall continue in the bufinefs and pradlice of an attorney, folicitor or prodtor.

Perfons adting III. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, as juthces not That if any perfon, who fhall not be qualified according to the fortek 100It0 ^iredtions this adt, fhall after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty three accept of take upon himfelf the office of a juftice of the peace, or fhall do any adt as fuch, the perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds ; one moiety whereof fhall be to,the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as

will



17,^0	Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 18.	293

will fue for the fame by a6tion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJhrimJler, in which no effoign, protection, wager of law or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

IV.	Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Not t0 extend tained, fhall not extend or be con trued to extend to any city or to cities which ..town, being a county of itfelf, or to any other city, town, cinque are counties, port or liberty having juftices of the peace within their refpec- ^v/^^uftices tive limits and precincts by charter, commiffion or otherwife; by^harter, but that in every fuch city, town, liberty and place fuch perfons

may be capable to be juftices of the peace, and in fuch manner only as they might have been, if this act had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, That nothing in this act contained (hall nor to the

extend to incapacitate any peer or lord of parliament, or the elc3eft f°ns of jl	j	i	1	#	y	peers or or

eldeft fon or heir apparent of any peer or lord of parliament, or kn}ghts 0f

of any perfon qualified to ferve as knight of a (hire by an act, (hires,

intituled, An a£l to fecure the freedom of parliaments by the further 9 Ann. c. 5.

qualifying members to fit in the houfe of commons, to be a juftice of

the peace for any county, or to act as fuch; any thing herein

contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

’ VI. Provided alfo, That nothing in this act contained fhall nor to the

extend or be conftrued to extend to incapacitate or .exclude the board of green

officers of the board of green cloth from being juftices of the cipL officers1'

peace within the verge of his  Majesty’s palaces, or to incapaci- 0f the navy,

tate or exclude the commiftioners and principal officers of the

navy, or the two under fecretaries in each of the offices of prin^

cipal fecretary of ftate, from being juftices of the peace in and

for fuch maritime counties and places where they ufually have

been juftices of the peace ; any thing herein contained to the

contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, That this a61, nor any thing herein nor to heads contained, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any of the heads of colleges or halls in either of the two univerfities of univ"'r' Oxford and Cambridge, but that they may be made juftices of the 7Ge0. 2,c.io, peace of and in the feveral counties of Oxford, Berks and Cam- ft 3. bridge, and the cities and towns within the fame, and execute the office thereof as fully and freely in all refpedts, as heretofore they have lawfully ufed to execute the fame, as if this had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwitftanding,

U3	CAP.



Annoqu-into Georgu II. c. jg? [iJZ**-C A P. XIX,

An act to oblige the juftices pf the peace at their general or quarter fefftons to determine appeals made to them accord-ing to the merits of the cafe, notwithftanding defers of form in the original proceedings •, and to oblige perfans [uing forth writs of Certiorari to remove orders made on Juch appeals into his Mqjefiy's court of ling's bench, to give fecurity to profecute the fame with ejfcft. ,

WHEREAS in many cafes where his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace by law .are impowered to. give or make judgments or orders* great expences have been occafoiled by reafoil that fuch judgments or orders have, on appeals to the juftices of the peace at their 7 .	refpeftipe	general or quarter fejftous, been quafbed or ftet aftde upon

exceptions or objections to the form or forms of the proceedings* with-out hearing or examining the truth and merits of the matter in, quejlion between the parties concerned: therefore to prevent ti?e lame for the future, may it pleafe your mpft excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and b.e it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this pr.efent par-After 24. June Uament aftembled, and by the authority pf the fame, That after 1732, juftices the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty twp, upon aJl appeals to be made tp the juftices pf the form 011 a	Peace at their refpe&iv.e general pr quarter fe (lions to be hoJden

peals,011	for any county, riding/ city, liberty or preeineft, within that

part of Great Britain called England-, again ft judgments or orders given or made by any juftices of the peace as aforefaid, fpeh juftices fo aftembl.ed at any general or quarter feftions (haft and they are hereby required from time tp time, within their refpec-tive jurifdidions, upon all and every fpeh appeals fo made to them, to caufe any defeat or defers pf fprrn that (hall be found, in any fuch original judgments or orders, to be rectified and amended without any coft or charge to the parties concerned, and after fuch amendment made IhaJl proceed to hear, examine and may pro- and cqnfider the truth ,apd merits pf all matters epneerning fuch ceed to deter- original judgments or orders, and likeyvife tp examine all wit-mine them, neifes upon oath, and hear all other proofs relating thereto, and to make fuch determinations thereupon as by law they fhould or ought to have done, in cafe there had not been fuch defeft or want of form in the original proceeding; any law, ufage or cuftom tp the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And whereas divers zvrits of Certiorari have been procured to remove fuch judgments or orders into his  Majesty’s court of king’s bench at Weftminfter, in hopes thereby to difeourage and weary out the parties concerned in fuch judgments or orders by great delays and No Certiorari expences: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That to he allowed no Certiorari (hall be allowed to remove any fuch judgment or X'°[ticcsordcrs order, unlefs the party or partifs profecuting fuch Certiorari* ^ r	before



Anno quinto Georgii IT. C. 2o.	295

before the allowance thereof, fhall enter into a recognizance without a re-with fufficient fureties before one or more juftices of the peace c°^»zance of of the county or place, or before the juftices at their general ^te to quarter-fe[lions or general feffions where fuch judgment or order (hall have been given or made, or before any one of his Ma-jefty’s juftices of the faid court of king's bench, in the fum of fifty pounds, with condition to profecute the fame at his or their own cofts and charges.with effect, without any wilful or affected delay, and to pay the party or parties, in whofe favour and for whofe benefit fuch judgment or order was given or made, within one month after the laid judgment or order [hall be confirmed, their full cofts and charges, to be taxed according to the courfe of the court where fuch judgments or orders (ball be confirmed; and in cafe the party or parties profecuting fuch °n ref^l °f Certiorari fhall not enter into fuch recognizance, or [hall notjufttceTmpro-perform the conditions aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for Ceed. the faid juftices to proceed and make fuch further order or-orders for the benefit of the party or parties for whom fuch judgment fhall be given, in fuch manner as if no Certiorari had been granted.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Recognizan-faid, That the recognizance and recognizances to be taken as ^ .be cer“ aforefaid [hall be certified into the court of king's bench at king's'bench^ Wejlmnjler, and there filed with the Certiorari and order, or judgment removed thereby; and if the faid order or judgment [hall be confirmed by the faid court, the perfons intitled to fuch cofts for the recovery thereof, within ten days after demand made of the perfon or perfons who ought to pay the faid cofts, upon oath made of the making fuch demand and refiifa] of payment thereof, fhall have an attachment granted againft him or Attachment them by the faid court for fuch contempt, and the faid recogni- *or contempt, #ance fo given, upon the allowing of fuch Certiorari fhall not be discharged, until the cofts fhall be paid, and the order fo confirmed [hall be complied with and obeyed.

CAP. XX.

dn aft for the better regulation and government of pilots licenfed by the corporation 0/Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, and to prevent mifchiefs and annoyances upon the river ^ Thames below London Bridge.

W" HERE AS the wafer, wardens and affiants of the guild, fraternity or brotherhood of the mofl glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the parif) of Deptford Strond hi the county of Kent, have for above two hundred years laf paf been a corporation, and by long ufage and by virtue of divers letters patent granted to them by the croton, been authorized and impowered to appoint pilots, loadfncn or guides to conduit flips and vcffcls out of the rivers of Thames and Medway through the North Chanel to or by Orfordnefsj and round the Long Sand-head into the Downs,

U 4	an	d

2g 6

Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 20.	[ 1732;

and from and by Orfordnefs up the North Chanel and the rivers of Thames and Medway, and alfo to make fueh orders and con-flitutions as Jbould be neceffary for the ivholfome government, maintenance and increafe of navigation, and of all feafaring men coming or being within the 'river of Thames, and in purfuance of fuch powers and by ancient ufage have, from time to time, appointed a competent number of pilots for the purpofes before -mentioned, and made orders, from time to time, for the better regulation and government of the fame, and alfo for preventing mifchiefs, damages and annoyance$ upon the faid river; but divers perfons, without examination, licence or authority by. or from the faid corporation, have taken upon themfelves to aft as pilots or loadfmen, and to conduft and guide Jhips and vejfels to and from the fevcral places afore faid, to the great hazard of fuch Jhips and vejfels and their cargoes, and the lives of the perfons■ on board the fame, and to the obftruftion of navigation wiihin the faid . limits, and the prejudice of lawful and licenjed pilots, who attend wholly on that fervice, and on ivbich their livelihood chiefly depends: and whereas great Ioffes by fire may happen to merchants and owners of /hips, occafioned by powder being taken in and remaining on board while Jhips lie in the river of Thames, and by heating of pitch, tar, rofin, greafe, taljozv, oil and other combufiible matters and things on board Jhips and other veffels lying in the faid river: and whereas by the keeping guns Jhotted on board Jhips- lying in the faid river, and by firing guns in the night-time, not only the Jhips lying in the- faid river, but alfo his Majejiy s docks and yards, and the tower and city of London, and the lives of divers perfons, may be greatly endangered : and whereas the powers and authorities vejled in the faid corporation are found not fufficient or ejfeftual to remedy arid prevent the mij'chiefs and ill praftices before-mentioned: therefore for promoting and fecuring a more fafe navigation for fhips and veffels in the river of Thames, and for the more effectual preventing and remedying the dangers, mifchiefs and annoyances upon the faid river below London Bridge, be it enacted by the King’s moffc excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent par-After 24 June 1 lament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, Th^t from 1732, none to and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord the Thames0” one thousand feven hnndred and thirty two, if any perfon fhall &c. without* ta^e llPon Himfelf the charge of any fhip or veffel as pilot down, licence. the river of Thames, or through the North Chanel to or by Orfordnefs, or round the Long Sand-head into the Downs, or down the South Chattel into the Dawns, or from or by Orfordnefs up the North Chanel, or the river of Thames, or the river Medway, other than fuch perfon as {half be Jicenfed and authorized to a61 as a pilot by the faid matter wardens and affiftants for the time being, under the common feal of the corporation, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi6ted before any two or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the city of London, or the counties oi Middlefex, EJJex, Kent or Surrey, or any of them, within their refpe6tive jurifdidtions, in manner herein after mentioned, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of

twenty

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

*i732’] Anno qninto Georgii II. C.20.

z97

twenty pounds: provided, That nothing in this aft contained Penaltyaol. fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the obliging of any mafter or owner of any fhip in the coal trade, or other coafting oco iers> c* trade, to imploy or make ufe of any pilot.

II.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- gUnpow-faid, That no mafter or commander of any (hip or other veflel der to be put whatsoever outward bound, fhall receive, or caufe or permit to 011 board a-be received on board any fuch fhip or veflel any gunpowder, B ac** either as merchandize, or as ftore or ammunition for the voyage

(except for his  Majesty’s fervice) before fuch fhip or veflel fhall be at, or over-againft, or below Blackwall^ upon pain of forfeit^ ing for every fifty pounds weight of gunpowder to be fo (hipped or received on board fuch fhip or veflel the fum of five Penalty, pounds, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- gbips corni'ng laid. That the mafter or commander of every fhip or veftel into the coming into the river Thames fhall land and put on fhore, or Thames to caufe to be landed and put on fhore, all the powder on board land,the*rf fuch fhip or veflel, either before the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel Arrival* at*

at Blackwall, or within twenty four hours, in cafe the weather Blackwall. fhall permit, after fuch fhip or veflel fhall come to an anchor there, or at the place of her unloading, upon pain of forfeiting penalty, the fum of five pounds for every fifty pounds weight of gunpowder found on board, and in the like proportion for a greater or lefler quantity ; and if any gunpowder fhall be found on board any fuch fhip or veflel above Blackwall, after the time hereby limited for unloading the fame, the mafter orcommander of every fuch fhip or veflel fhall, for every fifty pounds weight of gunpowder fo found on board, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- No fl^n ~ung laid. That if any mafter or commander, or other officer of any to be fired be-fhip or veflel (except his  Majesty’s (hips) fhall, while fuch fhip tween London or veflel fhall lie or be in the river of Thames between London ^ckwalfaf Bridge and Blackwall, keep any gun or guns of and belonging ter feeing 0f to fuch fhip or veflel (hotted or loaded with ball, or fhall fire or the fun. 6 difcharge, or caufe or permit to be fired or difcharged, any gun

or guns on board fuch fhip or veflel lying above Blackwall, before fun rifing or after fun fetting, fuch mafter, commander or officer fhall for every fuch gun fo kept fhotted or loaded forfeit the fum of five (hillings; and for every gun fo fired or dif- ena charged the fum of ten (hillings : and alfo, That if any mafter, No pitch, tar, commander or other officer of any fhip or veflel, or any other &c: perfon on board the fame fhall, while fuch fhip or veflel fhall board fuch lie or be in the river of Thames between London Bridge and vefTels. Blackwall, heat or melt, or caufe or permit to be heated or melted by fire, logger heat, (hot or any other thing, on board any fuch fhip or veflel, any pitch, tar, rofln, greafe, tallow, oil or

V. And

Hosted by

Google

29^	Anno quinto Gegrgii II. c. 20.	[1732*.

V.	And for the better difcovery of the offenders againft this aft, and bringing them to condign punifhnoent, and af-certaining and recovering the penalties hereby indited and directed to be levied, it is hereby further enafted by the autho-Corporation rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the to appoint a faid mafter, wardens and affiftants for the time being, by in-perjontoin- ftrument or inftruments under their common feal, to authorize fpecl veflels j appoint any elder brother of the faid corporation to go in a boat between the fun rifing and fun fetting to any fhip of veffel, and to enter and go on board the fame (his  Majesty’s fhips always exceptel) in order to fearch for powder, guns fhotted, and the heating and melting fuch combuftfole matters as aforementioned, within the limits wherein fuch offences are refpeftively by this aft prohibited ; and if the mafter, conv mander or other officer in any fuch fhip or veffel (hall, upon demand in that behalf made, refufe to permit, or (hall not permit any perfon or perfons fo authorized and appointed for the refpeftive fervices as aforefaid, to enter into and come on board fuch fhip cr veffel, and make a due and proper fearch and examination for the purpofes aforefaid, every fuch mailer. Penalty on ob- commander or other officer (hall for every fuch offence forfeit (h ufting him. the fum of five pounds.

Penalties to be	VI. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-

applied to the faid. That all the pecuniary forfeitures and penalties arifing u|e®fthePoor and impofed by this aft fhall be paid, difpofed of and applied ration.C°rP°" f°r ^ie benefit of the poor of the faid corporation.

Two 'uftices VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the au-of London &c. thority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for two or more juftices of the peace in the city of London, or any of the four counties abovermentioned, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, not being members of the faid corporation, to ■' r ■'	hear and determine any of the offences againft this aft; and

,	fuch juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required,

. upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf within ten days after any fuch offence committed, to fum-fnon the party or parties accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, or after oath made of the commiffion of any of the fafts above-mentioned, by one or more credible witnefs or may iffue war- witneffes, to iffue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the rants againft party offending in the faid city of London, or any of the coun-offenders, ties within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, or upon the river of Thames within any of the limits above mentioned, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing (upon the proof of notice given) to proceed to the examination of the witnefs or witneffes on oath (which oath they are hereby authorized, impowered and required to adminifter) and give judg- and to give judgment or fentence accordingly; and where the meiK.	party accufed fhall be convifted of fuch offence, either by the

view of the faid juftices or any of them, or upon fuch infor-, jnation as aforefaid, or on confeffion of the party accufed, to award and iffue warrants for the levying any pecuniary penalties



1732.] Anno quinto Georgii IL c. 20.	299

ties fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within five days, rendring to the party the overplus, if any there be, and where goods of fuch offenders cannot be found, to commit fuch offender to prifim, there to remain for the (pace of three months, or until fuch pecuniary penalty or penalties (hall be paid; and if any perfon or perfons (hall find himfelf or themfelyes aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied in the judgment of the faid juffices, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may by virtue of this aft complain or appeal to the juftices Appeal t® of the peace at the next quarter-fcfiions, for the county, city auarter-lef-or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, who are *lons* hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in cafe of conviction to iffue warrants for levying or compelling, by fuch means as aforefaid, the payment of the faid penalties.

VIIJ. And it is hereby further enafted, That all and every pilots to be the pilot and pilots already admitted and appointed, or here- fubjeft to the after to be admitted and appointed by the faid corporation, corporation, fhall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be fubjeftt to the regujatipn and government of the laid corporation ; provided fuch regulations do not relate to the pilots keeping of turns, or to the fettling the rates of pilotage; and fhall pay the ancient and accuftomed dues, provided the fame do not exceed and pay the one (hilling in the pound, out of their refpeftive wages, loadf- antient dues, manage or pilotage, which they (hall refpeftively receive, for the ufe and benefit of the poor of the faid corporation, within ten days after the fervice of fuch pilots refpeftively fhall be £nded, unto fuch perfon or perfons as by the corporation (hall, from time to time, be appointed to receive the fame.

IX.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Pilots mifbe-That in cafe any fuch pilot or pilots (hall refufe to take the charge or conduft: of any of his  Majesty’s (hips, when appoint- caihieredf 6 ed thereto by order of the faid corporation, or that it (hall appear to the corporation, that fuch pilot or pilots (hall have mi (behaved themfelves in the conduct of any (hip or (hips, or in the execution of any ether part of their duty as pilots, or if fuch pilot or pilots (hall refufe to obey any fummons of the faid corporation requiring their appearance, or to obey fuch orders as the faid corporation (hall make in the premiffes, or in any wife offend againft. this aft, then the general court of the faid corporation, upon examination thereof, are hereby authorized and required to recall the warrant or warrants granted to fuch pilot or pilots, and to declare the fame to be from thenceforth utterly void; and if any fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall (after fuch declaration and notice there-' of given by the clerk of the faid corporation to him or them in perfon, or left at his or their ufual place of abode) aft as a pilot within the limits afore mentioned, he or they (hall be fub-jeft to all the penalties inflifted on perfons afting as unlicenfec} fenahyonaft pilots by this aft, to be levied in manner aforefaid.	ing after-

Anno quinto Georgii II. C.20.	[1732.

X.	And whereas by the frequently laying up and mooring of Jhips and other veffels in the mouth and other parts of Saint Saviours dock in the county 0/* Surrey, great quantities of foil and mud have fettled, and lodged there, which obflrufis the pajfmg and repaffng of Penalty on Jhips and veffels in and out of the faid dock\ for remedy whereof, mooring ihips be it enafted by the authorky aforefaid, That in cafe any fhip DockSaVi°UrS°r ve^"e*	from	^nd after ^ie twenty-fourth day of June

one thousand feven hundred and thirty-two, be laid up or moored in the mouth or any part of the faid dock (except fuch fhips or veffels as (hall be loading or taking in orajnload-ing or delivering their cargoes refpeftively, and alfo except fuch fhips or veflels, not exceeding two in number at anyone . time, as fhall lie at the yard called Shipivright Yard, at the north-weft corner of the faid dock, during the time fuch fhips and veffels fhall be repairing and no longer) the mafter or owner of every fuch fhip or veffel' fo laid up or moored, fhall forfeit and pay for every day fuch fhip or veffel fhall fo continue to be laid up and moored (unlefs for 'the purpofes a-forefaid) the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered, applied and difpofed of in fuch manner and for fuch purposes, as the other pecuniary penalties inflifted by this aft are direfted to be recovered and applied.

Wot to extend XI. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained to the Trinity fhall be conftrued to extend to the taking away, abridging, Houfe of Hull defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any grants, liberties, or Newcaltle. franchifes and privileges heretofore granted to or which by any antient ufage and cuftom have from time to time been enjoyed and ufed by the pilots of the Trinity Houfe of the town of Kingf on upon Hull, or thsffrinity Houfe of Newcafle upon Tyne.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That this aft or any thing therein contained fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to the taking away, leffening, abridging, prejudicing or impeaching any of the grants, liberties, franchifes, powers, authorities or immunities, nor to leffen or take away the foie right and privilege of piloting all merchant fhips and veffels from or by Dover, Deal, and the Dover Deal *	Thanet, up the rivers Thames and Medway, granted,

Thanet, ex-* given and allowed to the fociety and fellowfhip of the mafter, cepted. warden and pilots of the Trinity Houfe of Dover, Deal and the ifte of Thanet, by an a61 of parliament made the third year of 3Geo.i. c.ij.his late Majesty King George, intituled, An act for the better regulating of pilots for the conducing of flips and veffels from Dover, Deal and the if e of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway, which faid aft, together with a’daufe contained in an aft of the feventh year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, in-7Geo.i.ftat.i. tituled, An aft for the further preventing his Majesty s fubjefls, c. 21.	from trading to the Eaft-Indies under foreign commiffions, and for

encouraging and further Je cur ing the lawful trade thereto, and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal and the ife of Thanet, was further confirmed and continued by an aft or the tenth

yea?

*732-] Anno qulnto GeoRGII II. C.20#	301

year of his faid late Majesty, intituled, An aft for continuing ioGeo.i. c.17. afts for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England, and for better regulating of pilots^ and for regulating the djfize of breads and for better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, all which grants, liberties, franchifes, powers, authorities and immunities as before expreffed, and the faid foie right and privilege of pilotage as aforefaid, are hereby declared and enacted to remain wholly untouched, and to continue in as full force and virtue to them the faid mafter, wardens and pilots of Dover, Deal and the ifle of Thanet, as if this prefent a61 had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared. That Publick aft. this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, of

which all judges, juftices and other perfons are to take notice; and if any fuit or adion (hall be brought or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done or to be done in pur-fuance of this ad, that in every fuch cafe the adion or fuit fhall be commenced within three months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the Limitation of county, city or place where the caufe of adion arifes, and not a<^lons* elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iffue, not guilty, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county, city or place, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit-ed, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her or their adion or adions, or if a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and Not to preju-declared by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad dice London, contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice or

take away any right, property or jurifdidion of the mayor, or of the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, to, in and upon the river of Thames aforefaid.

XV.	Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein con-nar lord higk tained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to abridge, admiral, prejudice or derogate from any right, authority or jurifdidion belonging to the office of lord high admiral ; but that the fame

(hall be and continue in the fame (late and condition as before the making of this ad,

CAP,



Anno quititoGeorgii II e.it. [1732;

CAP. XXI:

An additional aCl for the encouragement of the woolen manufactures- of this kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful exportation of the woolen manufactures of the kingdom of Ireland to foreign parts.

10&11W.3. \I/HEREAS by an a Cl made in the tenth and eleventh years c-10*	TV of the reign of King William the Thirds intituled, An ad:

to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England, certain Jhip'S and /loops are directed to cruize on the coafts of England and Ireland, particularly between the north ^ Ireland and Scotland, with orders to take and feize all /hips, veffels and boats, which Jhall export any wool, with intent to. carry it into foreign parts, but the commanders of fuel? fbips md fioops- art not thereby authorized to feize fhips % veffels and boats, which Jhall export any woolen manufactures front \	Ireland into foreign parts, the exportation whereof is neverthehfs

. prohibited by law, and are difcouraged by other reJiriCtions in the Jaid aCf from putting the fame in execution; therefore, to render the faid act more effectual, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and' confent of the lords fpirituaf and temporal and the commons in this prefent parlia-Adrniralty to ment aflbmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fi!?v Uanti'1'ee ^01C* admiral of Great Britain, or commiffioners for exe-r \f\n armed cudng the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the fioops, to time being, fliall from time to time diredf and appoint three cruize on the fhips of the fixth rate, and eight or more armed fioops, con-B°i^Sin a^d.eat ®antty to cru*ze on the coads of Great Britain and Ireland, in I-rekmd an fuch Rations as the faid lord' high admiral, or commiffioners for the time.being, fhall affign to fuch fhips and fioops refpecd-ively, with orders for taking, and feizing all fhips, veffels and to feize veffels boats, in which any worded, bay or woolen yarn, cloth, ferg-hm mamUac" es’ bays, kerfeys, fays,, frizes, druggets, cloth ferges, fhal-tures011 board. ^oons or any other drapery duffs or woolen manufactures what-foeyer, made up or mixed with wool or wool-flocks, (hall be exported or laden in order to be exported from Ireland into foreign parts; and that the faid lord high admiral, or the faid Lids of fhips commiffioners for the time being, fhall fend' a lid of fuch fhips and (loops to and fioops, and the names of the commanders thereof, toge-be fent ro the t]ier true copies of the feveral- inftruCtions to them given, within. ten days after the date of the laid orders, to his Ma-jefty’s commiffioners for the management of the cudoms in Great Britain, and to the commiffioners of his Majedy’s revenue in IreiamE

Commanders IL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it of /hips and fhall and maybe lawful to ind for the commander of every-doops may fuch fliip and (loop in any port, creek dr' road,' or in the opert earci veffels, within the limits of the ftation which {hall be affigned to fuch fliip or floop as aforefaid, to enter and fearch or caufe to 2	be

I732*I Anno quinto Georgii II. C. n:	303

be entered and fearched, any (hip, veffel or boat; and if upon fuch fearch any of the faid prohibited commodities (hall be and on finding found therein, and the mafter or commander of fuch (hip,the&°ods veffel or boat, (hall not immediately produce to the command-pro lblted> er of fuch (hip or (loop a lawful cocket or warrant, Iicenfing the exportation or transportation thereof, to take and feize fuch carr crew (hip, veffel or boat, and to carry the fame, together with the-and cargo crew and cargo thereof, into any port In Great Britain or into port. Ireland.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, shjp$ an(j That every fuch (hip, veffel or boat fo taken and feized, with all goods forfeit-her guns, tackle, furniture and apparel, and all the faid prohi- ed,

bited commodities which (hall be found therein, (hall be forfeited, and the faid prohibited commodities (hall be lodged in the King’s warehoufe in fuch port into which fuch (hip, veffel or boat (hall be carried as aforefaid, until it (hall be condemned according to law, and being fo condemned, fhall be expofed after condem-publickly to fale, after one and twenty days publick notice there- nation to be of in writing, being affixed upon the cuftom-houfe of the faid fold publickly port, by inch of candle, to the laft and bed: bidder; and that e- notice. ^$ very fuch (hip, veffel or boat, and all the guns, tackle, furniture and apparel thereof, fhall after condemnation thereof be expofed to fale inlikemanner; and that one fourth partof the produce of Diftribution fuch fale or Tales (hall be to the commander of the (hip or (loop, of forfeiture?, that (hall make fuch feizure as aforefaid, one other fourth part to the other officers of fuch (hip or (loop, one other fourth part to the mariners thereof, to be equally dihributed to the faid mariners by the chief officer of the cuftoms in the faid port, or by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be authorized to make fuch fale or fales as aforefaid, and the other fourth part thereof to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, after a deduction made out of the laft fourth part for all the charges of profecution and condemnation : provided always, That if fuch feizure fhall be made up- Informers in-on the information of any perfon or perfons, fuch informer or demmfied, informers (hall not only be indemnified from the pains, penalties and forfeitures, to which exporters of the faid prohibited Commodities, their aiders and abetters are liable, but (hall alfo and to have a receive one fifth part of the produce of fuch fale or fales, and fifth part ot the refidue thereof fhall be divided into four equal parts, and di- tbe ^ale* ftributed in fuch manner as is herein before directed.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Qeneraufl*rte That if any aftion (hall be commenced againft any perfon for ^

what he (hall do in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fppeial matter in evidence -9 and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue the aftion, or if a verdift (hall pafs againft him, or judgment be given againft him upon a demurrer, the defendant fhall recover treble cofts.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no perfon or perfons p f . . fhall be admitted to claim property in any feizure that (hall be fiiares^irT* made upon any claufe in this or any aft of parliament for pre- feizures to

venting give fecurity



. 304

to anfwerthe penalties. .

Claufe in 111 ix W. 3. c. 13. repealed.

Not to make void the penalties of for mer acts on exportation of wool.

Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 22.	[1732,/

venting the unlawful exportation of woollen goods from Ireland* till he or they fhall firft have given fufficient fecurity by recognizance entered into before one of the commiffloners of the revenue in Ireland, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer in England* to anfwer the penalties attending the forfeiture thereof.

V I. And whereas by a claufe in an all made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Thirds intituled. An act for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the act, intituled, An act to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England, it is enabled and declared, That neither the faid all made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, nor any thing therein contained, Jhall be conflrued to extend to fubjeCl any perfon or perfons, or any floip or vejfel, to any ■ of the pains, penalties and forfeitures, in the faid all contained, for or touching fuch woolfells, floor lings or mortlings, as Jhall be neceffary for the ufe of the gunner or b oatfwait?s ft ores, for the Jhip or vejfel only, and as for Jo muck cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth ferges, Jhalloons or other drapery Jluffs, or other manufactures, as Jhall be for the proper ufe for clothes only of any mariner or paffen-ger, for his or her wearing apparel or furniture, on board fuch Jhip in the voyageand Jhall not exceed in the whole, for any one mariner or pajfenger, the value of forty fhillings: and whereas under pretence of the exemption in the faid claufe contained, great quantities of wool-fells, floor lings and mortlings, and of cloth, ferge, bays, fays, kerfeys, frizes, druggets, cloth ferges, Jhalloons or other drapery Jluffs, or other manufactures, have been exported from Ireland into foreign parts, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid claufe* fhall from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thou-fand feven hundred and thirty two, be and is hereby repealed.

VII.	Provided always, That this act or any thing therein contained (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to difannul ■ or make void any other penalties or forfeitures inflicted by any former law, upon the exportation of wool and woollen manufactures, or to alter or repeal any claufe therein contained, which is not hereby altered or repealed ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An aCl to prevent the exportation of hats out of any of hi? Majeflfs colonies or plantations in America and to refrain the number of apprentices taken by the hat-makers in tfoe faid colonies or plantations, and for the better encouraging the making hats in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the art and myf cry of making hats in Great Britain hath arrived to great perfection, and confiderable quantities of hats manufactured in this kingdom have heretofore been exported to his Majeflfs plantations or colonics in America* who have• '

been



1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c• 22.	305

been ivbolly fupplied ivith hats from Great Britain ; and whereas great quantities of hats have of late years been made, and the faid ma * nufaBure is daily increafng in the Britifh plantations in America, and is from thence exported to foreign markets, which were heretofore fupplied from Great Britain, and the hat-makers in the faid plantations take many apprentices for very fmall terms, to the difeourage-ment of the faid trade, and debaftng the faid manufacture: wherefore for preventing the faid ill practices for the future, and for promoting and encouraging the trade of making hats in Great Britain, he it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, no hats or felts whatsoever, dyed or ^fter 2 Sept undyed, finifhed or unfinifhed, fhall be fhipt, loaden or put on 1732) nohats^ board any (hip or veffel in any place or parts within any of the or felts to be Britiflo plantations, upon any pretence whatsoever, by any per- tranfported foil or perfons whatsoever, and alfo that no hats or felts, either p^iTtations. dyed or undyed, finifhed or unfinifhed, fhall be loaden upon any horfe, cart or other carriage, to the intent or purpose to be exported, tranfported, (hipped off, carried or conveyed Out of any of the faid Britiflo plantations to any other of the Britifb planta-, tions, or to any other place whatsoever, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the offender and offenders, offence and offences a-

gainft this act, (hall be fubject and liable to the penalties and for- pjatsor fejts feitures herein after mentioned, that is to fay, The faid hats or fotranfported, felts dyed or undyed, finifhed or unfinifhed, fo exported, tranf- forfeited, ported, (hipped off, carried, conveyed or loaden contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, fhall be forfeited, and that every of the offender and offenders therein fhall likewife forfeit and 5001. and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, for every fuch offence committed ; and every matter, mariner, porter, carter, waggoner, boatman, or other perfon whatsoever knowing fuch offence, and wittingly aiding and afiifting therein, fhall forfeit and penaity on af„ pay the fum of forty pounds; which faid feveral penalties and lifting 401. forfeitures fhall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or in fuch of the faid plantations wherein fuch offence fhall be committed (in which fuit no elfoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed) and fhall go and be applied, one moiety to the ufe of his Ma-jeffy, his heirs and fuccelfors, and the other moiety to him, her or them, that fhall fue for the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Prohibited That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per- l™ts and felts fons to feize, take, fecure and convey to his Majetty’s next ware- to

houfe all fuch hats and felts dyed or undyed, finifhed or un-	King's	°

finifhed, as he or they fhall happen to fee, find, know or dif- warehoufe.

Vol. XVI.	X	cover

Seizers indemnified.

Anno quinto Georgii II. C.	[1732.

cover to be laid on board in any fhip, veffel or boat, or to be brought, carried or laid on (bore, at or near the fea, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the faid plantations, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t, or to be laden upon any horfe, cart or other carriage to the intent or purpose to be exported, conveyed or carried into any other of the faid plantations, or into any other part or place whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; and that fuch perfon or perfons, that (hall happen fo to feize, take or fecure any of the commodities aforefaid, fhall be indemnified for fo doing to all intents and purpofes.

IV.	And to the intent and purpose that this at1 may more effectually be put in execution, for preventing the growing mifchiefs that daily do or may arife to this kingdom, from the exportation of fuch goods as aforefaid, or any of them, out of the Britifh plantations^Jhould the fame fill be fuffered to be fent from thence to fupply other planta-cU‘ tions and foreign markets, that are or have been fupply ed from Great permitting Britain : be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That entries of fuch if any commiffioner or commiffioners, or other officer or of-hata or felts, ficers of the cuftoms of any port or place within the Britijh plantations, or any farmer or farmers of the revenue of the cuftoms arifing in the plantations, or any officer or officers imployed in the management of the faid revenue, {hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, take or fuffer to be taken any entry outward, or fignany cocket, warrantorfufferancefor thefhippingor exporting any hats or felts dyed or undyed, finifhed or unfinifhed, or fhall wittingly and willingly permit, contrive or fuffer the fame to be done, dire&ly or indireftly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, farmer or farmers, officer or officers fo figning fuch cocquet, warrant or fufferance, or paffing fuch entry for the fame, or any wife conniving thereat, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, fhall for every fuch offence or neglect, forfeit his office, and fhall moreover for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner and form as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every offence committed againft this a6t fhall and may be inquired of, tried, heard and determined, in the county where any fuch goods fhall be fo laden or put on board as aforefaid, or elfe in the county or place either in Great Britain or the plantations where fuch offender fhall happen to be apprehended or arrefted for fuch offence, or where any of the goods aforefaid fhall happen to be feized, taken or brought in ; and that the faid trial fhall be in fuch manner and form, and in fuch effect to all intents and purpofes as if the fame offence had been wholly done and Committed in the fame county or place where the fame fhall be tried by virtue and in purfuance of this a6t.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That

forfeit office, and 5001.

Offences where to be tried.

General iilue.



1732.] Anno quinto GeoRGII II. C. 22;	307

That if any adion, bill, plaint or information, (hall be com^ menced or profecuted againft any perfon for what he fhall do in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon fo fued fhall and may file common bail or enter into a common appearance, and plead the general iffue, not guilty, and, upon ifiue joined, may give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become nonfuit, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdid pafs againft him, or if upon demurrer judgment pafs againft him, the defendant fhall recover treble cofis, and damages.

VII.	And it is hereby further engded by the authority afore-laid, That no perfon redding in any of his  Majesty’s plantations

in America fhall, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of but fuch as September one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, make or have ferved an caufe to be made, any felt or hat of or with any wool or fluff apprentice-whatfoever, unlefs he fhall have firfl ferved as an apprentice in thereto, the trade or art of felt-making during the fpace of feven years at the leall; neither fhall any felt-maker or hat-maker in any of the faid plantations imploy, retain or fet to work, in the faid art or trade, any perfon as a journeyman or hired fervant, other than fuch as fhall have lawfully ferved an apprenticefhip in the faid trade for the fpace of feven years ; nor fhall any felt-maker or hat-maker in any of the faid plantations have, take or keep above the number of two apprentices at one time, or take any onf^t" apprentice for any lefs term than feven years, upon pain to for- onetime!& feit and pay the fum of five pounds for every month that he fhall continue offending in the premiffes contrary to the true meaning of this ad, of which one moiety fhall go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for the fame by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be commenced, brought or profecuted in any court in the faid plantations, wherein no effoin, protedion or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, penalty on That no perfon or perfons inhabiting in the faid plantations, imploying from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thou- negroes, fand feven hundred and thirty two, fhall retain or fet on work,

in the faid art of hat or felt making, any black or negro, upon pain to forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for every month wherein fuch perfon or perfons fhall fo offend, contrary to the meaning of this ad; and to be recovered and applied in manner, and to the ufes aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained fhall Sons may extend to charge any perfon or perfons lawfully exercifing the work in their faid art, with any penalty or forfeiture for fetting or ufing his or fathershoufes. their own fon or fons to the making or working hats or felts in

his or their own houfe or houfes, fo as every fuch fon or fon« be bound by indenture of apprenticefhip, for the term of feven years at the lea-ft, which term fhall not be to expire before he

X 2	fhall



Anno quinto GeoRGH II. c. 23.	[l731*

{hall be of the full age of twenty one years; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority afore-faid, That every felt-maker refiding in the faid plantations, who at the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament was a maker or worker of hats or felts, and being an houfholder, and like-wife all fuch as were at the beginning of this prefent feffion apprentices, covenant fervants, or journeymen in the fame art or my fiery of felt-making fo as fuch apprentices ferve or make up their refpe&ive apprenticefhips, fhall and may continue and ex-ercife the trade or art of making hats and felts in the faid plantations, although the fame perfons were not bound apprentices to the fame art for the term of feven years; any thing in this a6t to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That this prefent a61 fhall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be a public a61, of which all judges and juflices are to take notice without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for making void the fever al contra fts for fale of the eftate of James late earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, efquire, and alfo of the annuity of two hundred founds during the life of Charles Radcliffe, and the arrears thereof, to Matthew White, efquire, and the feveral conveyances made in purfuance of the fame.

Recital of fe- \X7 ^F R E A S by indentures of leafe and releafe, the leafe hearing veral convey- ' V V date the day next before the day of the date of the releafe, and ances.	the releafe being quadripartite, bearing date the tiventy fourth day of

March, Anno Domini one thousand fx hundred and ninety one, and made between the right honourable Francis late earl of Derwentwater, of the fir ft part, the right honourable Edward Radcliffe, efquire, by the name of Edward lord vifcount Radcliffe and Langley, eldeft fon and heir apparent to the faid earl, of the fecond part, the honourable Francis Radcliffe, Thomas Radcliffe, William Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe, efquires, younger fons of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, of the third part, and Sir John Lawfon, baronet, ^/Francis Tunftall, efquire, of the fourth part, all that the manor and lordfbip of Alftone alias Aldflone Moore and Garrigill, and all and every the rights, members and appurtenances thereunto belongings fituate, lying and being in the county of Cumberland, and all thofe meffuages, lands and tenements fituate, lying and being in Corbridge in the county of Northumberland, and all thofe two parts, the whole in three parts to be divided, of the manor and lordjhip ^Newton-Hall in the faid county ^/'Northumberland, zvith the appurtenances, and all float meffiiage or tenement, with the appurtenances, called Shewing Sheels, lying in the county tf/'Northumberland aforefaid, and all that tenement or farm-holdy with the appurtenances, called Blackaburne, lying in the faid comity cf Northumberland, and all thofe mejjuages, lands and tenements,

zvith

30s

Exceptions touching hou (holders and journeymen.

Pubiick a<5L



3®9

1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. C. 23.

with the appurtenances, fituate lying and being in Alnwick in the fold county of Northumberland, and all that moiety or one halfpart of the village or townfoip of Bu tel and, lying and being in the parijl) of Chollerton and county of Northumberland aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belongings and alfo the moiety of one tenement or farmholds with the appurtenances, called Broomeup, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging, and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farm holds with the appurtenances, called The Steel, and the lands and grounds thereunto belongings and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farm-holds with the appurtenances, called Hindhaugh, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaids and all the lands and grounds thereunto belongings and alfo the moiety or one half-part of a tenement or farm-holds with the appurtenances s called The Fellin, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaids and all the lands and grounds thereunto belongings and alfo the moiety or one half-part of a tenement, or farm-holds with the appurtenancess called Stidley Hill, lying and being in the parifio of Coffenfyde in the county aforefaids and all the lands and grounds thereunto belongings and all thofe meJfuageSs lands and tenementsy fituates lying and being in Leehoufes, Spittle, New-Bigging, Wooley, Eaft Whitleys, Welt Whitleys, Lefsbury, Kirke Whelpington, one ivater corn mills called Wooley Mill, allfituate, lying and being in the faid county of Northumberland, and all thofe reftories and parfonages of Kirke Whelpington, Harburne alias Hartburne and Mid ford, lying and being in the faid county of Northumberland, and all glebe lands, tythesy oblations, obventionSs profits and hereditaments whatsoever to the faid feveral rettories and parfonages belongings or any wife appertaining, and alfo thofe the corn tythes of Broxfield, Lurbittle and Whinnetly, with their and every of their appurtenances ,fituate, lying and being in the faid county ^ Northumberland, were for the confiderations in the faid recited indenture quadripartite mentioneds fettled^ limited and affured to the life of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater for his lifes ivithout impeachment of wajhs and after his deaths an& Subject to a truft for raifing five thoujand pounds for the right honourable the lady Mary Radcliffe, daughter of the faid earl of Derwentwater, and to the feveral annuities of Jive hundred pounds, four hundred pounds, two hundred pounds, and three hundred pounds, payable to Francis Radcliffe, Thomas Radcliffe, William Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe, the four younger fins of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, for their rejpeflive livesy to the ufe of the faid Edward lord vifcount Radcliffe and Langley for his lifes without impeachment of ivafles remainder to the honourable James Radcliffe, efquiresfor his lifes without impeachment of' ivafles remainder to his firji and other fins in tail male fuccejfivelys remainder to the honourable Francis Radcliffe, efquires feccnd Jon of the faid Edward lord vifcount Radcliffe and Langley, for his life, without impeachment of Wafie^ remainder to the firji and other fons of the lajl named Francis Radcliffe in tail male fuccejfivelys remainder to the thirds fourths fifths fixthsfivenths eighths ninth and tenth font of the faid Edward lord

X 3	vifcount

Anno quinto Georgii II. C. 53.	[1732.

vlfcount Radcliffe and Langley in tail wale fucceffively, remainder to the faid Francis Radcliffe, fecond[on of the [aid Francis earl of Derwentwater, for his life, without impeachment of wafie, remainder to his fir ft and other fin and fins in tail male fucceffively, remainder to the f aid Thomas Radclifffc for his life, without impeachment of wafie, and after his death to his fir ft and other [on and fins in tail male fucceffively, remainder to the faid William Radcliffe for his life, without impeachment of wafie, remainder to his firfi and other fins in tail male fucceffively, remainder to the faid- Arthur Rad-el iffe,_/tfr his life, without impeachment of wafie, remainder to his firfi and other fins in tail male fucceffively , remainder to the heirs of 'the body of the faid Francis earl 0/Derwentwater, remainder to the right heirs of t he fame Francis earl 0/Derwentwater for ever: and whereas the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater is long fince dead, and upon his death the find Edward called vifeomt Radcliffe, and Langley, his fin and heir, became earl of Derwentwater, and the faid Edward is afi long fince dead, and upon his death, the faid James Radcliffe his fin and heir, became earl of Derwentwater: and whereas by indentures of leaf and releafi, the leaf bearing date the day next before the day of the date of the releafi, and the releafe being fextipartite bearing date the twenty fourth day of Jdne, Anno Domini one thousand [even 'hundred and twelve, and made between ~ James late earl of Derwentwater, of the firfi part. Sir John Webbe, baronet, and the honourable dame Barbara his wife, and Anna Maria Webbe, eldeft daughter of the faid Sir John Webbe, of the fecond part, the right honourable Other earl ^Plymouth and the right honourable Richard earl of Scarborough, of the third part, the right honourable Thomas lord vifeount Faulconberge and John Radcliffe of London, do ft or in phyfick, of the fourth part, the right honourable William lord Widdrington and Neville Rid-ley, gentleman, of the fifth part, and the honourable Francis Radcliffe and Charles Radcliffe, efquires, brothers of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, of the fixth part, in confideration of a marriage then intended, and which foon after took cffeftt, and was filemni%$d between the faid James earl ^Derwentwater and Anna Maria Webbe, and for other confutations in the faid indenture of fix parts mentioned, all that the barony, manor or hrdjbip of Langley, with the rights, members and appurtenances thereof, in the county fl/'Northumberland, and all andfingular meffiuages,farms, lands, tenements and hereditaments whatsoever, part and parcel, or reputed part and parcel of the faid barony or lordjkip ^Langley, or as part, parcel or member thereof, demifed, letten, ufied, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their appurtenances, and alfi all thofe the manors of Wittingftall, alias Quittingftall and Newland, Dilfton alias Develfton, Aydon, Shields, Warke, Elrington and Mel-don, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members and appurtenances, in the faid county ^/'Northumberland, and alfi all and fingular meffuages, granges, farms, lands, tenements ahd hereditaments whatsoever, part and parcel, or reputed part and parcel of the faid manors, every or any of them, or as part, parcel or member of them, or any of them, demifed, letten, ufid, occupied or enjoyed.



1732,] Anno quinto Georgii II. c.23;

and every of them,with their appurtenances, and all th ofe the manors or reputed manors of Spindlefton and Utchefter, Throckley, Coaftley, Middleton Hall, Eaft Thornton alias Thornton, Eaft Weftwood and Thornborough, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members and appurtenances in the -faid county ^/'Northumberland, and alfo all and fingular meffuages, granges,farms, lands, meadows, pa [lures, feedings, tenements and hereditaments whatsoever, part and parcel, or reputed part or parcel of the faid lajl mentioned manors or reputed manors, every or any of them, or as part, parcel or member of them or any of them, demfedy letten, ufed, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their appurtenances, all and fmgular which faid barony, manors or reputed■ manors, meffuages, granges, farms, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premiffes before mentioned, are fituate, lying and being in Langley, Wittingftall alias Quittingftall, Newlands, Dilfton alias Develfton, Aydon, Shields, Warke, Elrington, Meldon, Spindlefton, Utchefter, Throckley, Coaftley, Middleton Hall, Thorntoh, Eaft Weftwood, Thornborough, Nether Warden, Haydon Bridge, Bywel Saint Andrew, Bywel Saint Peter, Cor-brigge, Newton Hall, Hexham, Symondburne, Haltwhiftle alias Holtwhiftle, Kirkhaugh, Knarefdale, Witfield, Balam, Balm-brough, Newbourne, Wooller, Ovingham and Staley, fome or one of them, or fome other town or towns thereto adjoining, in the faid county 4/Northumberland, and alfo all that the advowfon of the church of Symondburne with the appurtenances in the faid county of Northumberland, and alfo all thofe the manors or reputed manors of Caftlerigg and Derwentwater alias Kefwick and Thornthwaite, with their and every of their rights, members and appurtenances in the county of Cumberland, and alfo all and fingular meffuages, granges, farms, lands, meadows, pafures,feedings, woods, underwoods, tenements and hereditaments whatsoever, part and parcel, or reputed part and parcel of the faid laf mentioned manors of Caftlerigg and Derwentwater alias Kefwick and Thornthwaite, or any part of them, or as part, parcel or member of them, or any of them, demifed, letten, ufed, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them ivith their appurtenances, which faid manor and premiffes laft mentioned are lying and being in Crafhthwaite and Kefwick, or one of them, or fome other town or towns thereto next adjoining in the faid county of Cumberland, and afo all that the manor ^/Scremerfton, ivith the rights, members and appurtenances in the county palatine of Durham, and alfo all and fingular meffuages, granges, farms, lands, tenements and hereditaments ivhatfoever, to the faid laft mentioned manor belonging or appertaining, or thereof reputed part or parcel, or thereivith demifed, ufed, letten or enjoyed, and every of them, with their appurtenances, which faid manor and premiffes laft mentioned are fituate, lying and being in Scremerfton, Holy Ifland, Auncroft alias Aun-craft, Tweedmouth, Norham^i Lowick, or fome or one of them, or fome other town or towns thereunto next adjoining within the faid county palatine of Durham, and afo all and fingular other the meffuages, granges, farms, lands, meadows, pafures, feedings, woods, underwoods, tenements and hereditaments whatsoever, late the eftate

X 4	Gf



Anno quinto Georgii II. C. 23.	[1732.

of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, or whereof he was Jeifed of any efiate of inheritance in pofiefion, reverfion, remainder or expectancy, fituate, lying and being within the faid feveral barony, manors, towns, villages, territories or hamlets of Langley, Witting-' ftall alias Quittingftall, Newlands, Dilfton otherwifi Develfton, Aydon, Shields, Warke, Elrington, Meldon, Spindelfton, Utchefter, Throckley, Coaftley, Middleton Hall, Thornton, Eaft Weft wood and Thornbrough, every or any of them in the faid county 0/Northumberland, or of Caftlerigg, Derwentwater, Thornthwaite and Kefwick, Crafthwaite and Kefwick, or every or any of them in the faid county of Cumberland, or of Scremer-fton in the [aid county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appurtenances, zvere fettled, limited and offered to take effect after the folemmzation of the faid intended marriage, and fubjeCl to a term of ninety nine years limited of part of the premiffes, which is fmee determined, to the life of the faid James earl of Derwentwater for life, without impeachment of wafte, and after his death, andfub~ jeCt to a rent-charge of one thousand pounds thereby limited to the faid A nna Maria for her life, for her jointure, and after her death, and fubjeCl to a term of tivo hundred years, which is fince determined, to the ufe of the firft, fecond, third, and all and every other the fin and fins of the faid James late earl a/Derwentwater, on the body of the faid Anna Maria in tail male Jucceffively; remainder to the trufiees therein named for a term of five hundred years, in trufi for raifing twenty thousand pounds for the portion and portions of the daughter and daughters of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater by the faid Anna Maria, in cafe of failure of iffiue male between them, to be paid at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and with fuch maintenance, as is therein mentioned; and after the determination of the faid term of five hundred years, to the ufe of the faid James late earl ef Derwentwater, and the heirs male of his body, remainder to Francis Radcliffe, brother of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater fir life, and after his death, to his firfi and other fins in tale male fucceffively, remainder to Charles Radcliffe, yoitngefi brother of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater for his life, remainder to the faid Other earl of Plymouth and Thomas lord Faulconberge, and their heirs, during the life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, in trufi to prefirve the contingent remainders, remainder to the firfi and other Jons of the Jaid Charles Radcliffe in tail male fuccejfively, remainder to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, his heirs and afigns for ever: and ivhereas by deed poll under the hand and feal of the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, bearing date the twenty fourth day of June one thousand fix hundred and ninety nine, the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, in purfuance of a power given and referved to him, in and by a fittlement made on his marriage with the lady Mary Tuder, did grant, limit and appoint an annuity or yearly rent-charge of two hundred pounds, unto and for the benefit of his youngefl fon Charles Radcliffe, during his life, payable half-yearly, and charged upon and ijfuing out of divers manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments in the comty of Northumberland, therein par-■ ticularly defiribed as part of the premiffes herein before mentioned -

2	and

1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 23.	313

and whereas the faid Edward earl.of Derwentwater left ijfue three fonSy videlicet, James late earl of Derwentwater, the faid Francis Radcliffe, and Charles Radcliffe, who was horn after the firjl recited fettlement: and whereas the faid Francis Radcliffe, the fecond fon of the jaid Edward earl of Derwentwater, and the faid Francis Radcliffe and Thomas Radcliffe, two of the younger fons of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, all died without ijfue, in the life-time of the faid James earl ^Derwentwater: and zvhereas Attainder of the Jaid James late earl of Derwentwater was attainted of high James earl of treafon after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hun - Derwent-dred and fifteen, and before the twenty fourth day of June one thou- water* fand feven hundred and eighteen, that is to fay, on or about the ninth day of February one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, and on the twenty fourth of the fame February was executed\ and the faid Anna Maria his wife, late countefs of Derwentwater, died on or about the nineteenth day of Auguft one thousand feven hundred and tvjenty three, and the faid James late earl of Derwentwater left ijfue by the faid Anna Maria one fon named John, atzd one daughter named Anna Maria: and whereas the faid Arthur Radcliffe died Attainder of zvithout ijfue fince the faid attainder: and whereas the faid Charles C. Radclilfe. Radcliffe was alfo attainted of high treafon after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred andfifteen, and before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufandfeven hundred and eighteen, that is tofay, on the eighteenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fixteen: and whereas by virtue of an aft made in the firjl year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firjl, intituledy iGeo.i.ftat.2. An ad for appointing commissioners to enquire of the eftatesof c. 50. certain traitors, and of popilh recufants, and of eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money out of them feverally for the ufe of the publick, all and every the cafilesy honours, lord-JhipSy manorSy meJfuageSy lands, tenements, rents y reverfiionSy ferviceSy remainders, pojfeffionsy royalties, franchifes, jurifdiftions and privileges whatfoevery with their and every of their appurtejiancesy and all rights of entry, rights of a ft ion y titleSy conditionSy ufesy trufisy powers and authoritiesy and all Icafes for lifcy lives or yearSy penfionsy annuities, rents charges and hereditaments whatfocvery and all debtsy fpecialtiesy goods and chattels of what nature or hind focvery whereof any p erf on or perfons (zuho Jince the twenty fourth day of June one one thousand feven hundred and fifteeny had been attaintedy or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand /'even hundred and eighteen fbould be attainted for high treafon committed before the fir (I day of Jun cone thousand feven hundred and fixteen y within Great Britain or elfewhere) wasy were or jhould be foifed or pojfejfed ofy or interefied z>/, or intitled toy on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred a?id fifteeny or at any time afterwards, in hisy her or their own right, or to hisy her or their own ufey or whereof .any other petfon or perfons ivasy were or Jhould have been feijed or pojfejfed ofy or inter efied />/, to the ufe of or in truji for themy or any of themy on the faid tzventy fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifteeny or at any time afterwards were vejled in his then Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, for the ufe of the publicky

and



3H

4Geo. i. c. 8.

Truftees.

Four tniftees impowered to aft.

Anno quinto GeoRGII II. c. 23.	[1732.“

and to the intent that the fame,	the profits and proceed thereof

jbould be difpofed and applied to the ufe and benefit of the publick, and in eafe of his Majeftf s good fubjetfs, according to fitch ah and alls of parliament as Jhould thereafter be made and pajfed in that behalf: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of his faid late Majefly, intituled, An a61 for veiling the forfeited eftates in Great Britain and Ireland in truftees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick, and for giving relief to lawful creditors by determining the claims, and for the more effe&ual bringing into the refpe&ive exchequers the rents and profits of the faid eftates till fold, all the cajiles, honours, lordjhips, manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, fervices, remainders, pojjejfions, royalties, francbifes, jurifdiftiotis and privileges whatfo-and all appurtenances to them or any of them belonging, or in any wife appertaining, <77^ all rights of entry, rigA/j ^ allion, titles, conditions, ufes, trujls, poivers and authorities,	all leafes for life,

lives or years, pen [tons, annuities*	charges and hereditaments

whatfoever, and all debts and fecurities for debts, goods, chattels and perfonal eflates whaffoever, not difpofed of according to the dire If ions of the faid recited aft, in Great Britain, Ireland, elfewhere, which by the [aid recited all were vejled, or intended to be vejled in his faid late Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors as aforefaid, for the ufe of the publick, were vejled and fettled in Richard Grantham, <?/^ George Treby, efquire, Arthur Ingram, efquire, George Gregory, efquire, Sir Richard Steel, knight. Sir Henry Hoghton,

•baronet, Patrick Haldane, efquire, Sir Thomas Hales, baronet, Robert Monro,efquire, Henry Cunningham,efquire, Denis Bond, efquire, John Birch, ferjeant at law, and Sir John Eyles, baronet, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and affigns, to the end the fame might be bargained, fold, difpofed of and applied by the faid irujlees and the furvivors of them, to and for the ufes therein mentioned; and from and after the. twenty fifth day of March one thoitfand fe-ven hundred and eighteen, the faid commijfioners and trufiees, or any four of them refilling in England, Scotland or Ireland refpeftively, were thereby enabled and required to fell all and fingular the efiates and inter efts vefted in them as aforej'aid, and every or any part or parcel thereof, according to the directions of the faid lafl recited all, to any perfon or per Jons, being protefiants, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs, fuccejfors, executors, adminifirators or affigns [other than the faid commijfioners and trufiees, or their ojficers refpeftively, or any other or others in trujl for them, or any o[ them) who Jbould become pur chafer or pur chafers thereof, for fuch eft ate and inter eft therein refpeftively, as was therein before vefted in the faid commijfioners and trufiees \ and in order thereunto the faid commijfioners and trufiees, or any four or more of them refiding in England, Scotland ^.Ireland refpe[lively, Jhould caufe publick notice to be given by the /pace of fifteen days at the leaf, of the time and place when and where they Jhould intend to begin to expofe to Jale any *part or parcel of fuch premiffes, and at fuch appointed time 'jhould expofe the fame to fate, in fuch parts or proportions as they fioould think convenient, beginning or Jetting up the fame at fuch price as the faid commijfioners and trufiees, or any



3l5

1732.] Antic qmnto Georgia II. c.23.

four or more of them reftding in England^ Scotland or Ireland re-

fpeClively, Jhould think and every perfton or perfons who JhouldL thereupon bid moft for the ftamey over and above the price fo to be jet thereon as aforefaid, Jhould be deemed and reputed to be the purchafer or pur chafers thereof\ and the faid commijftoners and trujlees, or any four or more of them ref ding in England, Scotland or Ireland re-ftpeCtively, Jhould immediately upon every fuch fale or contract caufe an entry to be made in their books of all and every the particular ejlates fo fold and contracted for, and what efate and inter eft they Jhould fell therein, and of the buyers names and places of abode, and the prices agreed upon\ and for the further fatisfaction of fuch buyers or con-tractors, if they Jhould infift thereupon, the faid commiJJioners, and trujlees^ or any four or more of them reftding in England, Scotland or Ireland refpeCtivelyy Jhould give a note in ivriting under their hands and feals unto the feveral buyers refpeClivelyy exprejftng the particulars by them bought, and for what eftate or intereft therein, and the price or confideration thereof \ and the time of fuch fale or contracts and thereupon every fuch buyer or buyers Jhould pay the price agreed upon into the receipt of his Majesty s exchequer, at fuch time as the faid commijftoners and trufteeSy or any four or more of them reftding in England, Scotland or Ireland refpeClively Jhould appoint; and they or any four or more of them refiding in England, Scotland or Ireland refpeClivelyy being certified of the payment thereof Jhould execute an indenture or contract of bargain and fale of the parcels fo bought and poid for as aforeftaidy to every fuch buyer or buyers thereof for fuch eftate or intereft therein, as the faid commijftoners and trujlees y or any four or more of them reftding in England, Scotland or Ireland re-ftp e Clive ly Jhould have contracted to fell the fame: and ivhereas by an aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, inti- 9 Geo. i.c. ig; tilled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies, and for relief of William late lord Widdring-10n, and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom, and for afeertaining the duties on bound books imported, and for ifluing certificates and debentures-for arrears due to five regiments to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned, and for difeharging the duties of rock fait loft on the rivers Weaver and Mercy^ and for limiting the times of continuance of com-miffipners for forfeited eftates in England and Scotland, and for appropriating the fupplies granted to his Majesty in this felTion of parliament, and to redlify mifnomers and omiftions of com-.mifiloners for the land tax in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, it was enaCtedy That the forfeited eftates in England, by any former aCt of parliament vejled in the faid commijftoners and trujleesy which Jhould remain unftoldy from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty threey Jhould be divejled out of the faid commijftoners and, trujlees and vejled in the King’s majesty, his heirs and JiicceJJbrSy for the life of the publick: and whereas by indenture bearing date the twenty eighth day of September Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, and made or mentioned to be made between the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cunnings

ham.



Contrail with W. Smith.

Anno quinto Geokgii II. c.23.	[1732,

ham, Denis Bond, John Birch and Sir John Eyles commijfioners and trujlees nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities relating to the forfeited efates in England and Ireland, enacted by the two afts of parliament herein firji mentioned of the one part, and William Smith of Billeter Square London* efquire, of the other part, reciting the marriage fettlement of 'the Jaid James late earl of Derwentwater, and that the ejlate for life fo limited as aforefajdy to the faid Charles Radcliffe, of and in all and fingular the faid premijfes mentioned in the faid recited fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June one thousand fevert hundred and twelve, in remainder after the death of the faid John Radcliffe without ijfue male of his body, zuas vefled in the faid commijfioners and trujlees for the ufes in the faid afts mentioned; and that the reverftott in fee of the fame premijfes, fo limited to the right heirs of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, was alfo vejled in the faid com-mijfoners and trujlees for the fame ufes, the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cunningham, Denis Bond, John Birch and Sir John Eyles, purfuant to the faid aft of parliament of the fourth year of his faid late Majefy, and in execution of thb trujl thereby in them repofed, and of the powers and authorities to them, or any four or more of them thereby given, and for and in confideration of one thousand and fixty pounds, for which the faid William Smith contrafted with the faid commijfioners and truftees for the pur chafe of all and fingular the premijfes, during the life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, without impeachment of wafe, and for and during fo long as the faid Charles Radcliffe Jhould have ijfue male of his body, in remainder expeftant on the death of the faid John Radcliffe xvithout ijfue male, and alfo the reverfon in fee of and in the faid premijfes, limited to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, did bargain and fell all and fingular the faid barony, manors^ lordjhips, reftorieSy parfonages, minesy collieries, mejfuagesy lands, tenementSy hereditaments and'premijfes comprized in the faid indenture of releafey bearing date the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twelve, and every part and parcel thereof \ with their and every of their appurtenances, unto the faid William Smith (whom the faid commijjioners and trufees did declare and confirm the pur chafer thereof he having bid mofi for the fame on the publick fale by cant or auftion had for that purpofe, according to the laji mentioned aft of parliament) and his heirs, to hold to hiniy his heirs and ajfigns (in cafe the faid John Radcliffe Jhould happen to die without heirs male of his body begotten') for and during the natural life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, without impeachment of wafiey and for and during fo long as the faid Charles Radcliffe Jhould have heirs male of his body lawfully to be begotten y and on failure of ijfue male of the faid Charles Radcliffe, to hold the fame premijfes unto the faid William Smith, his heirs and ajfignsy to the vfe of hiiiiy his heirs and ajfigns for ever: and whereas by another indenture bearing date the faid twenty eighth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty threey and made between the fame commijfioners and trujlees of the one party and the faid William Smith of the other party reciting the fettlement of the twenty fourth



1732.] Anno quinto GEORGli II. c. 23,	317

day of March one thousand fix hundred and ninety one, and that by the attainder of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, and the aft of parliament afore mentioned, the reverfion in fee of all the pre-tnijjes, in the faid Jettlement comprized, was vefied in the f aid com-mijfioners and trujlees, and by the attainder of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the faid add of parliament, the remainder in tail limited to him in the fame premiffes, expeClant on the death of the faid John Radcliffe, without ijfue male of his body, was alfo vefied in the faid commiffioners and trufiees, the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cunningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, in execution of the powers and authorities afore mentioned, and for and in confederation of one thousand and fixty pounds, purchafe mo-for which the faid William Smith contracted with them, not only ney. for the purchafe of the fame premiffes for the remainder in tail male, fo forfeited by the attainder of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the reverfion in fee fo forfeited by the attainder of the faid James late earl ^Derwentwater, but alfo for the purchafe of a remainder limited by another fettlemeiit to the faid Charles Radcliffe and his iffue male, and the reverfion in fee to the faid James late earl of Der-wentwater, of and in the barony of Langley, and divers lands and hereditaments mentio?ted in the indenture of bargain and fale, herein lafi before recited, did bargain and fell all and fingular the manors, lordfhips, hamlets, mefiuages, lands, tenements, mills, rectories, tithes and other the premiffes in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March one thousand fix hundred and ni?iety one comprized, with their and every of their appurtenances, unto the faid William Smith (whom the faid commijfioners a?2d trufiees did thereby declare and confirm the purchafer thereof, he having bid moft for the fame, on the publick fale by cant or auction had for that purpofe, according to the lafi mentioned aCt of parliament) and his heirs, to hold to him, his heirs and affigns (in cafe the faid John Radcliffe fhould happen to die without ifiue male of his body) for and during the natural life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and fo long as he fhould have iffue male of his body; and in cafe the faid William Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe fhould both happen to die without iffue male of their refpec-the bodies, then to hold the fame premiffes unto the faid William Smith, his heirs and affigns, to the ufe of him, his heirs and affigns for ever: and whereas by indenture bearing date the faid twenty eighth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, and made between the fame commiffioners and trufiees of the one part, and Matthew White of Blagdon in the county of Northumberland, contra& with efquire, of the other part, reciting the faid deed poll of the twenty m. White* fourth day of June one thoufa?id fix hundred and ?iinety nine, and the attainder 0/Charles Radcliffe, and that the faid a?inuity or yearly rent of two hundred pounds fo granted to him for bis life, and all arrears thereof \ were vefied in the faid commiffioners and trufiees for the ufes afore mentioned; the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cunningham, Denis Bond, John Birch and Sir John Eyles, in execution of the trufis, pozvers and authorities afore mentioned, and for and in confederation of one thousand two hundred purchafe mo-and one pounds one jhilling, for which the faid Matthew White ney,

had



3*8	Anno	quinto GeoRgii IL c. 23.	[1732’.

had contracted with the faid commiffioners and trujiees, for the pur-chafe of the jaid annuity or yearly rent of two hundred pounds, during the life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and th$ arrears thereof from the time of his attainder, did bargain and fell the faid annuity or -yearly rent of tzvo hundred pounds fo granted to the faid Charles Radcliffe for his life as afore faid., and all benefits, privileges, advantages, powers and authorities, which they the faid commiffioners and trujiees could, might or ought to have or claim for the raifing, levying, takings receiving arid recovering the faid annuity or yearly rent of two hundred pounds iffuing out of and charged upon the barony> manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, therein particularly mentioned and deferibed, together with the arrears thereof incurred and grown due from the time of the attainder of the faid Charles Radcliffe, to the day of the date of the faid indenture, unto the faid Matthew White (whom faid commiffioners and trujiees did thereby declare and confirm the pur chafer thereof he having bid mofl for the fame on the publick fale^ by cant or auction had for that purpofe, according to the aforefaid aCt of parliament) and his heirs and ajfigns, to hold to him, his heirs and ajfigns during the natural life of the faid Charles Radcliffe: and whereas the faid William Smith did on the eleventh day of July one tboufand feven hundred and twenty three, contract to pur chafe the ejlate mentioned in a particular publifhed by the faid commiffioners and trujiees, and ivhich contained the barony and all the manorj, hands, tenements and hereditaments comprized in the faid two recited indentures, dated the twenty fourth day of March one thousand fix hundred and ninety one, and the twe?ity fourth of June one thousand feven hundred and twelve refpeClively, for the continuance of an ejlate in tail male, vefled in Charles Radcliffe, in remainder expectant on the death of John Radcliffe under age and without iffue male\ which contract was, on the thirtieth of the fame Juty, vacated and torn v out of the book of contracts, and a new one then procured, and dated as on the eleventh of July, by which the faid William Smith not only obtained the faid remainder in tail, but alfo the reverfion in fee of the faid ejlate, for the fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, al- * though a fufficient number of commiffioners and trujiees, as required by aCt of parliament, was not prefent either on the eleventh or thirtieth of the faid July, nor hadI any notice been given of expofing to Jale the reverfion in fee of the jaid ejlate: and whereas the faid Matthew White was, on the thirtieth of July one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, declared the purchafer of the faid annuity of two hundred pounds during the life of the faid Charles Rancliffe, and of all the arrears thereof from his attainder, for one thousand two hundred and one pounds one Jhilling, without due notice of time or place for expofing fuck annuity to fale, and zvithout the prefence of a fufficient number of commiffioners and trujiees fo, required as a-forefaid, and the faid William Smith and Matthew White were, prefent on the faid thirtieth of July, when Samuel Allen fecretary of the Jiaid commiffioners and trujiees figned the names of Sir Thomas Hales and Sir John Eyles to the faid refipeClive pretended contracts made yfith the faid William Smith and Matthew Whitt refpeCt-

Contract torn out of the book of con-trafts, and a new one procured*



3*9

1731*] Anno quinto Geo£Gii II. c. 23.

ively,	#	0	02^r ^ y2zzi commmi/fioners and truflees were

prefent, but the faid Denis Bond and John Birch; and whereas the contracting for the fale of the aforefaid efates by a lefs number of commijfioners and trufiees than four, and■ the not giving fifteen days notice at leaf of fuch fates, was a manifefi violation of the aft of parliament for the fale of the faid efiates, highly injurious to the publick, and a notorious breach of the trujl repofed in fuch commiffioners and trufiees 5 and whereas the faid commiffioners and trufiees did, by an order or pretended order, figned with the names of the faid\ commiffioners and truflees, and dated the eleventh day of July one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, dir eft the faid William Smith to pay the fum of two hundred and twelve pounds, pari of the faid fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, into the receipt of his Majeflfs exchequer, on or before the firfl day of Auguft then next, and the further fum-of eight hundred and forty eight pounds, refldue thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of September then next, for the pur chafe of the faid eflate Jo contra fted or pretended to be contracted to be fold to him, and which faid fums were by him paid accordingly ; and the faid commiffioners and truflees did, by another order or pretended order, figned with the names of the faid .commiffioners and truflees, dated the thirtieth day of July one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, direft the faid Matthew White to pay the fum of two hundred and forty one pounds four flnllings and two pence, part of the faid fum of one thousand two hundred and one pounds one /hilling, into the receipt of his Majeftys exchequer, on or before the fecond day of Auguft then next, and the further fum of nine hundred and fixty pounds fixteen /hillings and ten pence, refidue thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of September then next, for the pur chafe of the faid annuity fo contracted or pretended to be contracted to be fold to him, and which faid fums were by him paid accordingly: and Sales illegally whereas the faid contracts and fates were unduly and fraudulently nude. made and obtained, be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral contracts made, figned, or entered into, or pretended to be made, figned, or entered into, by the faid commiffioners and truflees, or any of them, for the fale or conveyance, to the faid William Smith, of any eflate, right, title, or interefl, of, into, or out of the barony, manors, lordfhips, mefluages, farms, lands, tenements, rectories, tithes, hereditaments, and premiffes, in the faid recited fettlemens of the twenty fourth of March, one thousand fix hundred and ninety one, and twenty fourth of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, comprized, or either of them, or of, into, or out of any part or parcel thereof, or any lands, tenements, or hereditaments whatsoever contracted, or pretended to be contracted for, by the faid William Smith for the fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, and alfo the con-trad or contracts, or pretended contract or contracts, for the fale, conveyance, or alignment to the faid Matthew White, of the faid annuity of two hundred pounds, fo granted to, or

charged



and fet afide.

M. White to account for arrears.

and be repaid with interell.

W. Smith to be repaid.

Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 13.	[1732.

charged for the benefit of the faid Charles	as	aforefaid,

and of the arrears of the fame, and alfo all the faid three feveral recited indentures of bargain and fale refpedlively, bearing date the twenty eighth day of Sepfember, in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, and all and every the bargains, fales, conveyances, deeds, and inftruments, figned, fealed, made, or executed, or pretended fo to be, for the conveying, transferring, veiling, palling, and alluring the faid feveral ellates, in-terells, annuity arrears, and other the premifles, or any part or parcel thereof, unto the faid William Smith and Mattheiv White, or either of them, their, or either of their heirs, executors, ad-minillrators, or affigns, fhall be and are hereby fet afide and annulled, and are hereby adjudged and declared to be, and to have been abfolutely null and void to all intents, conllrudlions, and purposes, as if the fame had never been made.

II.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid Matthew White fhall account in his  Majesty’s court of exchequer for the faid arrears, and the growing payments of the faid annuity of two hundred pounds per annum, mentioned in the faid indenture of bargain and fale bearing date the twenty eighth of Septembery one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, which have been received by him, or any other perfon or perfons authorized by, or claiming under him; and that in the taking of the faid account, there fhall be an allowance made to him for the faid fum of one thousand two hundred and one pounds, one fhilling, with lawful interell for the fame, and every part thereof, from the feveral and refpe<5live times that the faid Matthew White paid the fame into his  Majesty’s exchequer, until the faid Matthew White fhall have been reimburfed the fame by receipt of the arrears and growing payments of the faid annuity, the money fo received being firll applied for difcharg-ing the interell, and then towards finking the principal, together with all other jull allowances ; and in cafe there fhall not be fufficient received, as aforefaid, to anfwer the faid fum of one thousand two hundred and one pounds, one fhilling, with interell as aforefaid, that then the relidue thereof fhall be a charge on the faid annuity of two hundred pounds, during the life of the faid Charles Radcllffe, and on the arrears thereof.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, paid by the faid William Smith, together with lawful interell from the feveral times of payment thereof into his  Majesty’s exchequer, fhall be paid and reimburfed to the faid William Smithy his executors or ad minillrators; and that the money, which fhall be found due on the balance of the faid account, from the faid Matthew White, fhall in the firll place be charged with, and fo much thereof applied, as fhall be fufficient for the payment of the faid fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, with interell as aforefaid, to the faid William Smith ; and in cafe the fame fhall not be fufficient, that then the arrears of the faid annuity now due and unreceived (if any fuch there be) and alfo the growing payments



1732.] Anno quinto GeoRGII II. G.i$i	32*!

merits of the fame annuity* (hall ftand charged as a further fe-curity for making good the faid fum of one thousand and fixty pounds, with the intereft thereof, as aforefaid ; and if the faid arrears, and growing payments (hall not be fufficient, then the faid eftate fhall ftand charged as a further fecurity for the fame.

IV.	And to the end that the faid barony, manors, lordfhips, meftuages, farms, lands, tenements, redories, tythes, hereditaments, and premifles, and all the eftate and intereft in the fame, veiled in his Majesty by virtue of the faid feveral attainders, and of the faid adi of the ninth year of his  Majesty’s reign, and by force and operation of this ad, may be difpofed of in the moft beneficial manner; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the attorney gene- New fale of ral of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceftors, by his or their di- ^le premifles redion, to exhibit an Englijh bill or information in his  Majesty’s ^re&i™n of ^ court of exchequer at Wejlminfter, or to apply to the faid court the court of by motion in a fummary way, without any bill or information exchequer, filed, for the order and diredtion of that court, for the fale of all and Angular the faid barony, manors, lordlhips, meftuages, farms^ lands, tenements, redories, tythes, hereditaments, and premifles (fubjed to fuch claims and demands, as have been allowed by the faid commiftioners and truftees according to the faid recited ad of the fourth year of’his faid late  Majesty’s reign) to any perfon or perfons, being proteftants, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs fucceftors, dr afligns, who fhall become purchafer or purchafers thereof, for fuch eftate and intereft: as is veiled in his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceftors, as aforefaid; upon which bill or information, or motion, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of exchequer to make fuch order or decree, and give fuch directions for the fale of the faid premifles, either entire or in parcels, and for caufing pub-lick notice to be given thereof, as is ufual in cafes of eftates di-reded to be fold by virtue of decrees in courts of equity; and to make and give fuch other orders and directions therein, as to that court in their difcretion fhall feem juft ; and every perfon and perfons, who fhall be approved and confirmed by the faid court to be the bed bidder for the faid premifles, or any part thereof, fhall pay the price agreed upon into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, at fuch time and times as the faid court (hall appoint, to be applied and difpofed of according to any ad or ads of parliament hereafter to be made for that purpofe; and upon payment thereof, a grant or aflurance of the parcels fo bought and paid for, (hall be made and granted under the great feal of Great Britain, to every fuch buyer or buyers thereof, for fuch eftate or intereft therein, as the lame (hall be fold for; and every fuch grant or aflurance. lhall particularly exprefs or recite the confideration paid or given lor the fame, and fhall thereof acquit and difcharge every fuch purchafer, his and their heirs, fucceflbrs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns; and the laid court of exchequer fhall, by virtue of this ad, have all fuch and the like powers and authorities to compel any perfon and per-VoL' XVI.	Y	Ions



3Z?	Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 23.	[1732.

fons to produce before them any deeds and writings relating to the faid premiffes, or any part thereof, as by the faid recited a61s, or any of them, were vetted in the faid commiffioners and truttees.

Purchafers to V. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That

anT ottettion a^ an(* every Perf°n and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, an po e 10 , their heirs, fuccettors, and affigns, making any fuch pur-

chafe, and having and obtaining any fuch grant or affurance as aforefaid, (hall be, and hereby is and are adjudged to be in the adtual feifin and poffeffion of fuch parts and parcels of the faid premiffes, as fhall be fo purchafed and granted ; and the faid court of exchequer is hereby authorized and required (if need be) to iffue procefs to the fheriff or (heriffs, or other proper officer or officers of and in the refpective counties where the fame do lie, thereby commanding him or them to caufe poffef-fion to be delivered to fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, fuccettors, or affigns, or to whom they or any of them (hall appoint $ and every fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, fuccettors, and affigns, fhall hold and enjoy the fame for fuch eftate and intereft therein refpectively, as fhall be purchafed and granted as aforefaid, in the like manner, and freed and difcharged of and from all and Angular fuch claims and demands of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, and of all and every other perfon and perfons whatsoever, as any perfon or perfons might have held and enjoyed the faid premiffes, or any part thereof, in cafe they had purchafed the fame according to the powers, directions, and true meaning of the faid recited act of the fourth year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign : neverthelefs the faid premiffes, after fuch fale or fales, fhall be held of the Premiffes to King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, as of his  Majesty’s be held of his honour of Hampton Court in the county of Middlefex, by free Majelly. and common focage tenure, and fhall be fubje6t, from the time of the date of fuch grant or grants, to fugh crown rents and quit rents ittfuing thereout refpedtively, as the fame were liable to on the twenty third day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifteen.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Treafury may That until fuch fale and fales fhall be made, as is herein before colle6t and fue directed, it fhall and may be lawful for the lords commiffioners for arrears till of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the ^e*	lord high treafurer for the time being, to caufe to be collected

and levied all the rents, i flues. and profits of the faid barony, manors, lordfhips, meffuages, farms, lands, tenements* rectories, tythes, hereditaments and premiffes, and all arrearages thereof fince the death of the faid John Radcliffe, and to fue for and recover the fame in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and to caufe all the monies arifing thereby (the ne-ceffary charges of levying, collecting, fuing for, and recovering the fame, and the incident charges relating thereto only excepted) to be brought and paid into the receipt of the exchequer,

to



1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. C.24T	323

to be applied and difpofed of according to any a<5t or a6ts of parliament hereafter to be made for that purpofe.

VII.	Saving always to the King's moll excellent majesty, his The intereft heirs and fuccelfors, all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, of his Majesty, and demand, of, in, unto, or out of the faid premises, or any

part thereof, as his Majesty, his heirs or fuccelfors might have had, or been intitled unto, in cafe this adt had never been made (other than and except fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as was or is veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelfors, by virtue of the feveral attainders herein before mentioned, or either of them, or of the faid recited adls of parliament, or any of them) any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Saving alfo to all and every other perfon and perfons, and of all bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fuccelfors, executors, others, in the adminiftrators, and aftigns (other than and except the faid com-miftioners, and truftees, and the faid Matthew White, and

William Smith, and any perfon and perfons concerned with them, or either of them in the faid contrails or purchafes, or either of them, their, and every of their refpedlive heirs, executors, adminiftrators and aftigns, and all and every perfon and perfons claiming or to claim any eftate, right, title, intereft, or demand, either in law or equity, in, unto, or out of the faid premiftes, or any part thereof, by, from, or under them, or any of them) all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim or demand of, in, unto, or out of the faid premiftes, or any part thereof, as they or any of them might have had or been intitled unto in cafe this a<5t had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majefty*s plantations in America.

WHEREAS there is great reafon to believe that the foil and climate of the ifland ^Jamaica, and of other Britifh plantations in America, are proper for the growth of coffee, and that great quantities of that commodity may be produced in the faid plantations, and from thence imported into this kingdom, if encouragement be given for that purpofe, to the great advantage not only of the faid plantations^ but likewife of this kingdom: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George ^ Qeoi c I0 the Fir ft ^ intituled, An aeft for repealing certain duties therein 10	0,I'C,I0<

mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pafte imported, and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof, and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafte, and for better afeertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea and cocoa nuts imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell late earl of Carnwatb, it was enafted and declared, That the feveral duties upon coffee then payable by an aft of parliament made in the fxth year of the reign of his late 5^. 3 c Majesty King William the Third, and by an aft of parliament made

Y 2	in



324

3 Ann. c. 4.

10 Ann. c. »6.

After 25 March 1735, all coffee of growth of Bri-tifh plantations in America, to pay 1 s.

6d.

to be applied as directed by 10 Geo. i.c. 10.

Planter, or his agent, to make oath of the growth.

Anno qalnto Georgii II. c. 24I	[1732?

in the third year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and by one other aft of parliament made i?i the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majesty Queen Anne, flmild ceafe, determine and be no longer paid or payable ; and that an inland duty fould be charged and im~ pofed upon all coffee to be fold in Great Britain, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty four, after the rate of tivo fillings per pound averdupois, and in that 'proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, over and above all cujhmsy fubfidies and duties ivhich then remained payable to his Majefy for the fame upon the importation thereof ivhich duty ivas to be managed and colit ft ed by perfons to be nominated and appointed by virtue of the faid. aft, under certain rules, limitations, forfeitures and penalties therein mentioned: now for encouraging the growth of coffee in the faid plantations, and the importation of the fame from thence into this kingdom, be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, all coffee of the growth and produ6t of any of the Britif plantations in America fhall, in lieu of the faid inland duty of two thillings per pound weight, pay an inland duty of one {hilling and fix pence, and no more, per pound weight averdupoize, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity ; and the perfons nominated and appointed by virtue of the fir ft mentioned a£t, to manage and colledf the faid inland duty arifing thereby, fhall and are hereby impowered to take and receive the fum of one fhilling and fix pence per pound and no more, for all coffee of the growth and product of the Britif plantations above mentioned 3 any thing in the faid a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided and be it ena&ed. That the faid duty fhall be applicable to the ufes and purpofes contained and declared in the faid aeff of the tenth year of his late faid  Majesty’s reign, and all officers employed in managing and colleifting the fame, and all perfons importing, felling, buying or dealing in fuch coffee, fhall be fubjeef to the rules, limitations, reftridli'ons, forfeitures and penalties to be profecuted, received and divided in the manner thefwhy preferibed and directed.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of March orje thousand feven hundred and thirty-five, no coffee fhall be fuffered to be put on board any Chip or veffel in any of his  Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, until the planter or grower of fuch coffee, or his known agent, fhall make oath or affirmation in writing before two of his  Majesty’s ju-ftices of the peace in or near the place where the faid colfee grew (which oath or affirmation fuch juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) that the fame is a&ually of the growth and produce of fuch planter’s or grower’s plantation lying in the diftrift, cli-vifion or parifh of	within	the	ifland	or	colony	of



5732‘] Anno quinto GeoRgii II. c. 24.	325

which oath or affirmation (hall be produced to the collector, comptroller and naval officer, or any of and produce them, by the perfon or perfons who fhall enter or fhip fuch cof- a coPY to the fee, before the entry and (hipping thereof for Great Britain; and colic<^or* fuch perfon or perfons (hall likewife make oath of affirmation before the faid officers, or any two of them, that the coffee then to be (hipped is the very fame coffee, and no other than what is mentioned in fuch oath or affirmation of the planter or grower, or his known agent as aforefaid, which oath or affirmation the colle&or and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer at the port where the faid coffee is to be loaded, or any two of them, are impowered to adminifter; and the faid colledtor and comptroller, and naval officer are hereby required to deliver a certificate of fuch affidavit or affirmation, under their refpechve hands and feals, to the commander or matter of fuch fhip or vef-fel, on board of which the faid coffee is to be (hipped ; and the matter or perfon having command of fuch fhip or veffel fhall, be-fore clearing his fhip or veffel, alfo make oath in the like manner, make oath Gf that he has received fuch coffee on board his fhip or veffel, and the receipt of that he has no more or other coffee on board his fhip or veffel *uch coffeeon th&n fuch for which proofs fhall be made as aforefaid, and that he will not take or receive any more coffee on board before his	*

arrival in Great Britain, and making a report of his lading there, for which affidavit or affirmation, and certificate, the faid collector and comptroller, or naval officer fhall receive as a fee or reward the fum of five (hillings, and no more; and all certifi- Fee for the cates of fuch affidavits or affirmations fhall, by the commander oatil* or matter of fuch fhip or veffel importing fuch coffee into this kingdom, be produced, by fuch mafter or perfon having command of the (hip or veffel, to the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port where fuch fhip fhall unlade at the time of making his report, and fhall at the fame time deliver to fuch collector and comptroller a certificate under the hands and feals of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer of the port or place where fuch coffee fhall have been (hipped, or any two of them, teftifving the particular quantities of fuch coffee which fhall be fo laden, and of which fuch proofs fhall be made as aforefaid, fpecifying the package or packages in which part;cuIars to the fame is contained, with the particular marks, numbers and be (pecified. weights of each package; and the faid matter fhall likewife make oath, or if he be one of the people called ghiakers, folemnly affirm before them, that the coffee in the faid certificate or certificates mentioned was truly taken on board, as in the faid certificate or certificates is expreffed, and that after his departure from the place or places where fuch coffee mentioned in the faid certificate or certificates was laded, he did not take on board, or permit to be laded on board, his faid fhip or veffel, either at fea or elfewhere, any parcel or parcels of coffee, and that all the coffee on board his faid (hip is mentioned and fet forth in the faid certificate or certificates ; and upon the entry of fuch coffee at the cuftom houfe, and paying or fecuring the feveral duties

Y 3	then



326	Anno	quinto	Georgii II. c. 24.	[1732.

then due thereupon, a mark (hall be fet on every parcel, denot-Tbe goods to hag it to contain coffee of the growth of the Briti/h plantations, be marked. and where and by what (hip imported, and thereupon fuch parcel or parcels of coffe’e fo marked (hall be lodged in a warehoufe or warehoufes, purfuant to the diredtions of the faid act paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majefty; and the importer or proprietor of any parcel or parcels of coffee, or any o-tl;er perfon who (hall be imployed by fuch importer or proprietor to make an entry with the receiver or colle&or of the faid inland duty, (hall deliver to the faid receiver or collector the faid certificate* or certificates of the affidavit or affirmation of the growth of the faid coffee in the Britif b plantations, made before the colledlor and comptroller of the cuftoms or naval officers, together with the faid oath or affirmation made as aforefaid, by the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel, at the port where fuch coffee was taken on board, together with the oath or affirmation, or a copy thereof, made by the planter or grower before two of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace there, in the manner before diredted ; as alfo the faid certificate of the package, marks and numbers of the coffee fo laden on board ; which faid certificate or certificates, oath or affirmation, (hall remain with the faid colledfor or receiver of the faid inland duty.

Penalty on re. IV”. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, ceiving or That no commander or other perfon having charge of any fhip landing coffee or veffel, (hall take in, or permit or fuffer to be taken in at any °row(’b 'ex °^^*iS  Majesty’s plantations in America, or at fea, or in any creek, cepi- from harbour or other place in America, or (hall land, fuffer or per-Great Britain, mit to be landed, out of any fhip or veffel in any of the faid plantations, any coffee of the growth or produce of any foreign country, except fuch coffee as (hall be regularly exported from Great Britain, on pain of forfeiting all fuch coffee, and the fum of two hundred pounds, and likewife fhall fuffer twelve months imprifonment ; fuch forfeiture to be fued for, recovered and adjudged in any court of record in any of his  Majesty’s dominions in Europe, or in any of his  Majesty’s plantations; and what fhall be recovered in purfuance of this acft, in any court of record in any of his  Majesty’s dominions in Europe, (hall be paid, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame ; and what (hall be recovered in the plantations, (hall be divided, one third to his Majesty, one third to the governor or commander in chief, and the other third to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

Penalty on V. And be it enadied by the authority aforefaid. That if any falfe oath or perfon fhall falfty make any oath or affirmation by this adt directed certificate. to be made, and (hall thereof belegally convidted in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of the faid plantations, where fuch offence was committed, fuch perfon fo guilty (hall forfeit the furri of two hundred pounds, and be imprifoned for the fpace of twelve months;

and

Hoste'd by Google

i?32'] Anno quinto Georgii IT. c. 25.

32?

and if any perfon (hall forge or counterfeit a certificate of the faid oath or affirmation, or (hall publifh fuch certificate, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, and be legally convicted thereof in any of the courts aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch forfeiture (hall be paid, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the perfon or per-fons who (hall inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered and divided as is before directed and appointed.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Continuance That this a£t (hall continue and be in force from the faid twenty Gf this aft. fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty five Continued by to the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred 2 5Geo***c-3£* and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

Aft a£l for making procefs in courts of equity effediual againfi perfons who abfcond, and cannot be ferved therewith, or who refufe to appear.

WHEREAS feme perfons have withdrazvn themfelves beyond the feas, or otherivife abfeonded, to avoid appearing in courts of equity, or being ferved with procefs for that purpofe, or being brought into court by Habeas Corpus, have refufed to appear; for remedy of the inconveniencies thence enfuing, be it enadfedjby the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fameQ That if in any fuit which hath been, or hereafter (hall be, com- Per(ons n(>t pienced in any court of equity, any defendant or defendants, a- peararu:eP" gainft whom any Subpoena or other procefs (hall iftue, (hall not within the caufe his, her or their appearance to be entred upon fuch procefs ufual time within fuch time, and in fuch manner as according to the rules after Sub" of the court the fame ought to have been entred in cafe fuch Poena? procefs had been duly ferved, and an affidavit or affidavits (hall be made to the fatisfaeftion of fuch court, that fuch defendant or defendants is or are beyond the feas, or that upon inquiry at his, fier or their ufual place of abode, he, (he or they could not be found fo as to be ferved with fuch procefs, and that there is juft ground to believe that fuch defendant or defendants is or are and juftly fuf-gone outofthe realm orotherwife abfeonded, to avoid being ferved pe&ed to ab-with the procefs of fuch court, then and in fuch cafe the court t^n<rocefs°^ put of which fuch procefs iflued, may make an order directing couft t0 fix a and appointing fuch defendant or defendants to appear at a cer~ day for his tain day therein to be named ; and a copy of fuch order lhall appearance, within fourteen days after fuch order made be inferted in the eGazme London Gazette, and publifhed on fome Lord’s day, immediate- ancj published* ly after divine fervice, in the parifh church of the parifh where in the parifli fuch defendant or defendants refpedively made his, her or their church of the ufual abode within thirty days next before fuch his, her or their abfenting and alfo a copy of fuch order (hall within the time famepubii<?

CAP. XXV.

Y4

aforefaid place.

Hosted

proconfeflfo, his eftate fe-" queftred,

$28	Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 25.	[1732"

aforefaid be ported up as after mentioned (that is to fay) a copy of every fuch order made in his  Majesty’s high court of chancery, court of exchequer, or the court of the dutchy chamber of Lan-cajler at Wejiminjler, fh.all be ported up in fome publick place at the Royal Exchange in London \ and a copy of every fuch order made in any of the courts of equity of the counties palatine of Chef or, Lancafer and Durham, or of the great fertlons in Wales, ihall be ported up at fome publick place in fome market town within the jurifdidion of the court by which fuch order was made, and neareft to the place where fuch defendant or defendants refpc'.fUvely made his, her or their ufual abode as aforefaid, fuch place of abode being alfo within the jurifdi£tion of the faid court; and if the defendant or defendants do not appear within the time limited by fuch order, or within fuch further time as Defendant not court appoint, then on proof made of fuch publication appearing, of fuch order as aforefaid, the court being fatisfied of the truth thereof may order the plaintiff’s bill to be taken pro cmfejfo, and the plaintiffs make fuch decree thereupon as (hall be thought juft, and may bill to be taken thereupon iffue procefs to compel the performance of fuch decree, r~rr~ e^t}ier by an immediate fequeftration of the real and perfonal e-ftateand effects of the party fo abfenting(ifany fuch can be found) or fuch part thereof as may be fufficient to fatisfy the demands of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the faid fuit,or by caufing poffeffion of the eftate or effecrts demanded by the bill to be delivered to the plaintiff or plaintiffs or otherwife, as the nature of the cafe fhall require; and the faid court may likewife order fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs to be paid and fatisfied his, her or their demands out of The eftate oreffedls fo fequeftred, according to the true intent and meaning of fuch decree, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs firft giving fufficient fecurity in fuch fum as the court fhall think proper, to abide fuch order touching the reftitution of fuch eftate or effedls as the court fhall think proper to make concerning the fame, upon the defendant or defendants appearance to defend fuch fuit, and paying fuch cofts to the plaintiff dr plaintiffs as the court fhall order j but in cafe fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall refufe or on defendant’s negledt to give fuch fecurity as aforefaid, then the faid court fhall or<3er the eftate or effedls fo fequeftred, or whereof poffeffion fufmgfuch fe- fhall be decreed to be delivered, to remain under the direction " of the court, either by a-ppointing a receiver thereof or other-wife, as to fuch court fhall feem meet, until the appearance of the defendant or defendantsto defend fuch fuit, and his, her or their paying fuch cofts to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, as the faid court fhall think reafonable, or until fuch order fhall be made .therein as the court fhall think juft.

After fir ft day	II. And it is hereby further enadfed by the authority afore-

of Eafter term faid. That from and after the firft day of Eafter term one thou-defend- fand f£Ven hundred and thirty two, if any defendant or defend-hito court^by ants> by virtue of any writ of Habeas Corpus or other procefs Habeas Cor- ilfuing out of any court of equity, fhall be brought into court, pus, and re- and fhall refufe or neglecft to enter his, her or their appearance fufing to enter according to the rules or method required by the faid court, or

to

and plaintiff fatisfied.

on giving fecurity to the court to defend the fuit

curity, the effects fequeftred, to remain under direction of the cour.t*



ir32.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 25.	329

to appoint a clerk in court, or attorney of fuch court to aft on appearance, his, her or their behalf refpeftively, fuch court may appoint a thera^ clerk in court or attorney of fuch court to enter an appearance for fuch defendant or defendants refpeftively, and fuch proceedings may thereupon be' had in the caufe, as if the party had aftually appeared.

III.	Provided always. That if any perfon, againft whom any Perfons in cu-

decree fhall be made, upon refufal or negleft to enter his, her	r^u^

,•	r	5	^	mg, to be ferv-

or their appearance, or appoint a clerk in court, or attorney to cd with a copy

aft on his, her or their behalf, fhall be in cuftody or forth com- of the decree.

ing, fo that he, fhe or they may be ferved with a copy of fuch

decree, then he, fhe or they fhall be ferved with a copy thereof,

before any procefs fhall be taken out to compel the performance

thereof.

IV.	Provided alfo, That if any decree fhall be made in pur- Perfonsout of fuance of this aft againft any perfon or perfons being out of the the realm af-realm, or abfeonding in manner aforefaid, at the time fuch

decree is pronounced, and fuch perfon or perfons (hall within return withirf feven years after the making fuch decree return or become 7 years, to be publickly vifible, then and in fuch cafe he, fhe or they fhall ferved with % likewife be ferved with a copy of fuch decree within a reafona- C0P7> ble time after his, her or their return or publick appearance fhall be known to the plaintiff* or plaintiffs; and in cafe any defendant againft whom fuch decree fhall be made, fhall with- or in cafe of in feven years after the making fuch decree, happen to die be- death, his fore his or her return into this realm, or appearing openly as heir, &c. aforefaid, or fhall within the time laft before mentioned die in cuftody before his or her being ferved with a copy of fuch decree, then his or her heir, if fuch defendant fhall have any real eftate fequeftred, or whereof pofTeftion fhall have been delivered to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, and fuch heir may be found, or if fuch heir fhall be a feme covert, infant, or non compos mentis, the hufband, guardian or committee of fuch heir refpeftively; or if the perfonal eftate of fuch defendant be fequeftred, or poffefTion thereof delivered to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then his . or her executor or adminiftrator (if any fuch there be) may and fhall be ferved with a copy of fuch decree within a reafonable time after it fhall be known to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, that the defendant is dead, and who is his or her he r, executor or adminiftrator, or where he, (he or they reflectively may be ferved therewith.

V.	Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons fo ferv-ifperfonsferv-

ed with a copy of fuch decree, fhall not within fix months af- ed with fuch ter fuch fervice appear and petition to have the faid caufe re- copies, (ball heard, - fuch decree fo made' as aforefaid (hall Hand abfolutely confirmed againft the perfon and perfons fo ferved with a copy the caufewith-thereof, his, her and their refpeftive heirs, executors and ad- in 6 months, miniftrators, and all perfons claiming or to claim by, from or the decree to under him, her, them or any of them, by virtue of any aft: confirmed6^ done or to be done fubfequent to the commencement of fuch ^d bar ail fuit.	claiming by

VI. Pro- them.



330	Anno	quinto	GeoRgii	II. c. 2g.	[1732*

Defendants VI. Provided nevertheless. That if any perfon, fo Served petitioning a wfth a COpy 0f fuch decree, Shall within jix months after Such within *7years, fervice> or ^ an)7 perfon not being fo Served Shall within Seven and giving fe- years next after the making fuch decree, appear in court, and curity for cofts, petition to be heard with refpecft to the matter of Such decree, and Shall pay down or give Security for payment of fuch cofts as the court Shall think reafonable in that behalf, the perfon or perfons fo petitioning, his, her or their respective representatives, or any perfon or perfons claiming under him, her or them respectively, by virtue of any acft done before the corn-admitted to mencement of the fuit, may be admitted to anfwer the bill anfwer, and exhibited, and iffue may be joined, and witneffes on both tides heard^ain^ examine<^ an^ fuch other proceedings, decree and execution 0	*	may be had thereon, as there might have been in cafe the

fame party had originally appeared, and the proceedings had then been newly begun, or as if no former decree or proceedings had been in the fame caufe.

Not appearing VII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacfted by the autho-within 7years, rity atorefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, againft whom Such^ebboi	decree	be	made, his, her or their heirs, executors*

to beabfolute- or administrators, Shall not within feven years next after the ly barred. making of fuch decree, appear and petition to have the caufe reheard, and pay down or give Security for payment of fuch cofts as the court Shall think reafonable in that behalf, fuch decree made as aforefaid Shall Stand absolutely confirmed againft the perfon and perfons againft whom Such decree Shall be made, his, her and their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, and againft all perfons claiming or to claim, by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, by virtue of any acft done or to be done fubfequent to the commencement of fuch fuit; and at the end of fuch feven years it (hall and may be lawful for the court to make fuch further order as (hall be juft and reafonable, according to the circumftances of the cafe.

Not to affeCt VIII. Provided always, That this acft Shall not extend or perlbns be- be conftrued to extend to warrant or make good any proceed-yond the ieas, jng againft any perfon beyond the Seas, unlefs it Shall appear to be^niade^ofVlt ^at^s^a(^^on ^ie court by affidavit or affidavits, before the making of fuch decree, that fuch perfon had been in that part of Great Britain called England, within two years next before the Subpoena in fuch fuit iffued againft fuch perfon.

IX.	Provided alfo, that this acft Shall not extend or be con-^ ftrued to extend to warrant or make good any proceeding a-to courts bav- gainfb any perfon in any court of equity having a limited jurif-ing a limited diCtion, uniefs it Shall appear to the fatisfacftion of fuch court jurisdiction, by affidavit or affidavits, before the making of fuch decree, madeof3^^6 ^at	Per**on	bac* reuded within the jurifdicftion of fuch

Sbnafreiidence court, within one year next before the Subpoena in fuch fuit in fuch jurif- iffued againft fuch perfon. diCtion t year

before the	p

Subpoena.	CAP.

their being in England within 2 years before the Subpoena.

Not to extend



T732’] Anno quinto Georgii H. c. 26,27.	331

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for the effectual repairing the highways between Dunftable and Hockliffe in the county of Bedford, by enlarging the term and powers granted by two former afts, one of the ninth and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne. Fbe two ads continuedjor ziyears*

CAP. XXVII.

An adi to explain, amend and render more effeftual an a£l made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts.

WH E R E A S in an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign Recital of

of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft iaGeo.i.c 29, to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts, it is amongft other Revived by things enafted, That from and after the twenty--fourth day of June 21 Geo* 2‘ c*3* which was in the year of our Lord one thoufa?td feven hundred and twenty-fix? no perfon Jhould he held to fpecial bail upon any procefs ijfuing out of any fuperior court, where the caufe of action ftoould not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior courts where the caufe of aftion Jhould not amount to the fum of forty Jhillings or upivards \ and that in all cafes where the caufe of action Jhould not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards in any^ fueh fuperior court? or to forty Jhillings or upwards in any-fuch inferior court (and the plaintiff or plaintiffs Jhould proceed by the way of procefs againft the perfon) he? Jhe or they Jhould not ar~ reft or caufe to be arrefted the body of the defendant or defendants? but Jhould ferve him? her or them perform lly? within the jur if diction of the court, with a copy of the procefs; and if fuch defendant or defendants ftjould not appear at the return of the procefs, or within , four days after fuch return, in fuch cafe it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon affidavit being made and filed in the proper court of the per final fervice of fuch procefs as aforefaid (which faid affidavit Jhould be filed gratis) to enter a common appearance or file common bail for the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if fuch defendant or defendants had entred his, her or their appearance? or filed common bail? any law or ufage to the contrary notwith[landing: and whereas the faid procefs in the faid aft mentioned is in a language for the moft part unknown to fuch defendant or defendants: and whereas fuch defendant or dejendants are to appear at the return of fuch procefs? or ivithin four days after fuch return, the Jhortnefi of which time hath been found inconvenient in many cafes: and whereas affidavit is to be made of the per final fervice of fuch procefs, and unnecef-fary expence and delay hath been occafioned J'or want of a fufficient number of per fins duly authorized to take fuch affidavits: for remedy whereof be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, hy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual ancf temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and

after



332

After the end of this feflion procefs under joL or 40s. re-lpe6Vively, to be in Englifh, 3.nd in a common hand.

Defendant to appear within. % days after return of the proeefs.

Affidavit to be made of the fervice.

5S.'for making and ferving copyof procefs in fuperior, and is.in inferior courts.

Procefs in particular franchifes.

Anno quinto GeoRGH II. 0.27.'	£1732.

after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, in all cafes where the caufe of adtion fhall not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards in any fuperior court, or to forty (hillings or upwards in any inferior court, the writ, procefs, declaration and all other proceedings (hall be in the Englijh tongue, and written in words at length, in a common legible hand and charadter; and the defendant or defendants in fuch cafes (a copy of fuch procefs in Englijh having been ferved, as by the faid adt is directed) (hall appear at the return thereof, or within eight days after fuch return, and the affidavit of thfe fervice of fuch procefs fhall and may be made before any judge or commiffioner of the court, out of which fuch procefs fhall iflue, authorized to take affidavits in fuch courts, or elfe before the proper officer for entring common appearances in fuch court, or his lawful deputy; and which affidavit is hereby di-redled to be filed gratis.

II.	Provided always. That no attorney, bailiff or other perfon, fhall have, take, charge or demand more than five (hillings, for the making and ferving a copy of fuch procefs if-fuing out of any fuperior court, or more than one (hilling for the making and ferving a copy of fuch procefs, iffuing out of any inferior court, on fuch defendant or defendants refpedlive-ly as aforefaid.

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That in particular franchifes and jurifdidlions the proper officer there (hall execute fuch procefs.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon every copy of fuch procefs, to be ferved upon any defendant, fhall be written in like manner an Englifj notice to fuch defendant of the intent and meaning of fuch fervice to the effedf following, videlicet,

Form of Eng-lifh notice to the defendant,

without fee.

AB. you are ferved with this procefs, to the intent that you . may by your attorney appear in his Majesty s court of at the return thereof, being the	day of

(as the cafe fhall happen to be) in order to your defence in this afiion^ and for which faid Englijh notice no fee or reward fhall be demanded or taken.

V.	And whereas great and unneceffary expences have been occa-ftoned in fin all and trifling fuits, by the fuing forth offpecial writs; for remedy whereof be it enacled by the authority aforefaid. After the end That from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parlia-of this feflion	ment,	where the	caufe of adtion fhall not amount	to	the fum

m^^b^lflbed5 ten	Poun^s or	upwards in any fuperior court,	or	to forty

infmaflerfuits. -(hillings or upwards in any inferior court, no fpecial writ or writs, nor any procefs fpecially therein exprefling the caufe or caufes of adlion, (hall be fued forth or iffued from any fuch fuperior	or inferior	court refpedtively, in order to compel any

perfon	or perfons	to appear thereon in fuch court	or	courts :

and all proceedings and judgments, that (hall, from and after

the

Hosted by (jOCK^Ic

322

1732*] Anno’ quinto Georgii II. c. 28.

the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, be had on any fuch writ or procefs, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be void and of none effect; and every attorney or officer of fuch court or courts, fuing forth or iffuing any fuch writ or procefs, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds to the perfon or perfons ag- penajty on jf_ grieved thereby, who fhall and may recover the fame by action fuing fuchfpe. of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s cial writs 101. courts of record at Wejhninfter, together with full cofts of fuit, co^s in which no effoin, protection or wager of law, fhall be allowed ' 1 * or any more than one imparlance.

VI.	And whereat the jaid act hath been found by experience to be ufeful and beneficial, be it therefore enabled by the authority a-forefaid, That the faid a6c (except wherein the fame is by this Thefe a&s to prefent a6l explained and amended) fhall be and is hereby con- continue (even tinued, and fhall, together with this .prefent act, be and remain ter 'utual in full force from the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, aiGeo, 2.0^. for and during the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

C A P. XXVIII.

An att for encouraging the Greenland fifhery.

WHEREAS the trade to Greenland, the Greeland feas, and Davis’j freights, in the fifhing for ivhales, feals and other creatures caught there, is a very beneficial trade to this kingdom, not only in employing great numbers of feamen and Jhips, and confining great quantities of provifions9 but alfo in bringing into this nation great quantities of fins, oil, or blubber of whales^ and oil JkinSy and other produce of feals and other creatures 3 and whereas the permitting the importation of fuch fins, oif or blubber, or other produce whatsoever of whales, feals, and other creatures caught by his faid Majesty s fnbjeffs in the faid feas, freights, or in any other parts of the feas adjoining thereunto, without paying any duty for the fame for a competent time, may greatly contribute to the encourage-ment and fupport of the faid trade ; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena6ted, and be it ena6ted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That After Dec. 25 it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, for I73I* f°r nme and during the fpace of nine years, to be computed from the o^feal^fkinf twenty-fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred' and &c.maybe im-thirty-one, to import whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, ported from feal oil, feal fkins, or any other produce of feals, or other fifh Greenland, or creatures taken or caught in the faid Greenland feas or b^Britifo Davis s (freights, or in any other parts of the feas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, in Britiflo fhips, whereof the captain or mafter, and one third part at the lead: of the mariners are Bri^ tiflo fubjedts, without paying any cuftom, fubfidy, or other duty for the fame, during the faid term of nine years,, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. Pro-



on oath of the matter of the veffel before the chief officers of the cu-Itonns, that fuch whales, &c.were taken there by fuch (hips.

Continued by a2Geo.2,0.45.

5 Geo.i. c.21

9 Geo. 1. c.26

A<t 5 Geo. 1 continued

Anno quinto GeoRGII II* c. 29. f 1732^

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained fhali extend or be conftrued to extend to give liberty of importing any of the before mentioned commodities duty free, unlefs the captain, mafter or other commanding officer of the (hip or veffel importing the fame fhali firft: make oath before fome or one of the commiffioners or principal officer of the cuftoms in the port or ports of importation (who is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch oath) that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, feal oil, feal fkins, or other produce of feals, or other fifh or creatures, imported in fuch fhip or veffel was really and bona fide the fins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the fkins, oil, or other produce of feals, or other fifh or creatures caught and taken in the faid Greenland feas, Davis's ftreights, or other parts of the feas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, by the crew of fuch fhips and veflels only, whereof the captain or mafter, and one third part at the leaft of the mariners were Britifto fubjects.

CAP. XXIX.

An adl for the reviving an add made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his  Majesty’s fubjedts to and from the Eaft-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his  Majesty’s fub-jedts trading thither under foreign commiffions.

w1

'HEREAS the adl made in the fifth year of the reign of of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An act for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his  Majesty’s fubjects to and from the Eafi-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his  Majesty’s fubjects trading thither under foreign commiffions, which was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament; and which by another adt made in the ninth year of his faid late Majefty'$ reign, intituled, An act to prevent his  Majesty’s fubjects from fubfcribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any fubfcription for an Eaft-India company in the Auftrian Netherlands, and for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his  Majesty’s fubjects to and from the Eafi-Indies, ivas further continued for /even years from the twenty fifth day of March one thoujand [even hundred and twenty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next Jeff on ofparliament, hath by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and is lately expired j may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid firft herein before-mentioned act ffiall be and is hereby revived, and fhali be in full force from the. firft day ‘ of May in the year of our Lord one thousand feven .hundred

and

Hosted by

Google

1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. 0,30.

and thirty-two for and during the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXX.

An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

WHEREAS commiffions of bankrupt have been ijfued againji feveral perfons not long before and fince the expiration of the fiatute made in the fifth year of his late Majefifs reign, intitule d, An adl for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, and fuch perfons have been declared bankrupts by the commiffioners by fuch commiffions authorized, and yet feveral of fuch bankrupts, by reafon of the expiration of the faid fiatute, have not only refufed to fur render themf elves to the commiffioners, and to dif-cover and deliver up their eftate and effefts to the faid commiffioners for the benefit of their creditors, but have carried away and concealed .the fame in fuch manner, that the faid commiffioners have not been able to feize the fame, to the manifeft wrong and injury of their creditors, and to the great difcouragement of trade: and whereas many evil-minded perfons have, fince the expiration of the faid fiatute, bought and taken upon trufi and credit divers great quantities of goods, wares and merchandizes, and have thereby, and by their extravagant manner of living and otherwife, contracted great debts, and having gotten fuch goods and effects into their cuflody, have fold or pawned the fame for lefs than the value thereof and thereby raffed ready money, and have withdrawn themf elves from their ufual places of abode, with their effects, into fecret places, in order to oblige their creditors to accept of fuch compofition for their refpeftive debts, as fuch evil-minded perfons think fit to offer, or have carried away their effects beyond the feas, whereby their creditors have been totally deprived of their debts: and whereas many perfons have and do daily become bankrupts, not fo much by reafon of lefffes and unavoidable mif-fortunes, as to the intent to oblige their creditors to accept fuch their unjuft profers and compofition, and to defraud and hinder their creditors of their juft debts : therefore to remedy the faid abufes, and tofupply the defedls and inconveniencies of former laws relating to bankrupts, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons, who fince the fourteenth day of May which was in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, hath or have become bankrupt, or who (hall at any time hereafter during the continuance of this adt become bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of the feveral ftatutes made and now in force concerning bankrupts, or any of them, and againfl: whom a commiffion of bankrupt under the great feal of Great Britain hath, fince the faid fourteenth day of May which was in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, been awarded and iffued out, or (hall at any time hereafter be awarded and iffued out5 whereupon the perfon or perfons

again#

335

from i May 1732 for 7 years, &c. Continued by 2oGeo.2,c.4-7*

5 Geo. 1. c.240

Bankrupts fince 14. May 1729,



336	Anno quinto GeoRGII II. C.30.	[1732*

again ft whom fuch commiffion hath iffiied or fhall iffue, hath or have been or fhall be declared bankrupt or bankrupts, (hall not within forty two days after notice thereof in writing, to be left at the ufual place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, or perfonal notice, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons be then in prifon, and notice given in the London Gazette, that fuch commiffion or com-miffions is, are or have been iffued, and of the time and place of a meeting of the commiffioners therein named, or the major part of them, furrender him, her or themfelves to the faid.commiffioners named in the faid commiffion, or the major part of them, and fign or fubfcribe fuch furrender, and fubmit to be examined from time to time upon oath, or being of the people called Quakers, upon the folemn affirmation by law appointed for fuch people, by and before fuch commiffioners, or the major part of them, by fuch commiffion authorized, and in all things conform to the feveral ftatutes already made and now in conforming to force concerning bankrupts ; and alfo upon fuch his, her or their t e atu ee, examination fully and truly difclofe and difcover all his, her or, their efFedls and eftate real and perfonal,- and how and in what, manner, to whom and upon what confideration, and at what time or times he, fhe or they have or hath difpofed of, affigned or transferred any of his, her or their goods, wares, merchandizes, monies or other eftate and efletfts (and all books, papers and writings relating thereunto) of which he, fhe or they was or were pofleffed, or in or to which he fhe or they was or were any ways interefted or intitled, or which any perfon or perfons had, or hath or have had in trull for him, her or them, or for his, her or their uie, at any time before or after the iffii-ing of the faid commiffion, or whereby fuch perfon or perfons, or his, her or their family or families, hath or have, or may have or expedl any profit, poffibility of profit, benefit or advantage whatsoever, except only fuch part of his, her or their, eftate and cffecfts, as fhall have been really and bona fide before fold or difpofed of in the way of his, her or their trade and dealings ; and except fuch furris of money as fhall have been laid out in the ordinary expence of his, her or their family or families ; and alio upon fuch examination deliver up unto the faid commiffioners by the faid commiffion authorized, or the major part of them, all fuch part of his, her or their the faid bankrupts goods, wares, merchandizes, money, eftate and effedls, and all books, papers and writings relating thereunto as at the time of fuch examination fhall be in his, her or their poffieffion, cuftody or power (his, her or their neceffary wearing apparel and the neceffary wearing apparel of the wife and children of fuch bankrupt only excepted) then he, fhe or they the faid bankrupt or bankrupts, in cafe of any default and wilful omif-°oodsbtoZthe ^ ^on *n not furrendring and fubmitting to be examined as afore-vaJu/of zo b faid, or in cafe he, fhe or they fhall remove, conceal or em-guilty of bezzle any part of fuch his, her or their eftate real or perfonal, felony.	to the value of twenty pounds, or any books of account, papers

or writings relating thereto, with an intent to defraud his, her

©y

not furren-dring within 42. days notice,



337

I732-] Anno quinto Georgii IL c. 30.

or their creditors (and being thereof lawfully convicted by judgment or information) (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as felons without benefit of clergy, or Goods of the benefit of any fiatute made in relation to felons 3 and in condemned to fuch cafes fuch felon’s goods and eftate fliall go and be divided o-otothecre-among the creditors feeking relief under fuch commifiion ; anyditors. law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Number and raid. That the faid comm'iflicners, authorized as aforefaid, (hall limitation of appoint within the faid forty two days fo appointed as aforefaid fittings, for the bankrupt to furrender and conform as aforefaid, not lefs than three feveral meetings for the purpofes aforefaid, the lad of which (hall be on the forty fecond day hereby limited for fuch bankrupt’s appearance; except on commiffions already iffued fince the faid fourteenth day of May one thousand feven hundred arid twenty nine, where the perlon or perfons againft whom fuch commifiion iffued has or have before furrendred and fubmitted to be examined ; in which cafe the faid commiflion-ers, authorized as aforefaid, (hall appoint only one fitting more for the purpofes aforefaid, unlefs the afiignee or afiignees of the eftate of fuch bankrupt lhall think more fittings neceffary, and defire the fame, and three weeks notice at leaft (hall be given In the London Gazette of the time and place of fuch meetings.

Ill	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted Lord chancel-by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to lor may en-and for the lord chancellor or lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great leal of Great Britain for the time being, to enlarge the time for fuch perfon or perfons furrendring him, a her or themfelves, and difclofing and difcovering his, her or their eftate and effects as aforefaid, as the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper or fuch conrmiftioners (hall think fit, not exceeding fifty days, to be computed from the end of the faid forty two days, fo as fuch order for enlarging the time be made by the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper or fuch commiflioners fix days at leaft before the time on which fuch perfon or perfons was or were fo to furrender him, her or themfelves, and make fuch discovery as aforefaid.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Books of ac-That every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts as aforefaid, after any count to be afiignee or afiignees of his, her or their eftate and effebls fhall ^aff^nees be chofen and appointed, as herein after mentioned, (hall be and on is and are hereby required forthwith to deliver up upon oath, or (one of the people called Quakers) upon lolemn affirmation before one of the mafters of the high court of chancery, or before any juftice of the peace within his refpebtive jurifdiction, which oath or affirmation they are hereby impowered to adminifter, unto fuch afiignee or afiignees all his, her or their books of accounts, papers and writings not feized by the meflenger of the faid commifiion, or not before delivered up to the commiflioners, or the major part of them, and theh In his, her or their cuftody Vo*. XVI.	Z	or



Bankrupt to attend ai-fignees.

infpe<5t accounts.

Anno quinto Georgii II. C. 30.''	[1732.'

or power, and difcover fuch as are in the cuftody or power of any other perfon or perfons, that any ways relate to or concern his> her or their eftate or effedls; and all and every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, not in prifonor cuftody, fhall at all times after fuch furrenderas aforefaid be at liberty, and is and are hereby required to attend fuch affignee or aftignees upon every reafonable notice in writing for that purpose given by fuch affignee or affignees unto fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or left for him, her or them at his, her or their houfe or place of abode, in order to affift, and fhall affift fuch affignee or affignees in making out the accounts of the faid bankrupt’s eftate and effedis.

V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every bankrupt or bankruptshaving furrendered as aforefaid fhall, at all feafonable times before the expiration of the faid forty two days, or fuch further time as fhall be allowed to fuch bankrupts to finifh his, her or their examination, be at liberty to infpedt his, her or the’r books, papers and writings, in the preface of fuch affignee or affignees, or fome perfon to be appointed by fuch affignee or affignees for that purpofe, and to take and bring with him, her or them, for his, her or their af-fiftance, fuch perfons as he, {he or they fhall think lit, not exceeding two perfons at any one time, and to make out fuch extracts and copies from thence, as he, (lie or they (hall think fit, the better to enable him, her and them to make a full and true dilcovery and dilclofure of his, her or their eftate and effects; and in order thereto the faid bankrupt or bankrupts fhall be free from re ft rain t from all arrefts, reftraint or imprifonment of any of his, her or duringexami- their creditors in coming to furrender, and from the actual fur-rncuftodybe- rent^r °f fuch bankrupt to the faid commiffioners, for and du-fore. « ring the faid forty two days, or fuch further time as fhall be *-allowed to fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, for finifhing his, her or ' their examinations a^aforefaid, provided fuch bankrupt was not in cuftody at the time of fuch furrender and fubmiffion to be examined ; and in cafe fuch bankrupt (hall be arrefted for debt, or on any efcape warrant, coming to furrender him or herfelf to the faid commiffioners, or after his or her furrender fhall be fo arrefted within the time before-mentioned, that then, on producing fuch fummons or notice under the hands of the faid commiffioners, affignee or affignees, to the officer who fhall ar-reft him, her or them, and making it appear,to fuch officer, that fuch notice or fummons is figned by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, or fuch affignee or affignees, and giving fuch officer a copy thereof, fhall be immediately difcharged. Penalty on And in cafe any officer fhall detain fuch bankrupt or bankrupts officer detain- (after he, (he or they fhall have fhewn fuch notice or fummons mg bankrupts. tQ	anc{ macje jt appear it was figned as aforefaid) in his

cuftody, fuch officer fhall forfeit and pay to fuch bankrupt, for his own ufe, the fum of five pounds for every day fuch officer fhall detain fuch bankrupt, to be recovered by adlion of debt in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninfter, in the name or names of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, with full cofts of fuit.

VI. Pro-

and be free



Anno quinto Georgii II. c.30'. 339

VI.	Provided always, and be it farther enadled, That in cafe Bankrupts in any bankrupt be in prifon or in cuftody at the time of ifluing of cuilody to the faid commiffion as aforefaid, and is willing to furrender and

fubmit to be examined according to the directions of this a<5l, mjfp10ners at and can be brought before the faid commiffioners and creditors the creditors for that purpofe, the expence thereof fhall be paid out of the expence ; faid bankrupt’s eftate and effedts: but in cafe fuch bankrupt is in execution, or cannot be brought before the commiffioners, mi*fl0ners to that then the adling commiffioners (hall from time to time at- attend them , tend the faid bankrupt in prifon or cuftody, and take his or her in prifon. difcovery, as in other cafes *r and the affignees of the faid eftate fhall have power, and are hereby required to appoint one or more perfons to attend fuch bankrupt, being in prifon or in cuftody as aforefaid, from time to time, and to produce to him or her, his or her books, papers and writings, in order to prepare his or her laft difcovery and examination according to the directions before-mentioned; a copy whereof the affignees of the faid eftate fhall apply for, and the faid bankrupt fhall deliver to them or their order, ten days at leaf!: before fuch laft examination.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Allowance to That all and every perfon and perfons fo become or to become bankrupts, bankrupts as aforefaid, who fhall within the time limited by this

act furrender him, her or themfelves to the acting commiffioners named and authorized in or by any commiffion of bankrupt awarded or to be awarded againft him, her or them, and in all things conform, as in and by this act is directed, fhalljae allowed the fum of five pounds per centum out of the neat produce of all the eftate that fhall be recovered in and received; which fhall be paid unto him, her or them by the affignee or affignees of\, ... .	,

the faid commiffioners, in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate,.. after fuch allowance made, fhall be fufficient to pay the creditors of the faid bankrupt, who have proved their debts under the faid commiffion, the fum of ten fhillings in the pound, and fo as the faid five pounds per centum fhall not amount in the whole to above the fum of two hundred pounds. And in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate fhall, over and above the allowance hereafter mentioned, be fufficient to pay the faid creditors the fum of twelve fhillings and fix pence in the pound for their refpecftive debts, that then all and every perfon or perfons fo conforming fhall be allowed the fum of feven pounds ten fhillings per centum out of fuch neat produce, to be paid by fuch affignee or affignees, fo as fuch feven pounds ten fhillings per centum fhall not amount in the whole to above the fum of two ‘ hundred and fifty pounds. And in cafe the neat produce of the faid eftate fhall, over and above the allowance hereafter made, be fufficient to pay the faid creditors the fum of fifteen fhillings in the pound for their refpedtive debts, that then all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo conforming fhall be allowed the fum of ten pounds per centum out of ftich neat produce, to be paid by the affignee or affignees, fo as fuch ten pounds per centum

Zz	fhall



34°	Anno	qumto Georgii II. c. 30.	[1732*

(hall not amount in the whole to above the fum of three hun-Bankrupts dred pounds; and every fuch bankrupt (hall be difcharged from freed^f6^	him, her or them due or owing at the time that he,

debts.I0IQ *he or theY did become bankrupt. And in cafe any fuch bankrupt (hall afterwards be arrefted, profecuted or impleaded for / R). ^V?^2XanY debt due before fuch time as he, fhe or they became bank-7 rupt, fuch bankrupt (hall be difcharged upon common bail, and ' (hall and may plead in general, that the caufe of fuch adion or tc . /	did accrue before fuch time as he, (he or they became bank-

rupts, and may give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; f	and the certificate of fuch bankrupt’s conforming, and the al-

lowance thereof according to the directions of this ad, (hall be and fhall be allowed to be fufficient evidence of the trading, bankruptcy, commiffion and other proceedings precedent to the obtaining fuch certificate, and a verdid (hall thereupon pafs for the defendant, unlefs the plaintiff in fuch adion can prove the faid certificate was obtained unfairly and by fraud, or unlefs the plaintiff in fuch adion can make appear any concealment by fuch bankrupt to the value of ten pounds; and if a verdid pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff fhall become nonfuited, or judgment be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant fhall recover his full cofts.

Bankrupts al- VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded by lowance if the the authority aforefaid,That if the neat proceed of fuch bankrupt’s effedsamount eftate fo to be difcovered, recovered and received, together with nottoTos. per what fliall beotherwife recovered and received, fhall not amount poun .	t0 f0 much as will pay all and every the creditors of fuch bank-

rupt, who fhall have proved their debts under the faid commiffion, the fum of ten (hillings in the pound for their refpedive debts, after all charges firft had and dedudted, that then and in fuch cafe fuch bankrupt fhall not be allowed the fum of five pounds per centum out of fuch eftate, as fhall be fo recovered in; but fhall be allowed and paid by the aflignees fo much money, as the faid affignees and cornmifiloners authorized as aforefaid fhall think fit to allow to fuch bankrupt, not exceeding three pounds per centum.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of 4June one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, in cafe any commiffion of bankruptcy fhall iflue againft any. perlon or per-fons, who after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty two fhall have been difcharged by virtue of this ad, or fhall have compounded with his, her or their creditors, or delivered to them his, her or their eftate or effeds, and been releafed by them, or been difcharged by any ad for the relief of infolvent debtors after the time aforefaid, that then and in either of thofe cafes the body and bodies only of fuch perfon and perfons conforming as aforefaid fhall be free from arreft and imprifonment by virtue of this ad; but the future In what cafes eftate and effeds of every fuch perfon and perfons fhall remain future effeds •	liable



*7320 Anno quinto GeoRGII IL C. 30.	341

liable to his, her or their creditors, as before the making of this Gf bankrupts a (ft (the tools of trade, the neceffary houfhold goods and furni- fan liable to ture, and neceffary wearing apparel of fuch bankrupt and his creditors, wife and children only excepted) unlefs the eftate of fuch per-fon or perfons, againft whom fuch commiffion fhall be awarded, fhall produce clear after all charges, fufficient to pay every creditor under the faid commiffion, fifteen (hillings in the pound for their refpedtive debts.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, On what con* That no difcovery upon oath or folemn affirmation to be made ditions certi-by any bankrupt or bankrupts of his, her or their eftate and ficates to be effects purfuant to this ad, fhall intitle fuch bankrupt or bank- lgne * rupts to the benefits allowed by this ad, unlefs the commiffioners authorized by fuch commiffion, or the major part of them, fhall in writing under their hands and feals certify to the lord chancellor or lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, that fuch bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have made a full difcovery of his, her or their eftate and effeds, and in all things conformed himfelf, herfelf or themfelves according to the dire&ions of this ad, and that there doth not appear to them any reafon to doubt of the truth of fuch difcovery, or that the fame is not a full difcovery ©f all fuch bankrupt’s eftate and effeds: and unlefs four parts in five in number and value of the creditors of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, who fhall be creditors for not lefs than twenty pounds refpedively, and who fhall have duly proved their debts under fuch commiffion, or fome other perfon by them refpedively duly authorized thereunto, fhall fign fuch certificate, and teftify their confent to fuch allowance and certificate, and to the faid bankrupt’s difeharge in purfuance of this ad, to be alfo certified by luch commiffioners; but the faid commiffioners fhall not certify the fame, till they fhall have proof by affidavit or affirmation in writing of fuch creditors, or of the perfon by them refpedively authorized for that purpofe, figning the faid certificate, and of the power and authority by which any perfon fhall be authorized by any creditor to fign fuch certificate for any creditor; which affidavit or affirmation, together with fuch warrant or authority to fign, fhall be laid before the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners of the great feal, with the faid certificate, in order for the allowing and confirming the fame; and unlefs fuch bankrupt make oath, or being of the people called Speakers, folemnly affirm in writing, That fuch certificate and coruent of the creditors thereunto were obtained fairly and without fraud; and unlefs fuch certificate fhall, after fuch oath or affirmation of the bankrupt, be allowed and confirmed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, or by fuch two of the juftices of the courts of King’s bench, common pleas or barons of the court of exchequer at IVeJlminJier, to whom the confederation of fuch certificate fhall be referred by the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners of the great feal for the

Z 3	time

342

Contra&s to induce creditors to iign certificates, void.

Perfons excepted from the benefits of this a£h

Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30.	[173-2.

time being; and any of the creditors of fuch bankrupt are allowed to be heard, if they (hall think fit, before the refpedlive perfons aforefaid, againft the making fuch certificate, and againft the confirmation thereof; nor fliall any commiflioner fign fuch certificate, till after four parts in f ve in number and value of the faid creditors frail have figned the fame as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every bond, bill, note, contradf, agreement or other fecurity whatsoever, to be made or given by any bankrupt, or by any other perfon, unto or to the ufe of or in truft for any creditor or creditors, or for the fecurity of the payment of any debt or fum of money due from fuch bankrupt at the time of hi$ becoming bankrupt, or any part thereof, between the time of his becoming bankrupt and fuch bankrupt’s difeharge, as a confideration, or to the intent to perfuade him, her or them to confent to or fign any fuch allowance or certifcate, fhall be wholly void an4 of no effedf; and the monies thereby fecured or agreed to be paid fliall not be recovered or recoverable; and the party fued on fuch bond, bill, note, contract or agreement fliall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence; any thing herein contained, or any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-forelaid, That nothing in this ad ihall be conftrued to extend, pr give or grant any privilege, benefit or advantage, to any bankrupt whatsoever, againft whom a commiflion of bankrupt under the great leal of Great Britain, fince the faid fourteenth day of May which was in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, hath iffued, or hereafter (hall iffue, who hath or fliall, for or upon marriage of any of his or her children, have given, advanced or paid above the value of one hundred pounds, unlefs he or flie (hall prove, or by his or her books fairly kept, or otherwife upon his or her oath, or being of the people called ghtakers, upon folemn affirmation, before the major part of the commiffioners in fuch commiffion named and authorized, that he or flie had at the time thereof, over and above the value fo given, advanced or paid, remaining in goods, wares, debts, ready money, or other eftate real or perfonal, lufficient to pay and fatisfy unto each and every perfon, to whom he or flie was any ways indebted, their full and entire debts; or who hath or fhail have loft in any one day the fum or value of five pounds, or .in the whole the fum or value of one hundred pounds within the fpace of twelve months next preceding his, her or their becoming bankrupt, in playing at or with cards, dice, tables, tennis, bowls, billiards, fhovelboard, or in or by cock-fighting, horfe-races, dog-matches or foot-races, or other paftimes, game or games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a fhare or part in the ftakes, wagers or adventures, or in or by betting on the fides or hands of fuch as do or fliall play, a<5t? ride or run as aforefaid, or that within one year before he or flie became bankrupt, fliall have loft the fum of one hundred pounds.



343

IJ32-]	Anno	quinto Georgii II. e. 30.

by one or more contracts for the purchafe, fale, refufal or delivery of any flock of any company or corporation whatsoever, or any parts or fhares of any government or publick funds or fec.urities, where every fucli contract was not to be performed within one week from the time of the making fuch contradl, or where the flock or other thing fo bought or fold was not actually transferred or delivered in purfuance of fuch contradh

XIII.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, Bankruptslm-That if any bankrupt who fhall have obtained his or her certi- prifoned after ficate from the adting commiflioners, and fuch certificate fhall

have been allowed and confirmed as by this adl is directed, fhall be difcharged. be taken in execution, or detained in prifon, on account of any debts due or owing before he or fire became bankrupt, by reafon that judgment was obtained before fuch certificate was allowed and confirmed, it fhall and may be lawful for any one or more of the judges of the cour;t, wherein judgment has been fo obtained againfl fuch bankrupt, on fuch bankrupt’s producing his or her certificate allowed and confirmed, to order any fheriff or fheriffs, bailiff or officer, gaoler or keeper of any -prifon, who hath or fhall have any fuch bankrupt in his cuflody, by virtue of any fuch execution, to difcharge fuch bankrupt out of cuflody on fuch execution without payment of any fee or reward; and fuch fheriff or fheriffs, bailiff or officer, gaoler or keeper is and are hereby required to difcharge fuch bankrupt out of cuflody accordingly, and is and are hereby indemnified from any adtion for an efcape for his or their fo doing.

XIV.	And be-it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Judges or ju-

That upon certificate made under the hands and feals of the faces may commiflioners by fuch commiffion authorized, or to be autho- grant war* rized, or the major part of them, that fuch commiffion is if-	ba^k^	~

fued, and fuch perfon or perfons proved before them to become rupts not	con-

bankrupt or bankrupts, it fhall and may be lawful to and for all forming.

or any of the juflices of his Majefly’s courts of King’s bench, or common pleas, or barons of the court of exchequer, and to and for all and every the juflices of the peace within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and they are hereby impowered and required, upon application to them for that pur-pofe made, to grant his or their warrant or warrants under his or their hands and feals for the taking and apprehending fuch perfon or perfons, and him, her or them to commit to the common gaol of the county where he, fhe or they fhall be fo apprehended and taken, there to remain until he, (he or they be removed by order of the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, by warrant under their hands and feals; and the gaoler Gaolerstogive or keeper, to whole cuflody fuch perfon or perfons fhall be com-mitted, is hereby required to take and receive fuch perfon onper- 1 1 fons into his cuflody, and forthwith to give notice to one or more of the faid commiflioners in the faid commiffion named, of fuch perfon or perfons being in his or their cullody, to the intent the feid commiflioners may fend their warrant to fuch gaoler or keep-

Z 4	a

Goods or books to be feized in prifons.

Anno cjuinto Georgii II. c. 30.	CT 73^•

er (which they are hereby ittfpowered and required forthwith to fend) for the delivering fuch bankrupt or bankrupts to the per-fon or perfons named in fuch warrant, who (hall be thereby authorized to convey and bring fuch perfon or perfons to the faid t:ommiffioners, in order to fuch examination and difcovery as aforefaid ; and the faid conamiftioners are hereby likewife authorized and impowered by fuch their warrant, or any other warrant, to take and feize any of the goods, wares, merchandizes and eftfedls of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (the neceflary wearing apparel of fuch bankrupt, or of his wife or children only excepted) and any of his, her or their books, papers or writings, which (hall be then in the cuftody or poffeftion of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or of any other perfon or perfons, in any prifon or prifons whatsoever, any cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-forefaid. That if any fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended and taken, (hall within the time or times allowed by this adf for that

Bankrupts fo PurP°^e? fabmit to be examined, and in all things conform, as apprehended, if he, (he or they had furrendred, as by this adt fuch bankrupt op conformi- or bankrupts is or are required, that then fuch perfon fo fub-ty> to have the mitting and conforming fhall have and receive the benefit of this benehtof the a(c^ t0 ajj Jntents and purposes, as if he, (lie or they had voluntarily come in and furrendred himfelf, herfelf or themfelves; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiftion-ers, or the major part of them, to examine as well by word of mouth, as on interrogatories in writing, all and every perfon and perfons, againft whom any commiflion of bankrupt is or fhall be awarded, touching all matters relating to the trade, dealings, eftate and effects of all and every fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and alfo to examine in the manner aforefaid all and every other perfon duly fummoned before, or prefent at any meeting of the faid commiftioners, or the major part of them, touching all matters relating to the perfon, trade, dealings, eftate and eftedts of all and every fuch bankrupt and bankrupts, and any adt or adls of bankruptcy committed by him, her or them, and alfo to take down or reduce into writing the anfwers of ver-

/ bal examinations of every fuch bankrupt or other perfon, had //]. SC. /0 O or taken before them as aforefaid; which examination fo taken Z/)'	ffcdown or reduced into writing, the party examined (hall and is

hereby required to lign and fubfcribe : and in cafe any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or other perfon or perfons, (hall refufe to Perfons not anfwer, or (hall not fully anfwer to the fatisfaciion of the com-aniwenng in- miftioners, or the major part of them, all lawful queftions put ofc™nmftfion- t0	^er or them, by the faid commiftioners, or the major

ers, to be im- part of them, as well by word of mouth, as by interrogatories piifoned, in writing, or (hall refufe to fign and fubfcribe his, her or their examination fo taken down or reduced into writing as aforefaid

(not

345

1732*] Anno qumto Georgii II. c. 30.

(not having a reafonable objection either to the wording thereof or otherwife, to be allowed by the faid commiflloners) it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifsioners, or the major part of them, by warrant under their hands and feals, to commit him, her or them to fuch prifon, as the faid commif-fioners, or the major part of them (hall think fit, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as fuch perfon or perfons fhall fubmit him, her or themfelves to the faid commifsioners, and full anfwer make to the fatisfadlion of the faid commifsioners to all fuch queftions as fhall be put to him, her or them as aforefaid, and fign and fubfcribe fuch examination as aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt.

XVII.	Provided always, That in cafe any perfon or perfons to be particu-fhall be committed by the faid commifsioners for refufing to an- larly fpedfied fwer, or not fully anfwering any queftion or queftions put to in the war~ him, her or them, by the faid commifsioners by word of mouth, r 11 *

vor on interrogatories, that the faid commifsioners fhall, in their warrant of commitment, fpecify fuch queftion or queftions.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any perfon or perfons if Habeas Cor-committed by the commifsioners warrant, by virtue of this or pus be

any other adts now in force concerning bankrupts, fhall bring brought on any Habeas Corpus in order to be difcharged from any fuch ment!°mmlt~ commitment, and on the return of any fuch Habeas Corpus, there fhall appear any fuch infufficiency whatsoever in the form of the warrant, whereby fuch perfon was committed, by reafon whereof the party might be difcharged of fuch commitment; that then it (hall and may be lawful for the court or judge, before whom fuch party fhall be fo brought by Habeas Corpus as the aforefaid, and fuch court or judge fhall, and is hereby required, recommit theT by rule, order or warrant, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to prifoner. the fame prifon, there to remain as aforefaid, until he, fhe or they fhall conform as aforefaid, unlefs it fhall be made appear to fuch court or judge by the party committed, that he, fhe or., they have fully anfwered all lawful queftions put to him, her or them by the faid commifsioners; or in cafe fuch perfon was committed for not figning his, her or their examination, unlefs it fhall appear to fuch court or judge, that the party fo committed had a good and fufficient reafon for refufing to fign the fame: and in cafe any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, to whom any fuch Penalty on bankrupt or bankrupts, perfon or perfons fhall be fo commit- gaoler for ted as aforefaid, fhall wilfully fuffer fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fcaPe 5°°** perfon or perfons, to efcape from fuch prifon, or to go without the walls or doors of the faid prifon, until he, fire or they fhall be duly difcharged as aforefaid, fuch gaoler or keeper fhall for fuch his offence, being duly convidted by indictment or information, forfeit live hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for the ufe of the creditors of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That the gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon as aforefaid, fhall upon rcqueft of any perfon or

t	perfons*



346	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII II. C. 30.	[1732.

perfons, being a creditor or creditors of fuch bankrupt, and having proved his, her or their debt, under the faid commiffion, and producing a certificate thereof under the hands of the faid commifiioners, or the major part of them, (which fuch com-.• miflioners are hereby required to give gratis) forthwith produce and (hew fuch perfon or perfor^ To committed as aforefaid to any fuch creditor or creditors requeuing the fame: and in cafe fuch gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon (hall refufe to (hew, or fhall not forthwith produce fuch perfon or perfons fo committed as aforefaid, and being in his acftual cuftody at the time of fuch requeft, to fuch creditor or creditors of fuch bankrupt, requeft-ing to fee fuch perfon or perfons committed as aforefaid, fuch Penalty on	gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon fhall forfeit for fuch his wilful

gaoler refuf- refufal or negledl the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful Ids priloner?Ce money of Great Britain, for the ufe of the creditors of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, to be recovered by acftion of debt in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminfler, in the name or names of the creditor or creditors requeuing.fuch fight of fuch prifonere

Allowance to XX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, perfons mak- That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall at any time ing difcovery after the time allowed to fuch bankrupt to furrender and con-cftatclkm^tS ^orm as aforefaid, voluntarily come and make difcovery of any part of fuch bankrupt’s eftate not before come to the knowledge of the affignees, either to the faid affignees, or to the faid com-miflioners authorized as aforefaid, or the major part of them, fhall be allowed five pounds per centum, and fuch further and other reward, as the affignees and the major part of the creditors in value prefent at any meeting of the creditors (hall think fit, to be paid out of the neat proceed of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, which fhall be recovered on fuch difcovery, which (hall be paid to the perfon or perfons fo difcovering the fame, by the aftignee or affignees of fuch bankrupt’s eftate, and the aftignee or affignees (hall be allowed the fame in their accounts.

Pen alt on XXI. And for the better difcovery of the eftate of a bankrupt, perfons con- be lt enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every per-eealin# effects (on and perfons who fhall have accepted of any truft or trufts, m mut. ancl fhall wilfully conceal or protedt any eftate, real or perfonal, of any perfon or perfons becoming bankrupt as aforefaid, from" his, her or their creditors, and (hall not within forty-two days next after fuch commiffion fhall ifliie forth, and notice thereof be given in the London Gazette, difcover and difclofe fuch truft and eftate in writing to one or more of the commiffioners or affignees of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts eftate, and likewife fubmit him or herfelf to be examined by the commiffioners, in and by the faid commiffion authorized, or the major part of them, if thereunto required, and truly difcover the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and double the value of the eftate either real or perfonal fo concealed, to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid creditors, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majefty’s

courts

Hosted by

Google

1732-] Anno quinto Georgii II. C.30;	34^

courts of record at Wejlminfter, in the name of the aflignee or affignees of the faid commiffioners, in which cafe full cofts (hall be allowed to either party.

XXII.	And whereas by an aft made iti the feventh year of his late

Majeftys reign, intituled, An a<5t for the explaining and making 7<jeo* 31*

more effectual the feveral ads concerning bankrupts, perfons taking

pills, bonds, promijfory notes, or other perfonal feturity for their money

payable at a future day, enabled to prove their debts under a com-

miffion of bankruptcy^ but not to petition for or join in petitioning for

any new commifjion, which having been found to be inconvenient: now

it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of ]^er^ondf or

the faid ad as difables any fuch perfon from petitioning for or J^es°”ay °r

joining in any petition for a commiffion againft: any perfon or petition for

perfons who have before committed any ad of bankruptcy, is commiffions.

hereby repealed: and it lhall and may be lawful hereafter for

fuch perfon to petition for or join in petitioning for any fuch

commiffion of bankruptcy; any thing in the faid ad contained

to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And for preventing the taking out commiffions of Conditions of bankrupts malicioufly, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, granting com-That no commiffion of bankrupt under the great feal of Great millions. Britain (hall, after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand

feven hundred and thirty two, be awarded andiffued out againft any perfon whatsoever, upon the petition of one or more creditors, unlefs the (ingle debt of the creditor, or of two or more perfons being partners petitioning for the fame, do amount to the fum of one hundred pounds or upwards, or unlefs the debt of two creditors, fo petitioning as aforefaid, lhall amount to one hundred and fifty pounds or upwards, or unlefs the debt of three or more creditors, fo petitioning as aforefaid, (hall amount to two hundred pounds or upwards, and the creditor or creditors petitioning for fuch commiffion (hall, before the fame (hall be granted, make an affidavit, or being one of the people called Quakers) made a folemn affirmation in writing before one of the matters of the high court of chancery (which oath or affirmation they are hereby impowered to adminifter, and which (hall be filed with the proper officer) of the truth and realty of fuch his, her and their refpe£live debt and debts, likewife give bond to the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners of the great .feal for the time being, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, to be conditioned for proving his, her or their debts, as well before the commiffioners named in fuch commiffion as upon a trial at law, in cafe the due iffuing forth of the fame (hall be contefted and tried, and alfo for proving the party a bankrupt at the time of taking out fuch commiffion, and further to proceed on fuch commiffion as herein after is mentioned; and if fuch debt or debts fhall not be really due or owing, or if after fuch commiffion taken out it cannot be proved that the party was a bankrupt at the time of the iffuing of the faid commiffion, but on the contrary it (hall appear that fuch commiffion was taken out fraudulently or malicioully, that then the lord chancellor,

Topd

6



Armoquinto Georgii II. c. 30.	[	1733.

lord keeper or commiflioners of the great feal for the time being, fhall and may, upon petition of the party or parties grieved, examine into the fame, and order fatisfa&ion to be made to him, her or them for the damages by him, her or them fuftain-ed ; and for the better recovery thereof may, in cafe there be oc-caiion, affign fuch bertid or bonds to the party or parties fo petitioning, who may fue for the fame in his, her and their name and names -> any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXIV.	And whereas commijjions of bankrupts are frequently taken cut by perfons who by means of fuch commiffions (on a comp oftti on pro-pofed by the bankrupts) and on promife not to execute the fame, prevail with and extort from the bankrupts their whole debts, or much greater part thereof than fuch bankrupts pay to their creditor j, or otherwife get from fuch bankrupts goods or other real or perfonalfecurity, which is contrary to the true intent and meaning of the feveral Jlatutes made concerning bankrupts, which faid ftatutes intend, that all fuch bankrupts creditors Jhall be on an equal foot, and not one preferred before another, or paid more than another in refpedf of his or her debt: be it

Commiffions therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any bank-fraudulently rupt or bankrupts fhall, after iffuing of any commiffion againft obtained to be jler or them, pay to the perfon or perfons who fued out the fame, or otherwife give or deliver to fuch perfon or perfons goods or any other fatisfadlion or fecurity for his, her or their debt* whereby fuch perfon or perfons fuing out fuch commiffion (hall privately have and receive more in the pound in refpetft of his, her or their debt than the other creditors, fuch payment of money, delivery of goods, or giving greater or other fecurity or fatisfaeftion, fhall be deemed and taken to be fuch an a<5l of bankruptcy, whereby on good proof thereof fuch commiffion fhall and may be fuperfeded : and it fhall be lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, to award to any creditor or creditors petitioning another commiflion 5 and fuch perfon or perfons fo taking or receiving fuch goods or other fa-tisfadlion as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and lofe as well his, her or their whole debt, as the whole he, fhe or they fhall have taken or received, and fhall pay back and deliver up the fame or the full value thereof, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commif-fioners a<5h'ng under fuch new commiffion fhall appoint, in truft for and to be divided amongft the other of the bankrupt’s creditors in proportion to their refpetftive debts.

XXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the creditor or creditors who fhall petition for and obtain any commiffion of bankrupt, fhall be and is and are hereby o-bliged, at his, her or their own cofts and expences, to fue forth and profecute the fame, until an affignee or affignees fhall be chofen of fuch bankrupts eftate and eflFedls; and the commiflioners to be named in any fuch commiffion fhall, at the fame meeting which fhall be appointed for the choice of the affignees, afeertain fuch cofts, and by writing under their hands fhall di-

ftipej feded,

and another granted.

Penalty.

The charge of commiu fions to be paid by the affignees.



349

1732.]	Anno qulnto Georgii II. c. 30.

red and order the aflignee or affignees of fuch bankrupts eftate, who is and are hereby required to pay and reimburfe fuch petitioning creditor or creditors fuch his, her or their cods and charges as aforefaid, out of the firft monies or effeds of the faid crecj;tors bankrupt that fhall be got in and received under the faid com- prove debts ^ million; and every creditor of the faid bankrupt dial] be atji- without pay-berty to prove his, her or their debt or debts under the faid com- ing contribu-miflion, without paying any contribution or fum of money non* whatsoever for or on account of fuch debt or debts, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Notice of faid. That where any commiflion of bankrupt fhall iffue out meeting to be from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven §^ette ^ hundred and thirty two, the commiflioners therein named, or

the major part of them thereby authorized, fhall forthwith, after they have declared the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch commiflion fhall iffue a bankrupt or bankrupts, caufe notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette, and fhall appoint a time and place for the creditors to meet, which meeting for the city of London>and all places within the bills of mortality fhall be at the Guildhall of the faid city, in order to choofe an aflignee or Debts how to affignees of the faid bankrupt’s eftate and effeds; at which meet- prove£j. ingthe faid commiflioners (hall admit the proof of any creditor’s debt, that fhall live remote from the place of fuch meeting of the commiflioners, by affidavit, or, being of the people called jjh&z-&ers9 by folemn affirmation, and alfo permit any perfon duly authorized by letter of attorney from fuch creditors, oath or affirmation being made of the due execution thereof, either by an affidavit fworn or affirmation made before a mafter in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, or before the commiflioners viva voce (which oath or affirmation they are hereby refpedively authorized to adminifter) and in cafe of creditors refiding in foreign parts, fuch affidavits or folemn affirmations to be made before a magiftrate where the party fhall be refiding, and fhall together with fuch creditor’s letters of attorney be attefted by a notary publick, to vote in the choice of an aflignee or affignees of fuch bankrupt’s eftate and effeds in the place and Cj10'ce 0f ffead of fuch creditor ; and the comm iflioners, or the major part f10-nees. of them authorized, fhall aflign every fuch bankrupt’s eftate and & effeds unto fuch perfon or perfons as the major part in value of fuch creditors, according to the feveral debts then proved, fhall choofe as aforefaid; and the afsigneeor afsignees fo chofen fhall be obliged to keep one or more diftind book or books of account, wherein he or they fhall duly enter all fum and fums of money or other effeds, which he or they fhall have got in or received out of the faid bankrupt’s eftate, to which book or books of account every creditor who fhall have proved his or her debt fhall at all feafonable times have free refort, and infped the fame as often as he or fhe fhall think fit.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority what perfons aforefaid. That no creditor or any other perfon for and on the not qualified kehalf of any creditor fhall be permitted, to vote in fuch choice to choofe.

of



Mutual credit be fettled.

frJauU-^.Q

Penalty cn debts i'alfly

claimed.

Commiflion-ers may appoint aflig-nees.

Anno quinto GeoRGH II. C. 30.	[1732.

of affignee or afsignees, whofe debt or the debt of the perfon or perfons fo authorizing him to vote, (hall not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where it fhall appear to the faid commifsioners, or the major part of them, that there hath been mutual credit given by the bankrupt and any other perfon, or mutual debts between the bankrupt and any other perfon, at any time before fuch perfon became bankrupt, the faid commifsioners, or the major part of them, or the afsignees of fuch bankrupts eftate fhall flats the account between them and one debt may be fet againfl another ; and what fhall appear to be due on either fide on the balance of fuch account, and on fetting fuch debts againfl one another, and no more, fhall be claimed or paid on either fide refpedlively.

XXIX.	And zvhereas many abufes have been made and committed by pretended creditors of bankrupts, be it enadted by the authority a-forefaid, That if any perfon at any time hereafter fhall, before the adting commiffioners in any commifsion of bankrupt, or by affidavit or affirmation exhibited to them, fwear or depofe, or, being of the people called Quakers^ affirm, that any fum of money is due to him or her from any bankrupt or bankrupts, which fum of money is not really due or owing, or fhall fwear or affirm, that more is due than is really due or owing, knowing the fame to be not due or owing, and that fuch oath or affirmation is falfe and untrue, and being thereof convidted by indictment or information, fuch perfon fhall fuffer the pains and penalties inflidted by the feveral ftatutes made and now in force againfl wilful perjury, and fhall moreover be liable to pay double the fum fo fworn or affirmed to be due or owing as aforefaid, to be recovered and levied as other penalties and forfeitures are upon penal ftatutes after convidtion to be levied and recovered ; and fuch double fum fhall be equally divided among all the creditors feeking relief under the faid commifsion.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners authorized as aforefaid, or the major part of them, as often as they fhall fee caufe, for the better preferving and fecuring the bankrupt’s e-ilate, immediately to appoint one or more affignee or afsignees of the eftate and effedts or any part thereof; which afsignee or afsignees, or any of them, fhall or may be removed or difplaced at the meeting of the creditors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, for the choice of afsignees, if they or the major part in value of them (whofe debts refpebtively amount to ten pounds or upwards as aforefaid) then prefent, and of fuch perfons duly authorized as aforefaid, fhall think fit; and fuch afsignee or af-fignees as fhall be fo removed and difplaced fhall deliver up and afsign all the eftate and effedts of fuch bankrupt which fhall have come to his or their hands or poffefsion, or which fhall have been afsigned by the faid commifsioners as aforefaid, unto fuch other afsignee or afsignees who fhall be fo chofen by the creditors as aforefaid ; and all the eftate and effedts of the bankrupt which fhaU be delivered up or afsigned, fhall be, to all intents



1732.] Anno quinto GeoRgii II. c.30.	351

and purposes, as effe&ually and legally veiled in fuch new af-fignee or afsignees as if the firft afsignment had been made to him or them by the faid commifsioners: and if fuch firft af-fignee or afsignees (hall refufe or negledl by the fpace of ten days next after notice given of the faid choice of fuch new afsignee or afsignees, and of his and their confent to accept fuch afsignment, fignified to the firft afsignee or afsignees by writing under his or their hand or hands, to make fuch afsignment and delivery as aforefaid, every fuch firft afsignee or afsignees lhall refpedlively penaity cm forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be divided and di- firft aifignees ftributed amongft the creditors, towards fatisfadlion of their not delivering debts, in fuch manner as the eftate of the bankrupt is or ought UP ^lie

7	•	1	O	JJjg	n/£w

to be divided and diftributed, and to be recovered by adlion of ones debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfer, by fuch perfon or perfons as fuch the major part of the commifsioners, authorized as aforefaid, fhall appoint to fue for the fame, with full cofts of fuit, wherein no privilege, protection or wager in law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed j any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And whereas it ?nay be found necejjary, that as well af-fignments of bankrupts efates already made by commiffioners, as alignments hereafter to be made purfiiant to the choice of creditors, floould be vacated, and a new alignment or alignments be made of the debts and effefls unreceived and not difpofed by the then ajfgnees to other perfons Notice of re-to be chofen by the creditors as aforefaid: be it therefore enacted and movakto ^ declared by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be Gazette lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, upon petition of any creditors, to make fuch order therein as he or they fhall think juft and reafonable : and in cafe a new afsignment fhall be ordered to be made as aforefaid, that then fuch debts, effects and eftate of fuch bankrupt fhall be thereby effectually and legally vefted in fuch new afsignee or af-fignees; and it fhall and may be lawful for him and them to fue for the fame in his or their name or names, and to difchargeany action or fuit, or to give any acquittance for fuch debts as effectually to all intents and purpofes as the afsignee or afsignees in the former afsignment might have done in cafe no new af-fignment had been made, any thing herein or in any former act contained or made to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and that the faid commifsioners (hall caufe publick notice to be given in the two London Gazettes that fhall immediately follow the removal of fuch afsignee or afsignees, and the appointment of fuch other afsignee or afsignees as aforefaid, that fuch afsignee or afsignees is or are removed, and fuch other afsignee or af-fignees appointed if! his or their (lead, and that fuch perfons as are indebted to the faid bankrupt’s eftate, do not pay fuch debt or debts to fuch afsignee or afsignees as fhall be removed as a-forefaid.

XXXII.	And whereas by reafon of the monies which are lodged in

the



352

Creditors, before choofing affignees, to fix the method of dividends.

Method of making dividends.

Anno quinto Georgii II. C.30.	[1732.

the hands of affignees until a dividend is made, ajfignees do oftentimes delay the dividing thereof to the very great prejudice of the hank-rupt's creditors: for preventing whereof, and to the end affig-nees may make fpeedy dividends of the eftate and effedts of fuch bankrupts, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That before the creditors fhall proceed to the choice of an affignee or affignees of any bankrupt’s eftate, the major part in value of the faid bankrupt’s creditors then prefent (hall, if they think fit, diredf in what manner, how, and with whom and where the monies arifing by, and to be received from time to time out of the bankrupt’s eftate, fhall be paid in and remain until the fame fhall be divided amongft all the creditors as by this adt is directed; to which rule and direction every fuch affignee and affignees, afterwards to be chofen, fhall conform, as often as one hundred pounds fhall be got in and received from fuch bankrupt’s eftate, and fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do in purfuance of fuch direction of the faid creditors as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons chofen or who fhall be chofen affignee or affignees of the eftate and effects of fuch bankrupt, fhall, at fome time after the expiration of four months and within twelve months from the time of iffuing of fuch commiffion, caufe at leaft twenty one days publick notice to be given in the London Gazette, of the time and place the commiffioners and affignees intend to meet, to make a dividend or diftribution of fuch bankrupt’s eftate and effedls; at which time the creditors, who have not before proved their debts, ihall then be at liberty to prove the fame; which meeting for the city of London and all places within the bills of mortality, fhall be at the Guildhall of the faid city; and upon every fuch meeting the affignee or affignees fhall produce, to the faid commiffioners and creditors then prefent, fair and juft accounts of all his and their receipts and payments touching the faid bankrupt’s eftate and effects, and of what fhall remain out Handing, and the particulars thereof; and fhall, if the creditors then prefent, or the major part of them, require the fame, be examined upon oath, or, being of the people called ^Quakers, upon folemn affirmation before the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, touching the truth of fuch accounts; and in fuch accounts the faid affignee or affignees fhall be allowed and retain all fuch fum and fums of money as they ihall have paid and expended in filing out and prolecuting of fuch commiffion, and all other juft allowances, on account of and by reafon or means of their being affignee or affignees ; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, fhall order fuch part of the neat produce of the faid bankrupt’s eftate, as by fuch accounts or otherwife fhall appear to be in the hands of the faid affignees, as they or the major part of them fhall think fit, to be forthwith divided a-mongft fuch of the bankrupt’s creditors, who have duly proved their debts under fuch commiffion, in proportion to their fe-

veral



353

Anho qujnto Georgii II. c.30.

vCral and refpe&ive debts; Sind the Commiffioners, or the major part of them, fhall make fuch their order for a dividend in writing under their hands, and fhall caufe one part of fuch order to be filed amongft the proceedings under the faid com-miflion, and fhall deliver unto each of the aflignee or aflignees, under fuch commiflion, a duplicate of fuch their order likewife Under the hands of the faid commiffioners; which order of diflribution fhall contain an account of the time and place of making fuch order, and the fum total or Quantum of all the debts proved under the faid commiflion, and the fum total of the money remaining in the hands of the aflignee or aflignees to be divided, and how much in particular in the pound is then ordered to be paid to every creditor under the faid commiflion; and the faid aflignee or aflignees, in purfuance of fuch order, and without any deed or deeds of diflribution to be made for that purpofe, fhall forthwith make fuch dividend and dif* tribution accordingly, and fhall take receipts, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, from each creditor, for the part or (hare of fuch dividend or diflribution which he or they fhall make and pay to each creditor refpetftively; and fuch order and receipt , fhall be a full and effectual difcharge to fuch aflignee, for fo much as he fhall fairly pay, purfuant to fuch order as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And whereas affignees are, and may fometimes he pre~ vented from making fuch fpeedy dividends of the eftate and effects of bankrupts, as by this aft is intended, by reafon of debts due, dr pretended and claimed to be due from fuch bankrupts, .upon long and in-tricate accounts or demands, which are difputed or not admitted by the commiffioners and creditors to be juft and fair debts, and fuch claimants are thereby obliged to after tain fuch their demands by a ft ions or fuits in law or equity, which are oftentimes many years depending, and many other differences and difficulties do arife under com?niffions of bankrupts, which might be determined by arbitration, ifaffignees had power to fubmit the fame; be it therefore enacfled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Aflignees, aflignee or aflignees of any bankrupt’s eftate and effecis, by and content with the confent of the major part in value of the bankrupt’s creditors, !who fhall have duly proved their debts under fuch dVputes to commiflion, and who fhall be prefent at any meeting of the arbitration, faid creditors, purfuant to notice to be for that purpose given in the London Gazette, to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch aflignee or aflignees, and any perfon or perfons whatsoever, for or on account, or by reafon or means of any matter, caufe or thing whatsoever, relating to fuch bankrupt dr bankrupts, his, her or their eftate or effects, to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chofen by the faid aflignee or aflignees, and the major part in value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they fhall have fuch difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or other-wife to compound and agree the matters in difference and difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid aflignee or aflignees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, fhall think fit, and can Vol, XVI.	A	a	agree



354	Anno	quinto	Georgii	II.	c.	30:	[1732.

agree, and the fame fhall be binding to all the creditors of the faid bankrupt or bankrupts; and the aflignees are hereby indemnified for what they fhall fairly do according to the direction aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it further alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That any affignee or aflignees made or chofen as aforefaid, fhall be, and is and are hereby impowered, by and with the confent of the major part of fuch bankrupt’s creditors in value, who fhall be prefent at a meeting to be had for that purpofe, of which publick notice fhall be given in the London Gazette, to make compofltion with any perfon or perfons, debtors or accountants to fuch bankrupts, where the fame fhall appear neceflary and reafonable, and to take fuch reafonable part as can upon fuch compofltion be gotten, in full difcharge of fuch debts and accounts; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That after fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhall have obtained his, her or their certificate, and the fame fhall be duly

temTCaffi°nees con^rrnec^ as herein is mentioned, every fuch bankrupt or bank-inTetdin? €S ruPts fhad? and is, and are hereby obliged to give his, her or accounts!* their attendance, upon every reafonable notice in writing, to be given to him, her or them, or to be left at his, her or their ufual place of abode, by the aflignee or aflignees, or their order, thereby requiring him, her or them, to attend the aflignee or aflignees of fuch bankrupt’s eflate, in order to make up, adjufl: or fettle any account or accounts between fuch bankrupt or bankrupts and any debtor to or creditor of fuch bankrupt’s eflate, or to attend any court or courts of record, in order to be examined touching the fame, or for fuch other bufmefs, which fuch aflignee or aflignees fhall judge neceflary for getting in the faid bankrupt’s eflate and efiedls, for the benefit of his, her or their creditors; for which faid attendance the bankrupt fhall be attendance^01' a^owec^ and paid the l'um of two Shillings and fix pence per diem by fuch affignee or aflignees out of the bankrupt’s eflate; and in cafe fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhall negledf or refufe to attend, or, on fuch attendance, fhall refufe to aflift in fuch dif-covery, without good and fufficient caufe to be fhewn to the commiflioners, or the major part of them, for fuch his, her or their negledl or refufal, to be by them allowed as fufficient, fuch affignee or aflignees making due proof thereof upon oath, or, being of the people called ghiakers, upon folemn affirmation before the faid commiflioners authorized as aforefaid, or the major part of them, the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered and required to iflue a warrant or warrants, directed to fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall think proper, for apprehending fuch bankrupt or bankrupts. Imprisonment and him, her or them to commit to the county gaol, there to on non-atten- remain in clofe cuftody without bail or mainprize, until he, fhe djnce*	or	they	fhall	duly	conform	to	the	fatisfadtion	of	the	faid	com-

miifioners authorized as aforefaid, and be by the faid commiflioners.

Aflignees with confent of creditors may compound debts.

Bankrupts, after allowance of cer-



1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. C.30.	355

miffioners, or the fpecial order of the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, or otherwife by due courfe of law difcharged; and fuch gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon to which fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhall be committed, is hereby required to keep fuch perfon or perfons in clofe cuftody within the walls of the faid prifon, until he, (he or they be duly difcharged as aforefaid, under the pains and penalties before mentioned, for fuch gaoler or keeper buffering fuch prifoners, committed purfuant to this acft, to efcape and go at large.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority afore- Final dividend faid, That within eighteen months next after the iftuing of within 18 any fuch commifsion as aforefaid, the afsignee or afsignees (hall months, make a fecond dividend of the bankrupt’s eftate and effects,

in cafe the fame was not wholly divided upon the firft dividend, and (hall caufe a notice to be inferted in the London Gazette, of the time and place the faid commifsioners intend to meet to make a fecond dividend and diftribution of fuch bankrupt’s eftate or effects, and for the creditors, who (hall not before have proved their debts, to come and prove the fame; and at fuch meeting every fuch afsignee or afsignees fhall produce upon oath or affirmation as aforefaid, his, her or their account or accounts of the bankrupt’s eftate and effecfts, and what upon the balance thereof fhall appear to be in his, her or their hands, (hall, by the like order of the commifsioners, or the major part of them, be forthwith divided amongft fuch of the bankrupt’s creditors who (hall have made due proof of their debts, in proportion to their feveral and refpecftive debts; which fecond dividend (hall be final, unlefs any fuit at law or£Xceptj011^ in equity (hall be depending, or any part of the eftate ftand- ' P ing out, that cannot have been difpofcd of, or that the major part of the creditors fhall not have agreed to be fold and difpofed of in manner aforefaid, or unlefs Tome other or future eftate or effects of the faid bankrupt (hall afterwards come to or veft in the faid afsignee or afsignees ; in which cafe the faid afsignee or aftignees fhall, as foon as may be, convert fuch future or other eftate and effedfs into money in manner „ aforefaid, and (ha-11, within two months next after the fame fhall be converted into money as aforefaid, by the like order of the commifsioners, or the major part of them, divide the fame among fuch bankrupts creditors who (hall have made due proof of their debts under fuch commifsion.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That no fuit in equity (hall fu;f jn e

be commenced by any afsignee or afsignees, without the con-qUjty'to^s’ fent of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch bank-commenced rupt, who (hall be prefent at a meeting of the creditors, pur-without con-fuant to notice to be given in the London Gazette for thatierit cre^ purpofe.	-	t0i5‘

XXXIX.	And whereas perfons dealing as hankerj, brokers and fablers^ are frequently intrujled with great fums of money, and with goods and effects of very great value belonging to other perfons: it is

Aaz	hereby



35^

Bankers, brokers and factors liable to ftatutes. Perfons not liable.

Proceedings to be entred on record,

by direction of the lord chancellor.

Anno quinto GeoRGH II. C. 30.	- [1732.

hereby further enabled. That fueh bankers* brokers and favors, Q^all be and are hereby declared to be fubjedft and liable to this and other the ftatutes made concerning bankrupts.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That no farmer,- grazier or drover of cattle, or any perfon or perfons, who is or are, or fhall be receiver general of the taxes granted by act of parliament, (hall be in titled as fuch to any of the benefits given by this acft, or be deemed a bankrupt within the fame, or within any of the ftatutes now in force concerning bankrupts; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And whereas commijjions of bankrupts ^ and the depofitions taken before the commiftoners of bankrupts, and the proceedings upon fuch conmifiions, are mo ft commonly kept by fuch perfons as adi as clerks or fecretaries to fuch commifftoners, and by reafon of the death of fuch clerks or fecretaries are many times lof and mifaid, by means whereof fuch perfons as have or may purchafe any meffuages, land$> tenements or hereditaments, under any commiffton grounded upon the fatutes made concerning bankruptr, may be difabled to make out their right and title to the fame: and there being no certain place where the creditors of any bankrupt, or any perfon or perfons claiming any efate or intereft in any meffuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, by or under any fuch commiffton as aforefaid, can have recourfe to fuch commiffton and the proceedings thereupon ; and fuch commiJfionsy depofitions and proceedings, in cafie they can be produced, are ?iot at prefient of record, nor can be given in evidence, which may be of very evil confequence to fuch pur chafers or perfons claiming as aforefaid: be it therefore enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the petition of any perfon or perfons to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain, praying that fuch commiflions, and the depofitions taken thereon, or any part of fuch depofitions, and fuch certificates fo to be allowed and confirmed as aforefaid, or any certificates heretofore allowed and confirmed, or any other matters or things relating to the faid commiflions, or the proceedings thereupon, may be entred of record, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal, fhall and may dired and order fuch commiflions, depofitions, proceedings and certificates, or other matters or things, to be entred of record; and in cafe of the death of the witnefles proving fuch bankruptcy, or in cafe the faid commiflions, depofitions, proceedings, or other matters or things,, (hall be loft or miflaid, a true copy of the record of fuch commiflions, depofitions and proceedings, or other matters or things, figned and attefted as herein after is mentioned, fhall and may upon all occafions, be given in evidence to prove fuch commiflions, and the bankruptcy of fuch perfon, againft whom fuch commiflion hath been or fhall be awarded, or other matters or things; any law, ulage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding: and all certificates which have been allowed and confirmed, or to be allowed and confirmed, and entred of record as aforefaid,

or >

Hosted by

Google

357

1732.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30,

or a true copy of every certificate figned and attefted as herein after is mentioned, fhall and may be given.in evidence in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, and be without any further proof, deemed, adjudged and taken, to be a full and effedlual bar and difcharge of and againft any action or fuit, which fhall be commenced or brought by any creditor or creditors of fuch bankrupt, for any debt or demand contracted, due or demandable before the iffuing of fuch commiffion, unlefs any creditor or creditors of the perfon that hath fuch certificate, fhall prove that fuch certificate was fraudulently obtained; in which cafe cofts fhall be allowed to either party, as in other common cafes: and to the end any creditor or other perfon or perfons may know where to fearch and fee whether fuch com-million hath iflued, and find what depofitions have been taken by virtue thereof, and what proceedings have been thereupon* and whether the faid bankrupt hath made fuch affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, and whether fuch certificates are entred of record as aforefaid, and all other matters or things which fhall be entred of record in purfuance of this ad, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal fhall appoint a certain proper place near the inns of court, where all and every the matters aforefaid fhall be entred of record, where all perions fhall be at liberty to fearch and fee if the fame are duly entred of record ; and the lord chan- Liberty to cellor, lord keeper or commiffioners fhall, by a writing under fcarcll» his or their hands, appoint a proper perfon, who fhall, by himfelf, or his fufficient deputy, to be approved by the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners, by a writing under his or their hands, enter of record fuch commiffions, depofitions, proceedings and certificates, and other matters and things, and have the cuftody of the entries thereof; and alfo appoint fuch fee and reward to be paid to fuch perfon for his labour and pains therein, as the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners fhall think reafonable, not exceeding what is ufually paid in the like cafes; and that the perfon fo to be appointed, and his deputy, fhall continue to enter of record all and every the matters and things aforefaid, and to have the cuftody of the fame, fo long as he or they fhall re^ fpe6tively behave themfelves well in entring the fame of re-> cord, and keeping fuch entries, and fhall not be removed, but by order in writing under the hand of the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commifsioners, on a good and fufficient caufe therein fpecified; and in cafe fuch perfon fhall die, or be as aforefaid removed, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commifsioners for the time being fhall and may, in writing under his or their hands, appoint another perfon to enter the fame of record, who fhall have the cuftody of the entries thereof, and fhall have and receive the like fee and reward for his la-. hour and pains therein.

XLII. And whereas the filing out and profecuting of commiffions tf bankrupt is at pvefent very expenfivey to the great prejudice of

A a 3	the



35&	Anno	quinto	Georgii	II. c.30.	[1732.

the bankrupt and his creditors-, be it further enadted by‘the au-Claufe to pre-thority aforefaid, That there fhall not be paid or allowed by vent unnecef- the creditors, or out of the eftate of the bankrupt, any monies fary expences. whatioever for expences in eating or drinking of the commif-fioners, or of any other perfons at the times of the meeting of the faid commifsioners, or any of the creditors: and that no fchedule fhall be annexed to any deed of afsignment of the per-fonal eftate of fuch bankrupt from the commifsioners to the afsignee or afsignees of the faid eftate : and if any commifsio-ner or commifsioners in any commifsion fhall order any fuch expence to be made, or eat or drink at any fuch meeting at the charge of the creditors, or out of the eftate of fuch bankrupt, or receive or take above the fum of twenty (hillings each commiffioner for each refpedtive meeting, every fuch commif-ftoner fo offending (hall be difabledfor ever to ad! as a commiffioner in fuch or any other commiflion founded on this ad!, or any of the ftatutes made concerning bankrupts.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commillioners authorized as aforefaid, and every of them, fhall not be capable of adfing as a commifsioner or commifsioners in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given and granted by this prelent adt, or any other ad! or adls of parliament now in force concerning bankrupts, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-two (unlefs it be the power hereby given of adminiftring oaths to commifsioners) until fuch time as he and they refpedlively (hall have taken an oath to the effed! following; that is to fay,

Commiflion- TT A.B. do Jwsar, that I will faithfully, impartially and honeftly, ers oath,	according	to	the	heft	of	my	Jkill and knowledge, execute the fe-

ver al powers and trufts repofed in me as a commijftoner in a comiriij-ft on of bankrupt agalnft

and that without favour or affe£liony prejudice or malice.

So help me God.

amemoii 1 XLIV. Which oath any two or more of the faid commif-thereof to be fi0iiers are hereby impowered and required to adminifter to entred.	each other in the fame commifsion named and authorized;

and they the faid commifsioners (hall and are hereby required to enter and keep a memorial or memorials thereof, figned by them refpectively, among the depofitions and other proceedings on each refpedtive commifsion that fhall be iffued forth by virtue of this ad!, or any other ad! or ad!s of parliament now in force concerning bankrupts.

Commiflions XLV. And be it further enad!ed by the authority aforefaid, b° the death	no	c°namifsion	of	bankrupt	(hall	abate	by	reafon of the

ot^hisJVIajefly, death of his prefent Majesty (whom God long preferve) his &c.	heirs or fucceflors, but fuch commifsions fhall continue in

full force; and if it fhall be neceffary to renew any fuch com-

miftion



359

i?32-] Anno quinto GeoRGH II. c. 30.

mifsion by reafon of the death of the corn mi fsi oners named in fuch commifsion, fo that a fufficient number of commifsioners fhall not be living, who can a 61 therein, or for any other caufe, in every fuch cafe fuch commifsion fhall be renewed, and but half of the fees ufually paid upon granting or obtaining of commifsions of bankrupt fhall be paid for any fuch renewed commifsions.

XLVI. And to the end that commifsions of bankrupt may Bills of fees, be carried on and profecuted with as little expence as reafon- See. to befet-ably may be, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all ^e^hy_a bills of fees or difburfements claimed or demanded by any foil- ^acery. citor, clerk or attorney imployed under any commifsion of bankrupt fhall be fettled, adjufled and certified by one of the mailers of the court of chancery; and fo much as the mailer fhall certify to be due to fuch clerk, folicitor or attorney, and no more, fhall be paid by the afsignee under fuch commif-fion; and the mailer who fhall fettle and adjult fuch bill, fhall have and receive for his care in fettling and adjufling the fame, as alfo for his certificate thereof, the fum of twenty fhillings, and no more.

XLVII. And whereas feveral bankrupts have, either through inadvertency or the intricacy and multiplicity of their affairs, failed to obtain, within the time limited, certificates allowed as directed by a claufe in an aft paffed in the third year of the reign of his pre~ fent Majefly (amongfi other things) for relief of bankrupts whofe certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late aft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, now expired, notwithjianding they have difeovered all their eft ate and effefts, and delivered the fame up for the benefit of their creditors, and been conformable unto the faid aft in other particulars; be it therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every Certificates of bankrupt and bankrupts, who was or were declared a bankrupt bankrupts be-or bankrupts on or before the fourteenth day of May one thou- f°re *4- May fand feven hundred and twenty-nine, and have difeovered all their eflate and effedls, and have delivered up the fame for the finned benefit of their creditors, fhall be intitled to all and fingular the relief, benefit and advantages, and be fubjedl and liable to all the penalties mentioned or contained in the a61 of parliament paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefly king George the Firfl, intituled, An aft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, if they already have obtained, or fhall hereafter, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, obtain certificates of their conformity purfuant to the faid a61; and fuch certificates fhall be allowed and confirmed as the faid acl directs ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XLVIII. And whereas aftions may have been brought againft fuch bankruptS) and other proceedings had thereupon, forcaufes and matters arifing and growing due before the time of the bankruptcy of filch bankrupts> be it further enadted by the authority afore-

Aa^	fold*



3 6o

and proceedings againfl them dif-charged.

Duration of the adl. Continued by ^Geo.^. c.57. fedl, 8,

Anno quinto GeoRGII II.' 0.31,	[1732.

faid, That all fuch actions, and all proceedings thereon for any fuch caufes or matters, fhall be and are hereby difcharged againfl: fuch bankrupts and their bail fo obtaining fuch certify cates allowed as aforefaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That this adl fhall continue and be in force for the fpace of three years from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next fefsion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for appointing commijfioners for taking, fating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of The charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by affifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal intereft •, and of all perfons claiming any (hare or intereft in the flock or fund of the faid corporation, and for enabling the faid corporation to name■ one perfon to be an afflgyiee under the refpeftive commijfions of bankruptcy awarded againfl George Robinfon and John Thornfon , and for enabling the commijfioners afting under the faid commijflons of bankruptcy to proceed and inquire of the eflates, goods and ejfefts of the faid bankrupts^ and to apply the fame 3 and to oblige John Thomson, father of the faid John Thomfon the bankrupt, to appear before the faid commijfioners of bankruptcy in England,

WHEREAS many and great difputes and law flits have arifen and are like to continue between the proprietors of The charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by shifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal intereft, and their creditors: and whereas the faid charitable corporation have already fujfered great Ioffes: and whereas it is juft and reafonable, that the faid difputes Jbould be fettled with as little expence, and in as floor t and eafy a manner as may be, and that the ft ate of the affairs of the faid corporation, and the demands of all perfons claiming any fare, inter eft, debts or fums of money in, to, out of or from the fame, may be after tabled, fettled, adjufled and determined: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, £sfr.

Truflees for ascertaining claims j duration of their authority for fix months. Creditors to deliver their claims by i Aug. 1732. Officers of the corporation to aflifl the truflees. Perfons refilling to anfwer com-nhifiioners, to be Imprifoned. Perfons pofTefied of goods belonging to the corporation 11 Ocl. 1731, to difcover them. Claims not entred lit the time limited, void. The corporation in a general court may choofe an affignee for each bankrupt’s eftate, and difplace them again. New af-fignmerits to be certified under the company’s feal. Effects to be delivered to the new affignees. Surplus of the refpedlive eflates to go to the corporation, J. Thornton's father not fubmitting to examination,

de«



1732,] Anno quinto GeoRGH II. c. 32.'	361

declared ^ a felon. J. Thomfon's father anfwering, not to hinder any other evidence. Commiflioners to deliver accounts to the parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An aCl to rejlrain fir Robert Sutton, knight of the bath, fir Archibald Grant, baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, efquires, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, from going out of this kingdom for the fpace of one year and until the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and for difcovering their ejlates and effects, and to prevent the tranfporting or alienating the fame-, and to oblige William Squire to furrender himfelf at a time and place mentioned in the aCl, and to give fecurity for his not going out of this kingdom for the fpace of one year and until the end of the then next fejfion of parliament, and for difcovering his eftate and effects, and to prevent the tranfporting or alienating the fame \ and for committing the afore-faid William Burroughs to the prifon of the Fleet, until he Jhall have complied with the directions of this aCU

WHEREAS many'notorious, fraudulent and indirect practices have for fome years laft pajl been carried on by perfons con-* cerned in the direction and management of The charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by aflifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal intereft, their fervants, agents and accomplices, contrary to the intention of their charter, whereby numbers of his Majeflf s fubjeCls have fuffered very great Ioffes: and whereas there is reafon to apprehend, that the right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, knight of the bath, Sir Archibald Grant, baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, efquires, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, have been concerned in promoting, abetting and carrying on fome or all of the faid fraudulent and indirect practices : and whereas it is reafenable that the faid Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Archibald Grant, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren fhould be anfuuerable for the fame, in fuch manner as by the wifdom and jufice of parliament Jhall be hereafter adjudged: and whereas it is prudent and neceffary to fecure the perfons and efates of the faid Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Archibald Grant, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, in order to their forth coming, to abide and an-fwer fuch judgment in parliament; may it therefore pleafe your moll excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Sir R. Sutton, &c. to give fecurity for not departing this kingdom for one year. On negleft to be committed to the Fleet. Departing the kingdom in the time limited, felony. To deliver inventories of their eftates to the barons of exchequer. Barons to deliver inventories to the parliament.

On refufal to be examined, to be committed to the Fleet. Forfeited goods to be paid into the exchequer for the ufe of the corporation. W. Squire not furrendring by 24 June 173a, and giving fecurity, guilty of felony.

Effects of W. Squire liable to the penalties of this a&. W. Burroughs committed to the Fleet till compliance.

CAP.



Cr732‘

362	Anno	quinto	GeorGii II. c. 33.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to explain, amend and render more effeftual an aft pajfed in the firftyear of his prefent Majesty s reign jntituled^ An aft for punifhing fuch perfons as (hall wilfully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works erefted by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable, .

1 Geo 2 ft at 2 \ INHERE AS an aft of parliament pajfed in the firft year of his c. 19.*2*	*	▼ V prefent Majesty for punifhing fuch perfons as fhould wilfully

Enforced by and malicioufly pull doivti or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, SGeo. 2.C.20. or loch or other ivorks erefted by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable: and ivhereas the provifions by the faid aft made for punifhing fuch offenders have by experience been found to be inefficient : for remedy thereof, and for rendring the faid aft more ef-feftual, be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and After 24. June t^ie aulhority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons *732, malici- whatsoever, from and after the twenty fourth day of f ane in the oufly deftroy- year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, ing turnpikes, fhall either by day or night wilfully and malicioufly break down-

felony.

cut down, pluck up, throw down, level or otherwife deftroy any turnpike gate or turnpike gates, or any poft or pofts, rail or rails, wall or walls, or other fence or fences belonging to any fuch turnpike gate or turnpike gates, erefted or to be erefted to prevent paffengers from palling by without paying the toll direfted to be paid by any aft or afts of parliament already made, or hereafter to be made for that purpole, and fhall be lawfully convifted of the fame upon indiftment before any of his  Majesty’s juftices of affize. Oyer and Terminer and general gaol delivery for the county, city, town, borough or corporation where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vifted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and every fuch felon and felons (hall be fubjeft and liable to like pains and penalties, as in cafes of felony; and the courts, by and before whom fuch perfon or perfons fhall be tried, fhall and hereby have power and authority to tranfport fuch felons for the fpace of feven years, in like manner as other felons are direfted to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch offender or offenders (hall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the expiration of the faid term of feven years, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, or of the firft year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for punifhing fuch perfons as fhall wilfully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other ivorks erefted by the authority of parliament for making riyers navigable, he or they fo returning (hall fuffer death as

felons*

T ranfporta-jtion.

Returning from transportation,

iGeo.2.ftat.2. faid a&_paffed in tb c. 19.



I732»] Anno quinto Georgii IT. c. 33.	^63

felons, and have execution awarded againft them as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the truftees, commiffioners, proprietors, undertakers or other perfon or perfons whatsoever authorized or impowered to put in execution any ad or ads of parliament made or to be made for repairing of highways or making rivers navigable, (hall and may, by and out of the tolls, rates and duties arifing by virtue of any fuch ad or ads of parliament, pay and difcharge the cofts, charges and expences arifing or becoming due for or by reafon of any adion, information, indidment or other pro-fecution whatsoever, which fhall or may be commenced or pro-fecuted for or on account of the pulling down or otherwife de-ftroying any turnpike gate, poft, rail or other fence or fences belonging to any turnpike gate or any turnpike houfe or houfes, or any lock, fluice, floodgate or other works, on any navigable river, ereded or to be ereded by authority of parliament.	^	<

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if	ky	or~

the commiffioners and truftees appointed or to be appointed to f^their1 gene-put any a61 of parliament made or to be made for the repair of rai quarter-any highway or highways in execution, fhall abufe or exceed feffions, to re-their power by ereding or cauflng to be ereded, or continuing move unwar-or cauflng to be continued, any gate or gates, turnpike or turn-	e	turn“

pikes, where they have not any power by virtue of any ad of F parliament, to ered fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes,

it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace of the county where any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, is, are or fhall be ereded or continued, in their general quarter-feflions aflembled, upon complaint of any fuch abufe or excefs of power in fuch commiffioners and truftees, in a fummary way to hear and determine the fame, and thereupon to order the fheriff of the county (who is hereby authorized and required to execute fuch order) to remove any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Ad1 Geo. z. That this ad, and alfo the faid a<5t hereby explained and amend- ftat* 2\c- *9* ed, and every article, claufe and fentence therein contained, ^nuedf,rC°n" not altered by this prefent ad, fhall from henceforth continue y^rs. 0r 5 and be in full force and effed for the term of five years, to be Madeperpetual computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven h 27 Geo. 2. hundred and thirty two, and from thence to the end of the then Ci l6‘

next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

Charges of profecution to be paid out of the tolls.

Jnno



It 733*

Anno fexto GeoRGII II. c. 1,2.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. fexto.

AT the ‘parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the twenty third day of January, Anno Domini one

thoufand /even hundred and twenty feveriy in the firft year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Kingy defender of the faithy &c. And from thence continued by fe-veral prorogations to the fifteenth day of January one thousand feven hundred and thirty twoy being the fxth fejfion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I,

An a£t for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England ; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even, hundred and thirty three; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and con-trafts. EXP.

CAP. II.

An an to allow a further time to John Thomfon to appeal and produce the books, and dijcover the effects of The charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by alfifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal in-tereft, and to be examined thereupon at the times and places fixed in the billy and for allowing the faid John Thomfon a proportion out of the effects of the faid corporation which he fhall difcovery and for preventing fraudulent releafing or affigning any debt duey from George Robinfon or the faid John Thomfon, or either of them.

WHEREAS by an aft made and paffed in the hfi fejjion of this prefent parliament, intituled, An adt to encourage and compel George Robinjon, efquire, and John Thomfony to appear and produce the books and difcover the effedts of The charitable corporation for relief of induftrious poory by ajfijiing them zvith fmall fums upon pledges at legal interefty and to be examined thereupon at the times and places therein mentioned, it was amongft other things enaftedy That if the faid George Robinfon and John Thorn-ion refpeftivcly fhould noty on or before the thirtieth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty twoy appear before either houfe of parliament or a committee of either houfe of parliamenty and fub-mit to be examined touching the matters and thingSy and in the manner therein mentioned, and in that cafe fbould not, on or before the fourth day of April one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, fur render hitnfelf or themfelves reflectively to the commijfmers named in the

feveral



1733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II, c.

feveral commijjions of batikruptcy therein mentioned to be awarded a-gainjl them refpeClively, or to fome of them, and fubmit to be examined from time to time upon oath by and before the faid conmiffton-ers, or the major part of them, and in all things conform themfelves to the feveral flatutes made concerning bankrupts, and alfo upon fuch examination make fuch difcovery as is in the Jaid aft mentionedand deliver up to the faid comrniffioners, or the major part of them, all fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, effects and efate, and all books, papers and writings relating thereunto, as at the time of fuch exa?ni-nation before fuch comrniffioners Jhould be in the pojfeffion, cuftody or power of the faid George Robinfon or John Thomfon, or either of them, then fuch of them the faid George Robinfon and John Thomfon as fhould be guilty of any default or wilful omiffion therein, being thereof lawfully convicted by indictment, fhould be deemed and adjudged to be a felon, and fhould fuffer as a felon without benefit of clergy, and all juflices of peace within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed were authorized and required by the faid act, in cafe the faid George Robinfon or John Thomfon refpeClively fhould not appear before either houfe of parliament or a committee of either houfe of parliament, and fubmit to be examined as aforefaid within the time thereby limited for that purpofe, to grant warrants for the taking and apprehending the faid George Robinfon or John Thomfon, and them or either of them fo taken to commit to the common gaol of the county, city or place where they or either of them Jhould be fo taken and apprehended; and power and authority was alfo given by the fame ad to any perfon or perfons, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and feals of the faid comrniffioners of bankruptcy in and by the faid commiffons refpeClively authorized, to demand admittance in the day-time into any houfe or room ivherein they or any of them fhould have reafon to believe, or fhould be informed, the faid George Robinfon and John Thomfon, fo making default as aforefaid, were, and upon refufal to be admitted into fuch houfe or room, in the company of a conjlable or other peace-officer in the day-time, to break or caufe to be broke open the doors or locks of every fuch houfe or room, and the faid George Robinfon or John-Thomfon fo making default as aforefaid to feize, take and carry away, and to deliver to fuch perfon or perfons, as by the faid commifjioners, or the major part of them, fhould be impow-ered and appointed to receive them refpeClively: and whereas the faid George Robinfon and John Thomfon have both of them neglected to comply with the terms of the faid aCt of parliament, and are thereby become liable to be indicted for felony by virtue of the fame aCt: and whereas an humble application hath been made to parliament on the behalf of the faid John Thomfon, ivho hath withdrawn himfelf, and is now beyond the fas, that a further time may be allowed him for fubmit ting to the terms and conditions of the faid a Cl, and it is apprehended that it would be for the fervice of the faid corporation, that the faid John Thomfon fhould return into this kingdom, and be examined touching the matters and things in the faid recited aCf directed and appointed to be inquired into, and that the dif-coveries he is capable to make may tend to the benefit and advantage 6	of



366

3 Geo. i. c. i

10 Geo, i, c.

Anno fexto Georgii II. c.3,4,5.	[1733.

of the faid corporation,	^	fujferers	by the fraudulent ma~

nagement of the fame: be it therefore ena&ed, EsV.

Clanfe relating to the apprehending John Thomfon repealed : on his fub-miffion and conformity by 9 March 1732, not liabje to afrions on that account, and to be protected from arrefts, but on negleft the former fentence confirmed, and the claufe relating to the apprehending of him to be in full force. Penalty on G. Robinfon and J. Thomfon, if they deliver up any mortgage, &rc.

-CAP. III.

An a£t for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for imployments or offices by taking the oaths, and making and fubfcribing the declaration againft tranfubffantiation, and receiving the facrament, and allowing them further time for that purpofe. EXP.

Perfons qualifying themfelves before 29 Sept. 1733, indemnified. Members of corporations, who have negle6ted to take the oaths of office, qualifying themfelves by 29 Sept. 1733, indemnified. Offices already avoided by law, not to be reflored.

CAP. V.

An at1 for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of protefiant pur chafers and lejfees. EXP.

WHEREAS by a clanfe in an a 51 of parliament pajfed in the third year of his late Majeftfs reign, intituled, An a61 for explaining an a6l pafled in the lafl fefiion of parliament, intituled. An a51 to oblige papifls to regifler their names and real efates, and for enlarging the time for fuch regiftring, and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants, it was ena5ted, That from and af'ter the nine and twentieth day ^/'September in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, Jhould pafs, alter or, change from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, by any deed or will, except fuch deed within fix months after the date, and fuch will within fix months after the death of the t eft at or, Jhould be inroiled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties, wherein the manors, lands and tenements lie, in Juch manner as therein for that purpose is particularly dire died: and whereas by a claufe in another a5l of parlia-* went pajfed in the tenth year of his faid late Mojefif s reign, intituled, An a6f for explaining 2nd amending the a6t of the laft left!on of parliament, intituled, An a5l to oblige all perfons being papijis, in that part cf Great Britain called Scotland, and all per-Jons in Great Britain refufng or negledling to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of his Majefiy s per fin and government, by feveral adls herein mentioned, to regifler their names and real efates, and for enlarging the time for taking the laid oaths and making fuch re-gifters, and for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds or wills made hy papifts, which have been omitted to be inroll-



1733-] Anno fexto Georgii II. €.5,	367

ed, purfuant to an a£t of the third year of his faid late Maje-fly’s reign, and alfo for giving relief to proteftant lefiees, it was

enabled, for the relief of fitch perfons ivho had neglected or omitted to inroll their deeds or wills, that every deed and will which had been then made> fnce the nine and twentieth day of September one thou-fand feven hundred and Jeventeen, in order to pafs, alter or change any manor Sy lands, tenements or hereditaments or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any perfon profejfing the popifh religion, though not then i nr oiled, Jhould be as good and effectual in the laWy as the fame would have been, z/z cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled ivitbin the time limited by the faid claufe in the faid former aft for inrolment thereof provided the faid deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twetity four in fuch manner as by the faid former aft was direfted: and whereas by a claufe in another aft of parliament pa [fed in the third year of his prefent Maj eftfs 3Geo,z.c.a9* reign^ intituled, An a£t for continuing and amending an a£t for regulating the price and aflize of bread, for relief of bankrupts whofe certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late acft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds or wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers and leffees, and for making further provifion concerning certificates relating to the fettlements of poor perfons, and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated perfons, it was enaftedy for the relief of fuch perfons who had neglefted or omitted to inrol their deeds or willsy that every deed and will which had been made fince the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand feven hundred and feven-teeny in order to pafs, alter or change any manor Sy lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any interefi therein or rent or profit thereout, from any perfon profejfing the popifh religion, though -not then inrolled,

Jhould be as good and ejfeftual in the law, as the fame would have beeiiy in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited in the faid claufes in the faid former afts for the inrolment thereof\ provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand [even hundred and thirty oney in fuch manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi mentioned aft is direfted: and whereas feveral of his Ma-jefiys proteftant fubjefts, fince the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and feventeeny have purchafed lands and taken leafes upon fines paid, where fome fmall rents have been refer ved, from papifts or perfons profejfing the popifh religion, and have omitted or neglefted to inroll their pur chafe deeds and leafes within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid afts direfted for the inrolment thereof and are in danger of being defeated of their faid purchafes and leafes: and whereas feveral infants and others, claiming under the loft wills and teflaments of papifts or perfons profejfing the popifh religion, may be defeated of their faid lands fo devifed to theniy through the negleft or omiffion of the executors or truflees of fuch zvilhy to inrol the fame in due ti?My according to the dir eft ion of the faid claufes in the faid afts: be it therefore enacled,

Deeds



36S

4Geo. 2. c. 26.

The aft 4-Geo. a. c. 26. direct ing proceedings inlaw to be in English, not to atfeft the court of receipt of the exchequer.

The bufinefs of the faid court to be

Anno fexto Georgii II. c. ’ r" [1735*

Deeds and wills made by papifts finte 29 Sept. 1717, and not duly infOflled lhall be good, if inrolled by 29 Sept. 1733. Deeds or wills, of whofe deficiency in imolment advantage was taken by 1 Feb, 1732, excepted* No purchafe made for valuable confideration by any proteftant fhall be avoided for want of inrolment,: fo as no judgment, &c. hath been obtained.

CAP. VI.

An aft for obviating a doubt which may arife upon an aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majeftfs reign, intituled^ An aft that all proceedings in the courts of juftice within that part of Great Britain called England\ and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, fhall be in the Englijh language, fo far as the fame doth or may relate to the court of the receipt of his Majeftys exchequer, or to any members or branches thereof.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fourth year of his Ma-jeftys reign* intituled, An aft that all proceedings in the courts of juftice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, fhall be in the Englijh language, it is amongft other things enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty three all writs, procefs and returns thereof and proceedings thereon, and all pleadings, rules, orders, indiftments, informations, inquifitions, preferments,> verdifts, prohibitions, certificates, and all patents, charters, pardons, commijfions, records, judgments, Jlatutes, recognizances, bonds, rolls, entries, fines and recoveries, and all proceedings relating thereunto, and all proceedings of courts leet, courts baron and cuftomary courts, and all copies thereof, and all proceedings whatsoever in any courts of jujlice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the law and adminiflration of jujlice, Jhall be in the Englifti tongue and language only, and not in Latin or French, or any other tongue or language whatsoever, and Jlmll be written in fuck a common legible hand and charafter as the afts of parliament are ufually ingrojfed in, and the lines and words of the fame to be written at leajl as clofe as the faid afts ufually are, and not in any hand cdtnmonly called Court Hand, and in words at length and not abbreviated: and whereas a doubt may arife, whether the proceedings in the court of the receipt of. his Majejlys exchequer are or may be comprehended or included zvithin the faid aft, or any general zvords therein contained; for obviating the faid doubts, be it declared and enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft, or any thing therein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued, deemed or taken to extend to the faid court of the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, or to any proceedings therein, or to any members or branches thereof.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid court of receipt and the feveral members thereof, and their under officers, deputies and clerks, fhall carry on the bufinefs



1733*] Ariho fexto Georgii II. c. fi	3%

nefs to them feverally and refpeftively belonging and appertain- carried 0n ac* ing, according to the ufual coqrfe and antient method and prac- cordin^ to tice5 and in like manner as if the faid ad had never been made; method™* any thing therein to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CAP. Vlt.

An aft for the free importation and exportation of diamonds, pearls, rubies, emeralds and all other jewels and precious jlones.

WHEREAS this kingdom is now become a great mart for diamonds and other precious Jlones and jewels, from whence mojl foreign countries are fupplied\ and great numbers of rough diamonds are fent from abroad to be cut and polijhed here, which is a great advantage to this nation, and there is great reafon to believe, if the importation thereof ivas encouraged and made eafy, the faid trade would increafe: and whereas among the rules in the table of fees and allowance due and payable to the officers of the cujloms, dated the fe-venteenth day tf/May one thousand fix hundred and fixty iwo^figned by Sir Edward Turnor, then fpedker of the houfe of commons, and confirmed by the aft of tunnage and poundage paffied in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and Juice continued\

\and now in force, it is declared, That diamonds,precious fione^ jewels and pearls of all forts Jball pafs outwards without warrant or fee ; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majedy that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in tins prefent parliament aftern^ bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the tenth day of April which (hall be in the year of our Lord one I?33> thousand feven hundred and thirty three all diamonds, pearls, monds,and all rubies, emeralds, and all other precious dones and jewels, fhall other precious pafs inwards without warrant or fee, in like manner as they now ?ones be pafs outwards, and free from the payment of any duty granted Sported free to his Majedy, his heirs or fuccdTors; and it fhall and may be from duty, lawful for any perfon or perfons to import or export the fame in any (hip or vedel whatfoever; any law, cudom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding ; fubjedt neverthelefs to the provifo herein after contained.

II. Provided always, That nothing ^erein contained fhall ex- p tend to annul or make void the duty granted to his Majedy for fhe Eaft4ndia the ufe of the united company of merchants of England trading company, to the Eajl-Indies by an a61 palled in the ninth and tenth years 9&10W, 3, of the reign of his late majedy King IVilliam the Third, forc* 44* fuch pearls, diamonds and other precious dones or jewels as fhall be imported into this kingdom from any place within the limits of the charter granted to the faid company, or to take away or alter any privileges, profits or advantages granted to or now held or enjoyed by the laid company,

Vqu XVI .	Bb	CAP.



37 o

Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 8, g.’

fI733‘

CAP. VIII.

An aft for rebuilding the parifh church of Saint George the Martyr in the the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as one of the fifty new churches direfted to be built by two afts of parliament, one made *	in the ninth, the other in the tenth year of the reign, of her late majelty

Queen Anne.

The church of Saint George the Martyr in Southwark to be built as one of the fifty new churches. 6,0001. to be paid out of the coal duty by 24. June 1733, for that purpofe.	0-

CAP. IX.

An aCt to explain and amend two aCls of parliament, one made in the twelfth and the other in the thirteenth year of his late Majeftfs reign, for making navigable the river Dun in the county of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the faid navigation, and for uniting the feveral proprietors thereof into one company,

i2Geo.i, c.38.	HEREAS by an aCt of parliament made in the tivelfth year

YV of the reign of bis late ?najejly King George the Firfl, intitule An a<ft for making the river Dun in the Weft Riding of the county of York, navigable from Holmjlile in Doncafler up to the utmoft extent of Tinfiey weftward, a townjlnp within two miles of Sheffield, the majlers, wardens,fearchers, affjlants and commonalty of the company of cutlers in Hallamftiire in the county of York, their fucceffors and affigns, are nominated and appointed undertakers of the faid navigation, with power to make the faid river navigable, at their own expence, from Holmftile aforefaid, up the faid river above Holmftile to the utrnojl extent of Tinfley weftward, and for making and erecting zuharfs and warehoufes, locks, dams, and for making towing-paths on the banks of the faid river,for the haling of veffels with men or horfes, and for pur chafing lands for the purpofes aforefaid, and alfo fuch powers of taking tunnage and lock dues, and other fums of money, as a recompence for the expences they Jhall be at in making the faid river navigable, as in and by the faid aCt will 3 3Geo.i. c.20. moreMb appear: and whereas by one other ad of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, intituled, An a<ft for improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called Holmjlile in the townfhip of Doncafler, in the county of York, to Wilfck houfe in the parifh of Barnby Dun in the faid county, the mayor, aldermen and burgejfes of the borough of Don-cafter in the faid county of York, their fucceffors and affigns, are nominated and appointed undertakers of the faid navigation from Holmftile aforefaid down the faid river Dun below Holmftile to Wilfick houfe aforefaid, and they, their fucceffors and affigns, are thereby impowered, by themfelves, their fervants, agents, workmen and affigns, at their own expence, to carry the navigation of the faid river, from Holmftile in Doncafler aforefaid, down the faid river to Wilfick houfe, and to make the fame river paffable with boats, barges, lighters and other veffels, at all times in the year, from Holmftile aforefaid to Wilfick houfe, and to fcour and cleanfe the faid river,

make



1733.]	.	Anno	fqcto	GeoRGII	II.	c.	9.’

ways and bridge s± locks, cuts, dams, and exercife all fuch other powers and authorities, by the [aid aft given them, and alfo-to make towing-paths on the banks of the [aid river, for haling of vejfels with men or horfes, and aljo to pur chafe lands for the purpofes aforefaid, * and alfo powers of taking tunnage, lock dues, and other fums of mo -ney, as a recompence for the expences they Jhall be at in making the [aid river navigable, and to exercife feveral other powers and authorities, mentioned in the faid aft, as in and by the lajl mentioned aft will more fully appear: and whereas by the faid lajl in part recited aft, three wood bridges over the river commonly called the New River or Dutch River, in the fame aft mentioned, and fifteen yards of the banks of the fame river, on each fide thereof (except; fo much of fuch part of the bank near one of the faid three bridges, called Rockliffe Bridge, whereon there is a cottage erefted and built, and the yard of the faid cottage) were and are vefied in the faid mayor, aldermen and burgejfes 0/Doncafter and their fuccejfors, who were and are obliged by the faid aft, for ever, from and after the twenty fifth day of March one tboufand feven hundred and twenty feven, to repair, maintain and rebuild, the faid bridges, and the faid mayor, aldermen and burgejfes, by the fame aft, are authorized and obliged to make leaves to draw up, or draw-bridges, and fuch other alterations of and in the jaid three bridges, as Jbould be convenient and necejfary for the more eafy pajfage of boats, lighters and other vejfels ivith mafis, through the fame, without taking doivn or loivering their mafis in fuch their pajfage, and the faid corporation of Doncafter, by the faid aft, was obliged to make fuch leaves or draiu-bridges within the Jpace of tw$ years next after the faid twenty fifth day of March, and from thence- -forth for ever after to keep and maintain fuch leaves or draw-bridges, in the faid three bridges, for the ufes and purpofes aforefaid, and the faid corporation ^ Doncafter and their fuccejfors, for and in refpeft of the charge which they Jbould be put to in altering the faid three bridges, and making fuch convenient pajfage for boats, lighters and other vejfels, through the fame, and for repairing and maintaining the faid three bridges, and fifteen yards of the banks (except before excepted) above and below each of the faid bridges, and building new bridges in lieu of them, fo often as there J,hall be occafion, are by the faid aft authorized to demand, receive and take, for the pajfage of every fuch boat, lighter or other vejfel, ivbich Jhall pafs through the faid three bridges, or any of them (for the pajfage of which boat, lighter or other vejfel, fuch draw-bridges or any of them [hall be opened) of the owner or mqfier of every fuch boat, lighter or other vejfel, certain duties or fums of money, by the faid aft dire fted, and the participants and oivners of lands lying in the level of Hatfield Chace and parts thereto adjacent, in the counties of York ,Lincoln and Nottingham, in the faid aft mentioned, were and are by the faid aft obliged to pay the faid mayor, aldermen and burgejfes, and their fuccejfors, twenty pounds a year at certain days and times therein mentioned, and fuch remedies were and are given to them for the recovery thereof, as in and by the'faid aft are exprejfed: and whereas the undertakers of the faid two feparate navigations of the [aid river, above and below Holmftile, have laid out fiver al great fums of money in carrying on

B b %	the



Anno fexto GeoRGH II. C. io, 11.	Cr733*

the faid refpeftive navigations, amounting in the whole to feventeen thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, and have made great progrefs in making of the faid river Dun navigable, as well above as below Holmftile, and the faid two corporations for carrying on the faid work found it neceffary^ to divide their refpeElive inter eft s, in the faid two feparate navigations, into /bares, and to a/ftgn feveral /hares thereof unto feveral perfons, who had contributed towards raifing of the faid feventeen thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, for the carrying on of the faid refpeStive navigations : and whereas for the better carrying cn and compleating of the faid navigations, above and below Holmftile, it is found nece/fary, that the undertakers of both the faid navigations Jhould be united into one company and copartner/hip, and that all the inter ejl of the undertakers of both the faid navigations Jhould be divided into one hundred and fifty /hares, to be diftributed unto and among the faid two corporations, and other the contributors to the /aid undertakings , in proportion to the feveral fums of money by them refpelively advanced, towards carrying on both the faid navigations, for each of which faid /hares there hath been already advanced and paid or laid out, the Jutn of one hundred and fifteen pounds a Jhare, amounting i?i the whole to the faid fum offeventeen thousand two hundred and fifty pounds: and to the end that both the faid navigations, above and below Holmftile, fhould be thence after carried on by the proprietors^ of the faid one hundred andfifty Jhares, at their common expence> according to the proportion of their refpefiive interefls in the faid /hares y theyr by indenture bearing date the fifth day of January in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty, made or mentioned to be madey &c.

Powers given by the former a<5ls to the feparate navigations veiled in the united company, and the whole to be divided into 150 (hares. After 24. June 1733, the undertakers of each navigation made one body corporate, and may purchafe lands, tenements, See. The books of accounts to be kept at Sheffield and Doncafter. General court may alter former rules, or make new ones. The navigation to be continued to Tindey, and capable of veffels of 20 tun. On defe£t of fuch continuation by the proprietors, the cutlers company to carry it on, and receive the duties. If the corporation ot Doncafter negle6t to repair the three bridges on the New River, land owners there may repair them. This not to leffen the powers given to commiffioners by the former aft.

CAP. X.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty three. EXP. is. in the pound.

CAP. XI.

An a£t for providing a maintenance for the minifter of the new church of Hordydown in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and for making the diitriGr affigned to the fame a diftinft parifh, and for other ptirpofes therein mentioned.

Appointment of 3500I, out of the coal duties to the u(e of the minifter. iigoI. to be allowed out of the faid duties for paving and adorning the church yard, &c. The door of the church not to be broken up for burials. Churchwardens may fet up monuments and grave flones. 601, per annum to be paid to the minifter. The provifions hereby allowed to the minifies*

to



373

1733*] Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 12.

to be inftead of all tithes, &c. The new parifh not to be held in Com-mendam. Churchwardens to provide three decent palls. No perfons to bring other palls into the church yards without paying the fees, except palls of the old parifh. Veftry may raife 5001. by a pound-rate for buying neceffaries for the facrament, &c. to be recovered as the poors rates. All church yards within the two parifhes to be held in common. Inhabitants of the new parifh to enjoy all advantages of the free fchool in common with the old. The old parifh to maintain its own poor.

CAP. XII.

An aff for ereffing piers in and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Little Hampton, called Arundel Port in the county of Suflex.

WHEREAS it is a great encouragement to trade and navigation to have good harbours and ports for receiving of flipping: and whereas the harbour of Little Hampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Suffex, was heretofore a fafe harbour, and capable of receiving flips and vejfels of a confiderable burthen, but a beach being now throivn up by the fea, the faid harbour is thereby become choaked upy and the navigation of the river Arun, commonly called Arundel River, objlrutted, and the faid harbour rendred al-mojl ufelefs* to the great damage of the inhabitants of the faid town of Arundel: and whereas the faid harbour cannot be refiored, improved and preferved, unlefs a chattel be cut through the faid beach and piers, and locks ereffed and made in proper places: and whereas the inhabitants of the faid town are unable to raife a fiufficient fum of money to defray the expence of carrying on, compleating and preferving fo ufieful and beneficial an undertakings without the aid and affiance of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may fce enacted, £*.

After 24 June 1733, the following duties to be paid. For every chaldron of coals or other goods paying duty by the chaldron, fhipped or landed in the port of Arundel, 1 s. For every tun of fait and other goods paying duty or freight by the tun is. For every load of timber or converted timber 1 s. For every load of tan or bark as. For every hundred of fpars, ufers or ftaves, 1 s. For every hundred of fingle deals is. 6d. For every hundred of double deals 2 s. and for every hundred of three inch deals 2 s. 6d. For every quarter of wheat and other grains and feeds 3d. For every load of flour or meal 1 s. a,nd for every load of bran 6 d. For every hogf-head of wine or ottier liquors 1 s. Fqr every hogfhead of fugar and dry goods 9d. For every tierce 6d. and for every barrel of pitch or other goods in barrels 4d. For every bundle, &c. of hemp, linen, woollen, glafs, fruits and earthen ware, 1 d. per hundred. For every hundred of allom, cheefe and other goods, paying duty or freight per hundred weight, id. For every hundred feet of paving ftone or marble -2s. For every tjhoufand of tiles, bricks or clinkers, 1 s. For every groce of bottles 3 d. For .every barge or craft pafling through each lock 1 s. For all goods not enumerated one twelfth part of the ufual freight from London to Arundel. For every Britifh (hip which (hall load or unload (fifhing veflels excepted) 3d. per tun. For every Britifh (hip which (hall fail into the harbour, and neither load nor unload there, 1 d. 2q. per tun. For every foreign (hip, and for goods imported and exported in foreign bottoms, double duties. No veflels to be cleared at the cuftom-houfe, without a certificate that thefe duties are paid. On juftices certificate that all charges are reimbursed, half of the duties to ceafe. Commiflioners may appoint a perfon to <Jired the mooring and ballafling of veflels. On death or removal of com* injflioners others to be ehofen.

B b 3	CAP.



374

Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 13.

Ci733-

CAP. XIII.

An a£l for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majejifs fugar colonies in America.

\KT H E R E A S the ivelfare a?id profperity of your Majejifs * * fugar colonies in America are of the greateji confequence and importance to the trade., navigation and Jlrength of this kingdom: and whereas the planters of the faid fugar colonies have of late years fallen under fuch great difcouragements, that they are unable to improve or carry on the fugar trade upon an equal footing with the foreign fugar colonies, without fome advantage and relief be given to them from Great Britain : for remedy whereof, and for the good and welfare of your  Majesty’s fubjects, we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of Great Britain affembled in parliament have given and granted unto your Majesty the feveral and refpective rates and duties herein after mentioned, and in fuch manner and form as is herein after expreffed ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affem-After 25 Dec. bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the 3aUon9to be* twenty fifth day °f December one thousand feven hundred and paidVorrum thirty three, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, and (pints unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, made in the upon all rum or fpirits of the produce or manufacture of any of American the col0nies or plantations in America, not in the poffeffion or not belonging un(^er the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, to his Majefty) which at any time or times within or during the continuance of on importa- this a£t, fhall be imported or brought into any of the colonies or plantations in America, which now are or hereafter may be in the poffeftion or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, the fum of nine pence,'money of Great Britain, to be paid according to the proportion and value of five (hillings and fix pence the ounce in filver, for every gallon thereof, and after that rate for any greater or Idler quantity; and upon all hffe^and fV-" mo^afi^s or fyruPs of fuch foreign produce or manufacture as aforefaid, which fhall be imported or brought into any of the faid colonies or plantations of or belonging to his Majesty, the fum of fix pence of like money for every gallon thereof, and after that rate for any greater or leffer quantity ; and upon all fugars and paneles of fuch foreign growth, produce or manufacture as aforefaid, which (hall be imported into any of the faid colonies or plantations of or belonging to his Majesty, a duty

tion to the Britifh plantations,

and 6 d.per

rups,

and 5s. perC. after the rate of five (hillings'of like money, for every hundred weight for fu-

weight Avoirdupoize, of the faid fugar and paneles, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

II. And for the better railing, levying and collecting the faid

gars and paneles.

be\evLc|0W t0 duties, n IS herel3y further enacted by the authority aforefaid, "Vltl' That upon the importation of any fuch goods as aforefaid, into

any



375

f 733-1	Anno fexto Georgxi II. C.13.

any of the faid colonies or plantation^ belonging to the crown of Great Britain, an entry or entries fhall be made with the collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms, or the import officer, or proper officer of the excife, in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, and that all and every the faid duties hereby impofed, for and upon all fuch rum, fpirits, mo-lafles, fyrups, fugar and paneles, of fuch foreign growth, produce or manufacture aforefaid, which fhall be imported into any of the faid colonies or plantations of or belonging to the crown of Great Britain as aforefaid, fhall be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing of the fame re-fpeCtively.

HI. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any of the faid The faid commodities fhall be landed or put on fhore in any of his Ma- goods if land-1 jefty’s faid colonies or plantations in America^ out of any (hip or ed before en-veffei, before due entry be made thereof at the port or place ^enTof^Tu-” where the fame fhall be imported, and before the duties' by this ties (hall be aCt charged or chargeable thereupon (hall be duly paid, or with- forfeited, out a warrant for the landing and delivering the fame, firft fign-ed by the collector, or import officer, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftom or excife belonging to fuch port or place refpeCtively, all fuch goods as fhall be fo landed or put on fhore, or the value of the fame, fhall be forfeited, and all and every fuch goods as fhall be fo landed or put on fhore, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCl, fhall and may be feized by and may be the governor or commander in chief, for the time being, of the feized, colonies or plantations where the fame fhall be fo landed or put on fhore, or any perfon or perfons by them authorized in that , behalf, or by warrant of any juftice of the peace or other magi-ftrate (which warrant fuch juftice or magiftrate is hereby im-powered and required to give upon requeft) or by any cuftom-houfe officer, import or excife officer, or any perfon or perfons him or them accompanying, aiding and affifting; and all and every fuch offence and forfeitures fhall and may be profecuted and recovered for and recovered in any court of admiralty in his  Majesty’s co- m. ^ c°urt lonies or plantations in America (which court of admiralty is orfnmwcourt hereby authorized, impowered and required to proceed to hear Gf record and finally determine the fame) or in any court of record in the there, faid colonies or plantations where fuch offence is committed, at the election of the informer or profecutor, according to the courfe and method ufed and pradtifed there in profecutions for offences againft penal laws relating to cuftoms or excife; and fuch penalties and forfeitures fo recovered there, fhall be divided as follows; viz. one third part thereof for the ufe of his Ma-fo^To^edi jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be applied for the fupport of ft^uted.6 the government of the colony or plantation where the fame fhall be recovered, one third part to the governor or commander in chief of the faid colony or plantation, and the other third part to the informer or profecutor who fhall fue for the fame.

IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ^T°	&c.

That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thou-

B b 4	fa ncl	tions, to be



imported into Ireland, unlefs (hipped in great Britain,

Penalty*

penalty on perfons aflifl-ing in fuch unlawful importation.

£ol. penalty qn moleiting

Anno fcxto Georgii H. c. 13.	[1733;

farid feven hundred and thirty three, no fugars, paneles, fyrups or molaffes, of the growth, product and manufacture of any of the colonies or plantations in America, nor any rum or fpirits of America, except of the growth or manufacture of his Majefly’s fugar colonies there, fhall be imported by any perfon or perfons whatsoever into the kingdom of Ireland, but fuch only as fhall be fairly and bona fide loaden and fhipped in Great. Britain in fhips navigated according to the feveral laws now in being in that behalf, under the penalty of forfeiting all fuch fugar, paneles, fyrups or molaffes, rum or fpirits, or the value thereof, together with the fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel; and if any of the commodities aforementioned fhall be imported into Ireland contrary to the true intenjt and meaning of this act, all and every fuch commodities, with the fhip or veffel wherein they fhall be imported, and the tackle, ammunition and furniture thereof, fhall and may be feized by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or lords juftices, for the time being, for the kingdom of Ireland, or any perfon or perfons authorized by him, them or any of them, or by warrant of any juflice of the peace or other magiflrate (which warrant fuch juflice or magi-flrate is hereby impowered and required to give upon requeft) or by any cuftom-houfe officer, or excife officer, or any perfon or perfons him, them or any of them, accompanying, aiding and affiftiqg; aqd all anTd every the faid offences, committed againfl this act, may be profecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures recovered, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVefiminjler, or in Dublin, at the election of the informer or pro-fecutor, by bill, plaint or information, wherein qo effqin, protection or wager of law, fhall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; and the penalties and forfeitures recovered on fuch profecution fhall go and be divided and applied in manner following ; viz. one moiety to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of the informer or profecutor.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be aiding and affifling in bringing on fhore or landing any fuch fugar, paneles, fyrups of molaffes, rum or fpirits, into the kingdom of Ireland, or into any of his Majefly’s colonies or plantations in America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or fhall receive into his, her or their houfe or cuflody, any of the commodities aforementioned, knowing the fame to be imported or landed and brought on fhore, contrary to this act, every fuch perfqn fo offending fhall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods, to be efli-mated and computed according to the befl price that each respective commodity bears at the place where any fuch feizures fhall be made, to be fued for, recovered and applied in manner aforementioned.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall hinder, moleft or refift, any cuftom-houfe officer, impoff



1733*1 Anno fexto Georgii IL c. 13,	377

or excife officer, or their or any of their affiftants, in the due ex- officer in his ecution of his or their duty in feizing or fecuring any of the duty* commodities aforementioned, imported into the kingdom of Ireland, or landed or put on (hore in any of the colonies or plantations in America, which now or hereafter may be in the poffeffion or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, contrary to the purport or true meaning of this ad!, he, (he or they (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be fued for, recovered and applied in manner aforementioned, and fhall alfo be liable to be profecuted for the fame, by indid!-ment or otherwise, and being thereof found guilty, fhall be im-prifoned for three months without bail or mainprize ; and if any officer or officers of the cuftoms, impoft or excife officer or offi- ^nerai iffue.e cers, or their afiiftants, fhall be fued or profecuted for any thing done in execution of his or their duty for the better and more effedtual putting in force this prefent ad!, he or they may and fhall plead the general iffue, and give this ad! and the fpecial matter in evidence, and the judges fhall allow thereof; and if any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in the kingdom of Ireland, or any officer or officers of the cuftoms, impoft or excife office, in any of his  Majesty’s plantations or colonies in America, fhall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent 501. penalty importation, or landing and bringing on fhore, of any of	fuch

commodities aforementioned, contrary to the purport and true f^dulent110 meaning of this ad!, or fuch officer or officers fhall take upon importation, him or them to feize any of the faid commodities, and fhall by fraud or collufion defift from or delay the profecutipn thereof to condemnation, he or they fo conniving, defifting or delaying, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, to be fued for, recovered and applied in manner aforefaid, and fuch officer or pfficers fhall alfo be incapable of holding any office or imploy-paent under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors.

VII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- I00 p penalty faid. That if any of his  Majesty’s fubjedls, who is or fhall be on mailer of mafter, or have the charge of any (hip or veffel, fhall take in, flup, &e. per-or permit or fuffer to be taken in, at fea or in any creek or har-

bour, or other place, any fugar, paneles, fyrups or molaffes, P rum or fpirits, in order to be imported into Ireland, or brought on fhore and landed in any of his  Majesty’s plantations in A-merica, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad!, every fuch mafter or other perfon, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for, recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enadted. That upon all fuits and The Onus prcu profecutions for the importation of any of the commodities bandi in fuits aforementioned into the kingdom of Ireland, or for the bring- to *ie on the ing on fhore and landing of any of the commodities afore-owners* mentioned in any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations

America, contrary to the purport and true meaning of this ad!, the Onus probandi, that the fame and .every part thereof were fairly and bona Jjdey and without fraud, leaden and (hipped in '

Qrwt



37^	Anno	fexto	Georgii	II. C.ig;

Great Britain, in (hips navigated according to the feveral

Duties paid for fugar or paneles imported from the Britifli plantations after 24 June

laws in being in that behalf, or that the rum or fpirits were made of the growth or manufacture of fome of his  Majesty’s fugar colonies in America, or that all and every the commodities aforefaid, which (hall be imported into any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, were of the growth, produce or manufacture of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations there, or were duly entered, and had really and bona fide paid the duties hereby charged, and chargeable thereon, before the bringing on fhore and landing thereof in any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, (hall lie on the claim-er or owner thereof.

IX.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any fugar or paneles of the growth, produce or manufacture of any of the colonies or plantations belonging to or in the poffeffion of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, which fhall have been imported into Great Britain after - the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred pa?don°expor> an^ thirty-three, (hall at any time within one year after the tation within importation thereof, be again exported out of Great Britain, the year. and that due proof be firft made, by certificate from the proper officers, of the due entry and payment of the fubfidies or duties charged or payable upon the importation thereof, together with the oath of the merchant or his agent importing and exporting the fame, or in cafe fuch merchant or agent fhall be one of the people called Quakers, by his folemn affirmation to the truth thereof, and that all other requifites (hall be performed that are by law to be performed in cafes where any of „ the faid fubfidies or duties are to be paid by any former ftatute, all the refidue and remainder of the fublidy or duty, by any former aCt or aCls of parliament granted and charged on fuch fugar or paneles as aforefaid, (hall without any delay or reward be repaid to fuch merchant or merchants, who do export the fame, within one month after demand thereof.

X.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-Allowance on faid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one exportation thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, for every hundred for fugars re- weight of fugar refined in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, which fhall be exported out of this kingdom, there (hall be, by virtue of this aCt, repaid at the cuftom-houfe to the exporter, within one month after the demand thereof, over and above the feveral fums of three (hillings and one (hilling per hundred, payable by two former aCts of parliament, one of them made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other in the fecond and third years of the reign of her 3 Ann. c.9. ]ate Majesty Queen Anne, the further fum of two (hillings, oath uor folemn affirmation as aforefaid, being firft made by the refiner, that the faid fugar fo exported, was produced from brown and mufcovado fugar, and that as he verily believes, the fame was imported from fome of the colonies or plantations in America belonging to and in the poffeffion of the crown

6	'	of

fined in Great Britain.

9 & ]o W. 3. c. 23.



1733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 14;

of Great 'Britain, and that as he verily believes, the duty of the faid brown and mufcovado fugar was duly paid at the time of the importation thereof, and that the fame was duly exported, his  Majesty’s fearcher alfo certifying the fhipping thereof, and all other requifites being duly performed, according to the book of rates.

XL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuits and profecutions for any offence againft this a6t fhall be brought and commenced within two years after fuch offence committed.

XII.	And for the better and more effectual carrying this a<ft into execution, be it further enadted, That the expence of profecuting any offence againft this a6t fhall be paid and born, in the firft place, out of the fhares and parts of the penalties and forfeitures hereby given and granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any feizure, condemnation and judgment to be had and obtained for or by reafon of any fraud or misbehaviour againft the true intent or meaning of this adb

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder or reftrain the importation of any fugars, being of the growth or produce of any of the dominions belonging to the King of Spain, or the King of Portugal, from any part or place from whence fuch fugars might lawfully have been imported before the making of this a (ft; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIV.	And it is hereby declared and enadfed, That this prefent a6t fhall be taken to be a publick a61, of which all judges and juftices fhall take notice, without Specially pleading the fame; and the fame fhall continue and be in force for the fpace of five years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

379

Suits to be commenced in two years after offence.

Chargeofpro-fecution how to be born.

Sugars may be imported from the Spanifli or Portuguefe dominions, as formerly.

Publick a61. Continued by z6Geo,a. 0.3a.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for the more effeftual preventing frivolous and vexatious arrejls, and for the more eafy recovery of debts and damages, in the courts of great feffions in the principality of Wales, and in the court of ajfize in the county palatine of Chefter, and for the obviating a doubt which has arifen upon an aft made in the fourth year of his prefent^ Majesty s reign, intituled, An adl that all proceedings in courts of juftice, within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, fhall be in the Englifh language, fo far as the fame aft doth or may relate to the courts of 7 juftice holden within the faid principality, and for explaining and amending the faid aft.

WHEREAS in and by an aft made in the fifth year of his 5 Geo.i. c.7. prefent Majesty's reign, intituled, An a61 to explain, a-

mend



380	Anno	fexto	Georgii.II. c. 14^	[*733-

mend and render more effe&ual an adl made in the twelfth iaGeo.i.c.29. year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An act to prevent vexatious arrejis, it is (inter alia) en-aftedy That ivkere the caufe of aftion floould not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards, in any fuperior court, the writ, procefs 9 declaration and all other proceedings Jfhould be in the Englifh tongue, and written in words at lengthy in a common legible hand and character^ and the defendant or defe?idants in fuch cafes (a copy of fuck procefs in Englifh having been ferved, as by the faid aft is direfted) Jhall appear at the return thereof or within eight days after fuch return: and whereas the courts of great fejfions in the principality of Wales, and the court of ajjize in the county palatine of Chefter, are held only for and during the fpace of fix days, therefore for the more effectual and fpeedy determination of all actions perfonal, to be commenced in the faid courts of great feflions, and the faid	court of aflize refpeddively, where the debt or damages ex-

prefled	in the faid procefs, or declared for, do not amount to

the fum of ten pounds, be it enacted therefore by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent In perfonal ac- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That irTthe	*n	Per^ona^ a(^ons where the debt or damages as afore-

courtsof 6	not amount to the fum ten pounds, to be corn-

great feffions, menced in the faid courts of great feflions and aflize, and where &c.on original the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adtion or a&ions, fhall fue id fer- out an original writ or procefs, and ferve the defendant or defendants with a true copy thereof, by a literate perfon, at lead eight days before the commencement of the faid courts of great feflions and aflize refpe&ively, and fhall caufe on every copy of fuch procefs to be written the notice in the faid adt fpecified anddefen-	and directed, the defendant or defendants in fuch cafes fhall

dant’s nonap-	appear at the return of fuch original writ or procefs, or at or

thertflrd at	before the third court to be held in the fame refpedtive courts

court,	of great feflions and aflize, and in cafe the faid defendant or

defendants fhall not appear at the return of the faid original writ or procefs, or at or before the faid third court, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on affidavit of or his or their attorney, upon affidavit being made and filed Service, may ]n the proper court, of the perfonal fervice of fuch writ or procefs as aforefaid (which faid affidavit fhall be filed in the faid court, and for the filing whereof there fhall be paid the fum of one fhilling to the proper officer, and no more) to enter an appearance for fuch defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon as if the defendant or defendants had entred his, her or their appearance to fuch a6tion or actions; any law or ufage in the faid courts of great feflions or of affize to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, no attorney, bailiff or other perfon py andYervice. fhall have, take, charge or demand more than the fum of five fhillings for the making and ferving a copy of fuch original writ pr procefs iffuing out pf fuch courts pf great feflions or qf

writ and vice. See.

Plaintiff, &c.

enter appearance for him.

^s. onlyforco-



I733-] Anno fexto Georgii II. C.14I	381

aflize, on fuch defendant or defendants refpe&ively as afore-faid.

III.	And whereas doubts have arifen ivhether an aft made in the The fourth year of his prefent Majejiys reign, intituled', An a61 that c-26- that pro-all proceedings in courts of juflice within that part of Great courts?f ju-Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scot- ftice (hall be in land, (hall be in the Englifh language, doth extend to the faid Englifh, ex-courts of great feffions and other courts in the principality of Wales, tj^ded to the faid courts of great feffions, and the faid other courts in the faid Wa es* principality, not being therein mentioned; for the removing and obviating of fuch doubts, be it further enafted, and it is hereby declared, That the faid lad mentioned aft, and all claufes

and direftions therein, fhall be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby direfted to be deemed and taken to extend to the faid courts of great feffions, and all other courts within the faid principality of Wales, in as large, ample and beneficial manner as if the faid courts of great feffions, and the faid other courts in the faid principality, had been particularly mentioned and expreffed in the faid aft.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That where any per- Penalties for Ton or perfons fhall offend againft the faid lafl mentioned aft offences there in the faid courts of great feffions, or the faid other courts in againft the Wales, that the penalty expreffed in the faid aft to be forfeited recover^ and paid for fuch offence, fhall and may be fued for and reco-

vered by fuch perfon who fhall fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, either in any of his Majefly’s courts of record in Weflminjler, as by the faid aft is direfted, or in the court of great feffions held for the county where the ' fame offence fhall be committed, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all writs, procefs and returns thereof, and proceedings thereon, and all pleadings, rules, orders, indiftments, informations, inquifitions, preferments, verdifts, prohibitions, certificates, patents, charters, pardons, commiffions, records, judgments, ftatutes, recognizances, bonds, rolls, entries, fines and recoveries, and all proceedings relating thereunto, and all proceedings of courts leet, courts baron and cuflomary courts, and all copies thereof, and all proceedings whatsoever, in any courts of juflice within England, Wales and the town of Berwick Upon Tweed, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the law and adminiflration of juflice, may from After 25 and after the twenty-fifth day Qf March one thousand feven March 1733, hundred and thirty-three, be written or printed in a common no penalty to. legible hand and charafter, and with the like way of writing fo/abbrevia-or printing, and with the like manner of expreffing numbers tions com_ by figures, as have been heretofore or are now commonly ufed monly ufed m in the faid courts refpeftively, and with fuch abbreviations Englifh, nor as are now commonly ufed in the Englifh language, and that

qo penalty or punifhment fhall be incurred, by virtue of the

faid



Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 15,16.	[1733.

faid recited a<51, for any other offence than for writing or printing any of the proceedings, or other the matters and things above mentioned, in any hand commonly called Court Hand9 or in any language except the Englijh language, nor (ball any fuch penalty or punifhment be extended to the expreffing the proper or known names of writs or other procefs or technical. words in the fame language as hath been commonly ufed, fo as the fame be written or printed in a common legible hand and character, and not in any hand commonly called Court Hand; and that all profecutions for offences againft the faid a6t fhall be commenced within three months after the fame fhall be committed 5 and that the feveral officers in the feveral offices of the King’s and the lord treafurer’s remembrancer, and Procefs of the in the offices of the clerk of the pipe, and the clerk of eftreats pipe office,&c. in his  Majesty’s court of exchequer, fhall and may write and may be iffued fencj out) jn pr0Cefs for his  Majesty’s fervice, rolls or fche-a* ormer y, ^ules Qf aq fuch debts as have been forfeited and became due and owing to his faid Majesty, before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, in the if the procefs fame manner they ufed to do, provided the writ or procefs to annexed be in be annexed to the faid rolls or Schedules fhall be in the Englijh Enghffi, and a tongue and in a common legible hand, and according to the common an 'direction*of the faid recited act; any thing in the faid a£t made in the fourth year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-

Profecutions be commenced within 3 months.

CAP. XV.

An act for making more effectual an act pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the parifli of Enfield in the county of Middle-fex, to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware in the county of Hertford, and for amending the road from the faid great bridge to the fouth end of the great bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great road at Cheffiunt to the weft end of Small Lea Bridge in the faid county of Hertford.

All powers granted by the a£t n Geo. i. c. n. for repairing Enfield road further continued for 7 years, and after 3 May 1733, extended to Wades Mill, See.

CAP. XVI.

An a£l for repairing the roads leading from a place called Saint John’s Bridge in the county of Berks, to a place called Fyfield in the faid county.

The toll took place from the firft day of June 1733, and Is to have continuance for 21 years. Continued by iz Geo. 2. c. n.

CAP.



1733*1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 17.

CAP. XVII.

An all for repealing an all for laying a duty on compound waters or fpirits> and for licenfing the retailers thereof \ and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies,

Moft gracious Sovereign,

H ERE AS an alt of parliament made in the fecond year of % Geo. 2,0,17. your Majesty s reign, intituled, An a61 for laying a duty on compound waters or fpirits, and for licenfing the retailers thereof, hath not anfwered the good purpofes thereby intended, and hath been a difcouragement. to the difilling of fpirits from corn in Great Britain, we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moft: humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadled, and be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day The ^ ^ of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, the faid * ter a6t and every matter and thing therein contained, fhall be and ecj. ’ is hereby repealed; any thing in the faid a& to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	#

II. And whereas by an alt of parliament rnade in the feventh and Thedutiesim-eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Thirds pofed by 7&8 of glorious memory, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty 3* c- 2°*j°n an additional duty upon all French goods and merchandizes, it is Sealed™*1 ^ among(I other things enacted, "That for every tun of French brandy rep of ftngle proof imported after the tiventy eighth day of February one thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, for the term of thirty one years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament , there fhould be paid the fum of thirty pounds, and for every tun of French brandy of double proof imported as aforejaid, fixty pounds, over and above the duties charged thereupon, without any de-duBion, and fo proportionally for a greater or leffer quantity, which faid Jeveral duties have been by feveral alts of parliament fince con-tinned^ and are now payable to his Majefty: and whereas the high duties upon French brandies have tempted ?nany of the traders therein to import great quantities thereof from Flemifh ports9 and as German or Flemifh brandy, to the great prejudice of the revenue and the' fair trader; for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, the faid duty of thirty pounds per tun on French brandy of Angle proof, and fixty pounds per tun on French brandy of double proof, (hall ceafe, determine and be no longer paid or payable.

III. And to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen in the refpedtive funds, to which the duties by this a6t determined were appropriated and applicable, by the deter-

mina-

383



384	Anno fexto Georgii II. c. ty.[1733;

mination of the aforefaid duties; we your  Majesty’s faid dutiful and loyal lubjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have, in lieu of the faid laft mentioned duties here'-* by determined, freely and unanimoufly refolved to give and grant to your Majesty the duty and impofition herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ^tCr to be*10 ena<^e(^>anc* lt ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from pa?d,>irTlieuofanc^ a^ter t^ie	twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven

the duties of hundred and thirty three, in lieu of the faid duties hereby deter-30 and 60I. mined, there be raifed, levied*collected and paid unto his Majesty, per tun, his heirs aad fUCceffors, the feveral rates and duties of excife herein after exprefled, that is to fay, for brandy, For every gallon of Angle brandy, fpirits or Aqua Vit<z im-* See. imported ported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before per gallon is-landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, one! (hilling.

Double bran- For every gallon of brandy, fpirits or Aqua Vit& above proof, dy 2s.	commonly	called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the

Appropriated by feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above ^Geo. 2.c. 23. duties payable for the fame, two (hillings.

To be levied FV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the as the dutiesof:kid feveral rates, duties and impofitions (hall be raifed, levied, excife on	collected, paid and accounted for unto his Majesty, his heirs

beer, &c.	and fucceffors, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules,

v	ways	and means, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and dif-

abilities, and with fuch power of mitigation, and other powers, and with fuch allowances, as any the duties of excife upon beer, ale or other liquors are by any act or acts of parliament ,or law whatsoever now in force, enacted, appointed or allowed to be raifed, levied, collected, managed, recovered and paid; and that fo much of the faid act? as are now in force for the raifing, levying, collecting, paying and anfwering the faid duties of ex-* cife, (hall be continued, and be practifed, put in execution and obferved, in and for the raifing, levying, collecting, managing, adjudging and anfwering the faid duties of excife by this act granted, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly and at large re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

The money V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ar’Jjngbythefe That the feveral and refpective commiflioners of excife (hall pay all the monies that they refpectively (hall receive of the faid duties (the neceffary charges of receiving, levying, managing and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of his Maje-fty’s exchequer, diftinct and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this act expreffed.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-ated 'to^the^" kid* That the monies ariftng by the faid duties by this act fame ufes^s charged and impofed, fhall be appropriated, iftued and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated and made payable to the fame ufes, intents and purpofes as the faid laft mentioned duties, hereby determined as aforefaid, were appropriated and applicable before the making of this prefent act, and (hall have

the

duties to be paid difiint from others.

the duties hereby de termiaed.



1733-]	Anno	fexto	GRoRgii	II.	d.	if	$8$,

the fame continuance, and (hall be alfo fubjeCl and liable to the fame redemption by parliament as the faid lad mentioned duties* hereby determined as aforefaid, were fubjeCI and liable unto.

VII.	And for the encquragement of the exportation of fpirits Spirits drawri drawn from corn in Great Britain, be it further eria&ed by the *r0[11 Bntifh authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth ^Vu^of0^ day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, it (hall ther materials* and may be lawful to and for any diftiller or diftiliers, dr othef perfon or perfons, to export fuch fpirits drawn from corn as a-fbrefaid, upon oath made before any two or more of the com-miffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any fuch fpirits, drawn from corn in Great Bri-toiny are intended to be exported, That the fame are drawn from on oat^ corn in Great Britain without any mixture with any other ma- certificate, terials, either native or foreign, and that the duties of the fame are duly entred and paid, and that the fame are exported for merchandize to be fpent beyond the feas; and upon producing a certificate under the hands of the officers of excife for the port or place where fuch fpirits were (hipped, of the quantity fo (hipped, and that the fame was (hipped in the prefence of fuch' officer, that fuch diftiller or diftiliers, or other perfon or perfons* fo exporting the fame, (hall be allowed or paid back by the com- allowed a miffioners of excife, or their collector for the port or place drawback ait where fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped off, the fum of four pounds 4-1 • l8s* Per eighteen (hillings for every tun of fuch fpirits fo (hipped off, and turu fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, in full of all	*

drawbacks and' bounty that can be made for the fame, except the bounty of one pound ten (hillings for every tun of fuch fpirits* which (Mil be payable at the cuftom houfe in manner herein 3fter directed.

VIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the firft year of the reign iW.&M, if the late King William and fpueen Mary, intituled, An aCt for >■ e* **•. encouraging the exportation of corn, an allowance of two Jhillings and fix pence per quarter is to be paid to the exporter of barley or malt> when the fame is fold at twenty four fillings the quarter or under : and whereas in the making of a tun of fpirits drawn. from barley of malt twelve quarters of barley or malt are made ufe of but it is uncertain hoiv much of the faid barley is made into malt; for prevent- When barley mg any queftion or difpute that may arife thereupon, be it en- 1S at 24s* Per aCted by the authority aforefaid. That for every tun of fpirits ftuartej> drawn from barley, malt or other corn, there (hall be paid to the exporter of the fame, by the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s cu-itoms, or other proper officers belonging to them, when barley is at twenty four (hillings per quarter or under, upon fuch proof of the exportation of the fame, as by the fai l aCt is dire&ed, and out of fuch duties as are liable to the payment of thebouh- as a draw" ties on corn exported, the fum of one pound ten (hillings, in the back for each fame manner as if the like quantity of barley, malt or other tun of malt corn had been exported, and fo in proportion for a greater or ffiints export* leffer quantity.	ec**

IX; Provided always3 and be it further enaCted by the autho-Vo h.'XVL	Ce	ritj*



386

Not to alter

Anno fexto Georgii II.

U733-

ipirits of the

American

plantations.

50I, penalty on cuftom-houfe officer for every ne-gle6f of his duty herein.

e. 17.

rity aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be the duties pay-conftmedj deemed or taken to extend to alter the duties now a:> eon rum or pa*1(j on rum or fpirits that fhall be of the growth or manufacture of his  Majesty’s plantations in America.

X. And for the more effectual fecuring the due execution by the inferior officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms of the proviftons in the feveral acftsfor preventing the running of brandies: be it enacted-* by the authority aforefaid, 'That when any officer or officers of the cuftoms (hall negle6f to feize and profecute any vef-fel, boat, horfes or other cattle or carriage which (hall be forfeited for the caufes above mentioned, every fuch officer and officers being thereof lawfully convidted upon his or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeiilon of the officer or officers, by or before one or more juft ice or juftices of the peace of the county, divifion or liberty where fuch offence (hall be committed, or the offender fhall be found (which oath fuch juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby required to admini-fter) the officer and officers fo convicted fhall feverally forfeit for every fuch neglecft the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the King, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the informer or profecutor, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch offender fhall be convidled as aforefaid; and for want of fuch diftrefs, every fuch offender (hall by fuch juftice or juftices be committed to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix months.

XI. And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid,. on hawkingor That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand idling bran- feven hundred and thirty three, no perfon or perfons fhall hawk dy, &c. about or fell, or cxpofe to fale, any brandy, ftrong waters or other the ftreets. fpirils about the ft^eets in any wheelbarrow, or upon the water in any fhip, boat or veffel, or in any other manner whatever, or (hall fell or expofe the fame to fale on any bulk or bulks, fhed or (beds, flail or (falls, or on or in any other place or places, other than the dwelling houfe of the perfons fo felling the fame, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds; and that it fhall and may be lawful for any one or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace for or near the place or places where fuch laft mentioned offence or offences (hall be committed, and he or they are hereby impowered to hear and determine, upon the confeffion of the offender, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath or oaths the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) in a fummary manner, every fuch offence or offences, upon complaint made to him or them thereof within one calendar month next after the offence is committed; and if any perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed of any fuch offence or offences, the faid penalty or forfeitures (hall and may be railed and levied by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be

aP"

10I. penalty



2% 7

1733-] Anno fexto Georg ii II. c. 18-21?

appointed by the faid juftice or juftices, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and Teals; and that after the fame (hall be levied, it fhall be paid, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers, and the other moiety into the hands of the over-feers of, and for the ufe of, the poor of that parifh where any fuch offence or offences fhall happen to be committed ; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons as fhall have been convidted of any fuch offence or offences laft mentioned fhall refufe to pay the fum of ten pounds, or fhall not have goods and chattels upon which the fame may be levied, the faid juftice or juftices of the peace fhall and may commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor left than one month.

CAP. XVIII.

An a£l for continuing a duty of two pennies Scots or one fixth part of a penny llerling upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed and fold within the town of Linlithgow and liberties thereof, in the county of Well Lothian, for paying the debts of the faid town, and other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

The duty of two pennies Scots granted by 9 Geo. 1. c. 20. further continued for 21 years from 1 July 1734.

CAP. XIX.

An a<5t for making a chapel in the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon a perpetual cure, and for providing a maintenance for the mi-nillers who fhall officiate therein.

The faid new chapel made a perpetual cure, and veiled in the prefent four minillers and their fuccelfors, as a body corporate. 60I. per ann. allowed to the minillers, to be paid quarterly. Divine offices to be performed therein by rotation. This a6t not to diveil the Minillers of any ecclefi-aftical duties within the parilh. The wardens of the church of Tiverton to be wardens of the new chapel, and may difpofe of the pews, &c. to the inhabitants, but not to others. The minillers may appoint a clerk and other officers, with falaries not exceeding iol. per ann. The money railed by pews, &c. to be accounted for as belonging to the parilh of Tiverton, but appropriated, in the firll place, to defray the charges of the chapel. The chapel to be fubjeCl to the jurifdi&ion of the bilhop of Exon.

CAP. XX.

An a<5l for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6l pafled in the tenth year of the reign of her late majelty Queen Anne, intituled. An

aEl for the better repairing and amending the road leading from Ipfwich to Cleydon, and the road called the PyeRoad in the county ^Suffolk, a'adfor amending the roads leading from Yaxley Bull through Eye to Lanthorn Green in the faid county.

The toll took place the firll day of June 1733, and is to have continuance

for 21 years.

CAP. XXL

An a£l for providing a maintenance for the re&or of the new church near Old-ftreet in the parifh of faint Giles Cripplegate, and for making that part of the faid parilh, which is called The Lordlhip Part, a diltinCt parilh, and for impowering the commiffioners for building of the fifty new churches, to apply a fum of money to wall in the laid church and church yard, and to ereCl a houfe for the habitation of the reClor of the faid church, out of the money appropriated for the endowment of the faid fifty new churches,

C c z	' Appoint-

On want of dillrefs, offender to be fent to the houfe of correction.



Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 22. C1733*

Appointment of 3,5001. out of the coal duties to the ufe of the minifter 120I. per ann. to be paid to the minifter quarterly. The new diftri£t to be a diftin6l parifh. 2,bool to be p&id by 25 June 1733. Veftry may make rates for buying necefTaries for the facrament, &c. The clerk of the new parifh to be a member of the company of parifh clerks. The re&or of the new church to pay the prefent clerk of the old parifli 25I. per ann. On death or refignation of the prefent clerk, the rettor of the new parifh to pay iol. per annum to the re6tor of the old parifli., New ise6loiy not to be held in Commend am.

GAP. XXII.

An aft for filling up fuch part of the channel 6f Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge, and for converting the ground\ when filled np, to the ufe of the city of London.

Wr H E R E A S by an aft of parliament made in the two and tiventieth year of the reign of his late majefiy king Charles the Second, intituled, An additional a61 for the rebuilding of tile city of London, uniting of parifhes, and rebuilding of the cathedral and parochial churches within the faid city, it was (amongjl other things') enafted, "That for the convenience of trade, the channel of Bridewell Dock, from the channel of the river of Thames to Holborn Bridge, Jhould be funk to a fufficient level, whereby to make it navigable, of fuch breadth and under fuch other limitations as in that aft is mentioned 3 and the tolls and other profits arifing by the navigation were by the faid aft vefied in the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the city of London, for the prefervation of the faid navigation, fluices and other incident charges thereof: and whereas a channel was made and levelled purfuant to the faid aft, but that part of the faid channel which lies between Fleet Bridge (at the end of Fleet Street) and Holborn Bridge, is by experience found to be of no convenience or benefit to the trade of the faid city of London, and being difufed in navigation, andfilled and choaked up with mud, has been for Jeveral years lafi pafl, and now is, a grievous and dangerous nufance, not only to the neighbouring inhabitants, but alfo to his Ma-jeftfs fubjefts in general pajfing and repaffng by the fame: wherefore your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the city of London, do mod humbly be-feech your Majedy that it may be ena£led, bV.

Lord mayor and citizens of London may fill up part of Fleet Ditch at their own expence, and the fee-fimple of the ground thereof veiled in them and their fucceffors for ever. Sufficient drains to be made. No houfes or fheds to be ere6ted thereon exceeding *5 feet in height. Saving claufe to any perfons interefted in the premiftes.

CAP.



1733-] Anno fexto Georgii c. 23.

3*9

CAP. XXIII.

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An aft for the further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of fheriffs and other officers in the elefting and returning fuch members., fo far as the fame relates to the holding of county courts.

WHEREAS by an aft pojfed in the feventh and eighth years 7 & 8 W. 3, of the reign of king William the Third, intituled. An aft c'e5* for the further regulating eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of ffieriffs and other officers in the elefting and returning fuch members, it was (among ft other things) enafted, That the Jheriff of any county, upon the election to be made of any knight or knights of the Jhire,

Jhould proceed to eleftion at the next county court, unlefs the fame Jhould fall out to be held within fix days after the receipt of the writ,

, er upon the fame day, and then Jhould adjourn the faid court to feme convenient day, giving ten days notice of the time and place of eleftion : and whereas by the fame aft it zvas alfo enacted. That all county courts held for the county of Y ork, or any other county courts, which were ufed to be held on a Monday, Jhould from thenceforth be called and begun on a Wednefday: and ivhereas there wa£no exprefs pro-vifion to prevent the adjournment of any county court to a Monday, zvhereby doubts have arifen whether the fame might not be adjourned to a Monday, which is declared by the faid aft to be a very inconvenient day to all the fuitors thereunto, with hath given occafion to county courts being frequently adjourned over to a Monday, to the great inconvenience of fuch fuitors, who at eleftions for knights of the floire, and their fervices at other times, are thereby obliged to travel on Sun-days: and whereas there is no provifion made by the faid oft, with relation to not adjourning county courts to a Friday or Saturday, which is as inconvenient to all the fuitors as if the fame were adjourned to a Monday; for remedy whereof be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thou- After 24 June fand feven hundred and thirty three, no county court whatfo- T73X>n0cornu ever, held within that part of Great Britain called England, fhall Great ^"Britain be adjourned to a Monday, a Friday or Saturday, and that all and to be adjourn-every fuch adjournment and adjournments, and all and every ed to a Mon-aft and deed done or performed at fuch courts fo adjourned, Friday fhall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be utterly null and void	''

to ,all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any law, cuftom or isGeo.z.c.i&. ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding. feft. 11.

IE Provided neverthelefs, That any county court began, gut county holden on or adjourned to a day not prohibited by this aft, or courts begun fhe faid other recited aft, for elefting any knight or knights of on any other

C c 3-	the



390

days may be adjourned to thofe.

Anno fextoGEORGii II. c. 24, 25.	[173

the {hire for any county, or for hearing and determining caufes, or fuch other matters and bufineft as are ufually tranfabted at county courts within the limits aforefaid, may be adjourned over from day to day, though the fame may happen on a Monday ■> Friday or Saturday, until fuch election or fuch other matters as aforefaid be fully finifhed and determined; any thing in this prefent a61 contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-{landing.

CAP. XXIV.

An a£t for the more effedlual repairing the roads leading from Wades Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Roylton in the faid county.

The tolls took place from the 24-th day of June'1733, and have continuance for 21 years. Continued by 16 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXV.

An 951 for enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thou-fand pounds out of the finking fund for the fervice of the year one thousand fieven hundred and thirty three, and for the further difpojition of the faid fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities, and for enabling his Majesty out of the monies arifen by fale of the lands in the ifland of faint Chriftopher, to pay the fum of eighty thousand pounds for the marriage portion cf the princefs royal, and ten thousand pounds to the truftees for eftablijhing the colony of Georgia, in America, and for making good all deficiencies and charges by taking of broad pieces into the mint, out of the coinage duty ; and for appropriating the fapplies granted in this feffion of parliament, and for iffu-ing to the fubdean, treafurer and fteward of the collegiate church of faint Peter Weftminfter, out of the monies re-fierved for building fifty new churches within the cities of London and Weftminfter and the fuburbs thereof and for making provifons for the minifters of the fame, four thousand pounds for the repair of the faid collegiate churchy and twelve hundred pounds for finifhing the dormitory belonging thereunto.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE your  Majesty’s moft dqtiful and loyal fubj efts the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being defirous to have the puhlick debts and incumbrances leffened and aifcharged, as faft as conveniently may be with regard to juftice and the publick faith, and at the fame time to raife a fum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds towards the fup-ply for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent ma-

-	■■	■	jety*



1

*733-] Anno fext;o Georgii II. C.25.	391

jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembl-

ed, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch 5°°,oool. out

monies as are or fhall be in the receipt of his  Majesty’s ex“ the Tnkf^"

chequer of the furpluffes, exceffes and overplus monies, com- funcj a^Mid?

monly called The Jinking Fund, at or at any time before the dimmer 1733,

feaft of the nativity of faint John Baptift which fhall be in the to be iiFued

year of our lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty three towards thCe

(after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and currencyea^

fums of monies as have been directed by any former adts to

be paid out of the fame) there fhall be iffued, paid and applied,

a fum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, towards

the fupply for the faid year one thousand feven hundred and

thirty three as aforefaid, and the lords commifTioners of his

MajeftyJs treafury, or any three or more of them now being,

and the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffio-

ners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized

and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That The monies by or out of fuch monies as are or fhall be in the receipt of the pbJ ^ exchequer of the faid furpluffes, exceffes and overplus monies, afterwards commonly called The finking fund, arifen or to arife at or from applied to-the feaft of faint Michael the Archangel which fhall be in the wards dif-year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty three	0f

(after payment of or referving fufficient to pay the faid fum of south Sea* five hundred thousand pounds, and fuch other monies as have annuities, been directed by any former adl or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there fhall be iffued, paid and applied to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, at the faid feaft day, and afterwards quarterly from time to time, as the fame (hall arife, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall on fuch quarter day or days be in the receipt of the exchequer, for or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the capital (lock of annuities remaining due to the faid company until the fame payments fhall in the whole amount to the fum of one million fterling; and that as the faid payments of principal money (hall be from time to time made, a proportional part of their faid capital ftock, of annuities, and of the annuities attending thereon, and of the allowance for charges of management, (hall alfo from time to time ceafe and determine for the benefit of the publick: but as it may fo happen, that on the faid feaft day of faint Michael the Archangel, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, there may not be fufficient money in the exchequer arifen from the faid furpluffes to fatisfy and pay the faid intire fum of one million, and the faid South-Sea company may defire then to receive the whole fum in one intire payment, in order to make one diftribution of the whole amongft all the proprietors of their faid capital ftock of annuities at one time, jae it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon appli-

Cc|	cation



39*

Treafury may borrow money at 3I. per. cent, on the faid fund to iiipply deficiencies?

The money io be equally diftributed to the proprie-

Truft eftates to be prefefv-cd? ‘

Anno fexto Georgii II. G.25. f1733 •

cation being made by the faid company to the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and giving them notice of iuch their defire to have and receive the faid one million in one intire payment, ten days at lead before the faid feaft day, it (hall and may "be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea-r furer, by warrant under their hands to permit or fuffer any per-fon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the receipt of his exchequer fo much money, as together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (hall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million, upon credit of the growing produce pf the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they fhall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an interefi: for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum * and in fuch cafe the money fo to be lent or advanced, fhall be iffued and paid to the faid company, together with the monies then remaining in the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, to compleat the payment of the faid entire fum of one million, and the monies which from thenceforth (hall arife from the faid furpluffes, (hall quarterly be iffued and applied to difeharge and fatisfy fuch loans with the interefi: thereof, in the due order and common courfe of the exchequer, in cafes of loans; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

II.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid South-Sea company fhall forthwith, upon the receipt of the faid fum of one million, or as foo.n after as conveniently may be, divide out and diftribute the fame, as near as conveniently may be done, amongft all the feveral proprietors, of their faid capital (lock of annuities, towards finking and difeharging fo much of their fhares or interefts in the faid capital.(lock, of annuities, by even and equal dividends amongft them all, in proportion to their refpeftive fhares or interefts therein.

IV.	And to the end, intent and purpose that all truft eftates ^nd filtered, in the faid capital ftock of annuities of the South-? Sea company may be preferved and improved for the benefit of the perfons concerned therein, with the lead: expence and inconvenience to them, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in all and every cafe and cafes where, in purfuance of this a6f, any payments or dividends (hall be made of the capital of any fuch annuity ftock as fhall be vefted in any perfon or per-, fons in truft for other perfons, who have or claim diftindf or different interefts therein, or for any other ends or purpofes for which the capital fum or annuity ought to be preferved intire, fuch payments or dividends of the capital ftock of annuities (hall pot be paid or applied as di vidends of profit, annuity or intereft, fhall remain ip the hands of fyph truftees rcfpedtively, till

qtherwife



1^33•] Anno fexco Georgii II. c. 25.	393

otherwife aifpofed of at intereft, and for that purpofeit (hall and may be lawful to and for the truftee or truftees who fhall receive the fame, at his or their difcretion, to lay out or difpofe of the fame or any part thereof, in the purchafe of fo much other capital ftock of the fame kind, as at the current market price of fuch annuity (lock, the monies received for fuch dividends fhall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchafe, which new purchafed ftock of annuities' (hall be transferred to fuch truftee or truftees, and a receipt or receipts fhall be given and figned by the perfon or perfons transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame ; and in cafe fuch truftees refpedlively, by writing indorfed on or annexed to fuch receipts, and figned or acknowledged before one of the mafters of the high court of chancery, fhall declare that the monies in the faid receipts were the pro;-duce of the faid dividends of the faid capital ftock of annuities (which figning or acknowledgment fuch mafters in chancery are hereby required to accept or take, and each and every fuch ma-fter, before whom the fame fhall be done, fhall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubfcribing his name thereto, for doing whereof fuch mafter fhall be paid for each certificate one (hilling and no more) then and in every fuch cafe, the annuity ftock mentioned in fuch receipts to be transferred, fhall refpec-tively go and be deemed fubjedl and liable to the fame trqfts, for the benefit of the fame perfons, and for the fame ufes, ends.

Intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft annuity ftock remaining in fuch truftees refpedtively will or ought to be fubjedt and liable to, and fuch truftees refpedtively fhall from thence-? forth be indemnified from any lofs, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the expence of the faid truft eftates.

V.	Provided always, that nothing in this adt contained fhall Not to hinder

extend or be conftrued to extend to reftrain or prohibit any fuch the difpofmg truftees from laying out or difpofing of any of the faid truft of truft menies monies in any other purchafes or any other fecurities, whether	e“

publick or private* if they fhall fo think fit, in the fame manner

and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves, as they might have done if this adt had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That go,pool, out

out of the money arifen by fale of the lands in the ifland of of the fale of Saint Clmftopher, now remaining in the exchequer, there be if-	,

fued and applied the fum of eighty thousand pounds for the mar- i^andgranted riageNportion of her royal highnefs the princefs royal, without as the mar-any deduction, fee or reward whatfoever; any law ftatute or pro- riage portion vifion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	oi tlie prmcefi

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,roya ,

d T0,000 1. the colony Georgia.

there fhall and may be iffued and applied, out of the money a-rifen by fale of the lands in the iiland of Saint Chriflopher, now remaining in the exchequer, the fum of ten thouland pounds, tq the truftees for eftablifhing the colony of Georgia in America,

to

That after fatisfying and paying, or reierving fufficient to fatisfy and pay the fum of eighty thousand pounds, by this act granted ^ as a marriage portion to her royal highnefs the princefs royal, 0



Anno fexto GeorGII II. C. 25.	[1733.

to be applied towards defraying the charges of carrying over and fettling foreign and other proteftants in the faid colony.

The appro- VIIL Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority a-priation of forefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either

grained'This	*oans or exchccluer uPon one 2& this feffion of parlia-

fcffion.	ment,	intituled,	An	aft	for continuing the duties upon malt, mum,

cyder and perry, in that part of GreatBritain called England, and for granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to he paid for their indentures and contracts, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted and continued, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a6t, and all the inte-refc, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficent (ball be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a6t of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax to he raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty ihree, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a6t, and all the intereft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved to difcharge the fame; and the fum of five hundred thousand pounds by this a6t granted out of the furpluffes, ex-ceffes or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, a-rifen or to arife into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, at or before the feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty three ; and alfo the fum of thirty three thousand one hundred forty three pounds fix (billings and one penny halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of exchequer for arrears of former land taxes, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein ex-preffed, fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch reftridtions as are herein after prefcribed ; that is to fay,

751,49? 1. T9?. IX. It is hereby enadled and declared. That out of all or any 2d. tor naval the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and eivices. applied any fum or firms of money not exceeding feven hundred thirty one thousand four hundred ninety eight pounds nineteen (hillings and eight pence, for or towards the naval fer-vices herein after more particularly expreffed, that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extra-



395

?733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 25.

traordinary repairs of his  Majesty’s navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed.

X.	And it is hereby further enabled, That out of all or any

.the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iiTued j ^ and applied any fum or lums of money not exceeding ten thou- Greenwich fand pounds, upon account, for or towards the fupport of the Hofpital. royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in -the fervice of their country.

XI.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the

aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be ifiued and for the applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feventy nine ordnance, thousand one hundred eighty pounds feventeen (hillings and four pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice not provided for by parliament.

XII.	And it is hereby likewife enadted, That out of all oj* any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding nine hundred feven thousand five hundred ninety two 9°7>5921- *3** pounds thirteen (hillings and ten pence, for or towards main-

taining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum of money not exceeding fix hundred fifty one thousand four hundred 651}4g4i. I7S# eighty four pounds feventeen (hillings and one penny halfpenny, 1 d. halfpenny for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand feven hundred f°r guards, and nine men, including commiffion and non-commiffion of-fleers and invalids, for guards, garrifons and fix independent Britain. r companies for the fervice of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey, and o-ther fervices relating to the forces for the year one thoufand	Ss*

feven hundred and thirty three; and any fum or fums of money, for’t^! p^n\a-not exceeding one hundred fixty four thousand eight hundred tions, thirty five pounds eight (hillings and one penny halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations,

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the garrifon at Annapolis Royal, Canfo, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty three 5 and any fum or fums * d* for chell pf money, not exceeding twenty five thousand one hundred tea Hofpital. twenty eight pounds fifteen (hillings and five pence, upon account for out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty three; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feven thousand two hundred fifty fix pounds eight (hillings and two pence, for defraying feveral ex- for5extraordU traordinary expences and fervices incurred, and not provided for nary fervices." by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding 55,7171. 5s. fifty five thousand feven hundred feventeen pounds five (hillings, for half-pay upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s 01^cers* land forces and marines, for the year one thousand feven hun-’	4	dred

Hosted by aogle

396

g,i7ol. for wi-Sows of halfway officersf

in,5951.3 s. 4d. for deficiencies in tl year 173*.

43,174.1. 19s. 5<d. for deficiencies of the general fund.

io,oool.forthe forts of the A-firican company.

6,784!. to

William

Strode.

The aforefaid monies limited only to the ufes directed.

Anno fexto Geor<$ii II. c. 25.	l173$*

dred and thirty three; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay* as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thousand one hundred feventy ' pounds, for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen) for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty three; which faid fum of three thou-* land one hundred and feventy pounds fhall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons as his Majesty fhall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, diredt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of halfpay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts or other directions, and with and fubjedt to fueh conditions^ qualifications, deductions or other allowances for the fame, a§ his Majesty by fuch or the like warrant or warrants (hall be gracioufly pleafed, to direct or appoint.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may

; be Iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty one thousand three hundred ninety, five pounds three (hillings and four pence, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty two.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty three thousand two hundred feventy four pounds nineteen (hillings and nine pence, for making good the deficiency of the fund commonly called The general fund, for railing feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand feven hundred and thirty two; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of the Britijh forts and fet-tlements belonging to the Royal African company of England, on the coaft of Africa; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix thousand feven hundred and eighty four pounds, to be applied and paid to the truftees of William Strode an infant, in full (Satisfaction of all their demands on, claims to or intereft in certain lands and buildings thereon, called The Lqmbhay, in or near Plymouth in the county of Devon, ar*d now in the pof-fefsion of the crown.

XV.	And be it enadted, That the faid aids or fupplies, provided as aforefaid fhall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments, directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe

e?



l733*] Anno fexto Georgii II. c, 25.	397

or claufes for that purpose contained in any other ad or ads of this prefent fefsion of parliament.

XVI.	And as to the faid fum of fifty five thousand feven hun- Ruies to be dred feventeen pounds five (hillings, by this ad appropriated on obferved in account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enaded and de- application of dared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after pre- tiie a Tay* fcribed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay, That no perfen fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or imployment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefi-aftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commifsion, and has had no commifsion fince ; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of halfpay in Great Britain.

XVII.	And whereas by an alt of parliament made in the fifth year 5 Geo. 2, c.i 7* of his Majefiy s reign, intituled, An ad for the further application of the finking fund by paying off one million of South-Sea (lock; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefsion of parliament ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and orders loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed,ymrtfZ fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to fiveral ufis and purpofes therein expreffied, a?nongfi which any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty eight thousand fix hundred eighty eight pounds two /hillings was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiy s land forces and marines, fubjeft neverthelefi to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half -pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were prefcribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enaded and declared, overplus That fo much of the faid fum of fifty eight thousand fix hun- m0nies allovr-dred and eighty eight pounds two (hillings, as is or fhall be ed to reduced more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according officers 1732,

to the faid rules by the faid ad prefcribed to be obferved in the tc^e

...	,	r	r	r	. '	»	n	^	or to maimed

application thereot, or any part of luch overplus, mall or may officer^

be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as by reafon of their long fervice or otherwife his Majesty (hall judge to be proper objeds of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majesty *$ royal fign manual.



After 24 June 1733,the wages and allowance of viftuals of one man in e-very hundred, in (hips of war, to be allowed for re

Anno fexto GRoRGH IL c. 25.	[*733*

nual, as fhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the faid former aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of fiune one thou-fand feven hundred and thirty three there fhall be allowed upon the books of every fhip of war, in fea-pay, a man in every hundred men, that the complement of fuch Ihip of war fhall con-fift of, and that the produce of the wages of each fuch feaman, and value of his viftuals, fhall be given and applied to the relief of the poor widows of commifsion and warrant officers of the

lief of officers royal navy, according to fuch rules, orders and regulations, as widows. his Majesty hath eftablifhed and appointed, or fhall eftablifh and appoint for that purpofe; and the principal officers and commif-fioners of the navy royal, now and for the time being* and all cither perfons herein concerned, fhall and are hereby authorized and impowered to give allowance on fuch fhips books of the faid one man in every hundred men borne thereupon accord-ingly.

XIX.	And whereas on or about the nineteenth day of February one thousand feven hundred and thirty tivo an humble addrefs of the commons in parliament was prefented to his Majefly, that he would be pleased to authorize and require the officers of the mint to allow four pounds one filling per ounce troy to all fuch perfons as Jhould bring any cf the gold coins of twenty five fillings or tiventy three fillings, commonly called Bread Pieces, or any halves or quarters thereof into the mint for the fpace of one year, and to coin the fame into the other current gold coins of this kingdom ; and it zvas on the twentieth day of the /^February refolved by the faid commons, That the charge and wafie in melting the faid broad pieces and any halves and quarters thereof and the deficiency which fall be occafioned by receiving the fame into the mint at the rate of four pounds and one /billing per ounce troy, be made good out of the monies that have arifen or /ball arife by tbe coinage duty : and his Majefly, by a warrant under his royalfign manual bearing date the twenty eighth day of the faid February, did autho-rize and command the officers of his Majefly's mint to receive by weighty from all perfons and bodies politick and corporate, or any of them, all fuch of the faid coins as fall be brought into the mint within the fpace of one year, and to caufe the fame to be melted down into ingots, and to be coined into tbe current gold coins of this kingdom, and alfo to allow to the importers of/uchgold corns as aforefaid four pounds one filling per ounce troy for every ounce troy: be it therefore enafted by

^foned? 0C* t^e author5ty aforefaid, and it is hereby enafted, That the defi-C3 10116 &cy.ofcietlcy wffich will be occafioned by taking the faid gold coins into the mint at the rate of four pounds one (hilling per ounce troy, during the fpace of one year, and the charges of receiving, melting and affaying the fame, and of the wafte thereupon, be fupplied or made good out of the monies which have arifen or fhall arife by the duty commonly called Tbe coinage duty; any former aft or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That

receipt, the broad pieces to be fupplied out of the coinage duty.

Treafury may fue 4,0001.

Hosted by

Google

1733.] Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 26.	399

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of for repairing

his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now be- Weftmmfter

jng, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- -

mifiioners of the treafury for the time being, to'iflue and pay,

or caufe to be iflued and paid, out of the monies referved for

building fifty new churches within the cities, of London and

IVefiminfler and the fuburbs thereof, and for making provifion

for the miniflers of the fame, unto the fulxlcan, treafurer and

Reward of the collegiate church of Saint Peter IVefminfer for

the time being, the fum of four thousand pounds for the repair

of the faid collegiate church, to be imployed and laid out

thereupon in fuch manner, as to the dean and chapter of the

fame church, or the major part of them, fhall teem moft ne-

cefTary; and alfo to iffue and pay to the faid fub-dean, treafu- and 1,200b for

rer and Reward the further fum of one thousand two hundred fiiufhmg the

pounds, for finifhing the dormitory belonging to the faid col- dormitory.

legiate church, by and under the direbtion of the faid dean

and chapter as aforefaid •> any thing in this or any other abh or

abts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wife

notwithRanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An aSl to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the gold coins commonly called Broad Pieces.

WHEREAS upon an humble addrefs of the commons of EXP.

Great Britain in parliament ajfembled his Majesty was pleaf-edy with the advice of his privy counfel, to iJJ'ue his royal proclamation bearing date the twenty-firfl day ^/'February one thousand fe-ven hundred and thirty-two, prohibiting all perfons to receive or utter in payment, by tale, any of the gold coins of twenty-five Jhillings or twenty-three J,hillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any halves or quarters thereof; and was alfo gracimfiy pleafed, in order to give eafe to his people, and to prevent any confiderable lofs on account of the prohibition of the currency of the faid gold coins, by his faid proclamation to charge and command all the collectors and receivers of the revenues and taxes, for and during the fpace of one year from the Jaid twenty-fir ft of February, to receive fuch gold coins at the rate of four pounds and one finding per ounce troy in all payments on account of fuch revenues and taxes, and alfo to authorizey command and require the officers of the mint within the faid time to receive all fuch gold coins as aforefaid as fioould be brought into the mint, and to coin the fame into other current gold coins of this kingdom , and to alloiv for fuch gold coins fo to be brought in after the faid rate of four pounds and one filling per ounce troy: now to the intent that evil-minded perfons may not, for the fake of the advantages allowed for bringing in fuch gold coins, be induced to forge, counterfeit or coin the fame, be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of th,

fame



400	Afino fexto GEorgii II. c. 26.	£17337

fame, That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, on or before Before 21 Feb. the twenty-firft of February which (hall be in the year of our 1733, perfons lord one thousand ieven hundred and thirty-three, fhall forge, ferfl7t£orn’ counterfeit' or coin any of the faid gold Coins of twenty-five1 coining broad killings or twenty-three {hillings* commonly called Broad pieces (hall Pieces, or any halves or quarters thereof, or any other gold fuffer as in coins commonly called Broad Pieces, or any halves or quarters high treafon. thereof, or fhall utter or vend any of the faid gold coins, knowing them to be fo forged, counterfeited or coined as a-forefaid, then all and every fuch offender and offenders,5 their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors in that behalf fhall be and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and being of the faid offences, or of any of them, convicted or attainted, according to the order and courle of the laws of this realm, fhall fuffer death as in cafes of high treafon.

461. reward on II. And for the better difcovery of offenders in the premif-convidhng fes, be enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and e-fuch offendei, very perfon^ who fhall apprehend and take any perfon or perfons who have been or fhall be guilty of forging, counterfeiting or coining any of the faid gold coins, or of uttering or vending the fame, knowing them to be fo forged, counterfeited or coined as aforefaid, and fhall profecute fuch perfon or perfons, until he, fhe or they be convidled of fuch offences, or of any of them, fhall have and receive from the fherifF or fheriffs of the county where fuch conviction fhall be made, for every fuch offender fo conviCled, the Aim of forty pounds, to be paid, diffribute’d and defrayed in the fame manner, as the fum of forty pounds by an acl made in the fixth and feventh year to be paid as the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An act to the reward by prevent counterfeiting and dipping the coin of this kingdom, is to be the 3ft 6 Sc 7 defrayed, diftributed and paid to any perfon who (hall difcover, W. v c 3. a- -	-	-	-	-	-	-	~	•	■

gainlt clipping.

Offenders on convicting o-thers in titled to ids Ma-jelty’s pardon,

profecute and convidl any perfon or perfons of counterfeiting or any ways diminifhing the current coin of this realm, and fhall alfo be intitled to all fuch gold coins called Broad Pieces fd forged, counterfeited or coined, or knowingly uttered or vended as aforefaid, which fhall be found in the cuftody or poffef-fion of or (hall belong to fuch forgers, counterfeiters, coiners, Utterers or venders of the fame.

III. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or periods, being out of prifon, who (half have been guilty of forging, counterfeiting or coining any of the faid gold coins called Broad Pieces, or any halves or. quarters thereof, or of uttering or vending any of the fame, knowing them to be fo forged, counterfeited or coined as aforefaid, fhall difcover one or more perfons, who have been or (hall be guilty of the fame crimes, or of any of them, fo as one or more of the perfons fo difcovered fhall be convicfted of the fame, any fuch difcoverer or difcoverers fhall have, and is and are hereby intitled to, the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for all fuch crimes againft this a61, which he, flie or they have committed at any time or times before

fuch

1733-1 Anno fttfto Georgix II. C. 27.	401

filch difcovery made; and if the perfon making fuch difcovery and If appreit*

be an apprentice, he fh'all be deemed and taken and is hereby freemen^*16**

declared a freeman, and fhall arid niay exercife iny lawful treemen-.

trade, profeflion or myftety with all Jibetties arid privileges,

and in as full and ample manrier, as if th£ faid perfon had ferv-

ed the full time of his apprenticeship; any law, cuftom, fta-

tute or ordinance to the contrary notwithftandirig.

IV.	Arid be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That this adt or any thing herein contained, or any attainder tend to cor-or attainders of any perfon or perfon s for any offence or of- ruption of fences made treafon by this add, fhall not in any wife extend blood* &c* or be judged, interpreted or expounded to make any corruption of blood to ally the heir or heirs of fuch offender or offenders, or to make the wife of any fuch offender to lofe or forfeit her dower of or in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or her title, adtion or intereft to the fame.

V.	And that all and every perfon or perforis that fhall of offences how tnay .be accufed or impeached of any of the offences made to be tried* „ treafon by this adt, fhall and may be indidted, arraigned, tried, convidted and attainted by fuchlike evidence and in fuch

manner and form, as now are or may, by the laws of this realm, be had or ufed againft any offender or offenders for* counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom*	*

VI* Provided always. That no perfon fhall be ptofeCiited ProfeciiHofis for any offence againft this adt, unlefs the profecution againft to be com* him or her fhall be commenced within fix months after fuch	A

Offence committed.	the fatt*

CAP. XXVIt An add to explain and amend an adl made in the fecond year of his prefent Majejlfs reign* intituled, An adt for4 the better regulation of attorneys and folicitors.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fecond year of his prefent iGeb.i;

Majeftfs reign, intituled, An adt for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors, it was enabled. That from and after the firft day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty no perfon, ivho Jhould not before the faid firfi day of December have been fiuorn, admitted arid inroiled, purfuant to the directions of the faid adt, Jhould be permitted to add as an attorney, or to fue' out any writ or procefs, of to commence, carry on or defend any adt ion or adt ions or any proceedings^ either before or after judgment obtained, in the name or names of any other perfon or perfons^ in any' of the courts of law in the faid adt mentioned, unlefs fuch perfon Jhould have been bound by contradl in writing to ferve as a clerks fof and during the fpace of five years, to an attorney duly and legally furorn and admitted, as in the faid adt is diredted, in feme or one of the courts therein mentioned, and that fuch perfon, for and during the faid term of five years, Jhould have continued in fuch fervice, and cilfe unlefs futh perfon, after the expiration of the Jdid term of five years, should be examine dy fitiorn* admitted and inr oiled in the fame Vol. XVI.	Dd	manner

Relief for per* ions not in-rolled attornies, &c. pur-fuant to the faid aft.

Per Tons admitted attor-nies in any court at Weft-minfter, may be admitted il inferior t courts, if o~ j therwife duly qualified. j

Recital of the

9 Geo. i, ct 6.

Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 28.	1*733.

manner as the perfons who flmld be admitted attornies of the faid courts are therein required to be examined, [worn, admitted and in-rolled: now for the relief of perfons who have ferved for and during the fpace of five years, as clerks to attornies or folici-tors in any of the courts of law or equity in the faid aft mentioned, and have not been bound by contrafts in writing, and who were by ficknefs prevented from being fworn, admitted and inrolled attornies, purfuant to the directions of the faid aft, and for the relief of perfons who have ferved as clerks to fuch attornies or folicitors for and during the fpace of five years, and have been bound by contrafts in writing, but have not ferved for and during the fpace of five years fince the dates of fuch contrafts, or who, being fons of fuch attornies or folicitors, have ferved as clerks to their refpeftive fathers for and during the fpace of five years, but have not been bound by contrafts in writing, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every fuch perfon being firft examined and approved, as by the {aid aft is direfted, (hall and may, on or before the laft day of Michaelmas term which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, be qualified to be fworn, admitted and inrolled an attorney in the feveral and refpeftive courts in the faid aft mentioned > any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That any perfon who hath been by virtue of the faid aft admitted an attorney in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, fhall and may be capable of being admitted to praftife as an attorney in any inferior court of record /provided fuch perfon be in all othftnref^fts^cap^e and^qualified to be admitted an attorney according to the ufage and cuftom of fuch inferior court^ any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for the converting a further part of the capital flock of \the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for fettling the remaining part of the faid flock in the faid company.

WHEREAS in and by an aft of parliament of the ninth year of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituledy An aft fot reviving and adding two millions to the capital ftock of the South-Sea company, and for reviving a proportional part of the yearly fund payable at the exchequer, and for dividing their whole capital (after fuch divifion made) into two equal parts or moieties, and for converting one of the faid moieties into certain annuities for the benefit of the members, and for fettling the remaining moiety in the faid company, and for con-

ti-



r733-] Anno fexto GeoRgii H. C.2?4	403

tinuing for one year longer the provifion formerly made againft requiring fpecial bail in a6lions or fuits upon inch contracts as are therein mentioned, it was amongft other things enacted. That from and after the twenty fourth day ^ June one thousand fevert hundred and twenty-three the whole capital flock of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifiery, com-monly called The South-Sea company, Jhould he divided and fepa- ' rated into two equal parts or moieties, and that one moiety thereof Jhould he converted into a joint flock, attended with certain annuities payable out of the funds of the faid company, as in the faid aft is provided, and Jhould from thenceforth he called The joint {lock of South-Sea annuities; and that the other moiety Jhould remain in the faid company as their capital flock, attended with the refidue of the faid annuities or funds, payable at the exchequer, and aljo with the feveral fums fettled and alloived for charges of management, and with all other benefits, profits of trade, privileges and advantaget then belonging to the faid company, 'as in and by the faid aft, rela■* tion being had thereto, may appear: and whereas in pur finance of fie* veral fubfequent afts of parliament the faid capital flock of the faid company hath by redemption been reduced to fourteen millions fix hundred fifty-one thouf and one hundred and three pounds eight Jhillings and one penny, or thereabouts; and the faid joint flock	South-Sea

annuities hath by redemption been reduced to fifteen millions fix hundred fifty-one thouf and ninety-nine pounds feventeen fillings and five pence, or thereabouts: and vjhereas it is judged advijeable and ne-cefjary, and alfo conducive to the better eJlabUflnng of public k credity to make a further and larger reduction of the faid capital flock of the faid company, by dividing the fame into annuities and a trading flock: may it pleafe your Majefly that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft' excellent majedy, by and After 14 June with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal J733> the and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty* South-Sea fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty- company to three the whole capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, be divided in-which doth by computation amount to fourteen millions fix to ^ollr

J	l	r^rtS

hundred and fifty one thousand and one hundred and three ^ pounds eight (hillings and one penny as aforefaid $ and the fhares of the refpedlive members and proprietors of and in the fame, (hall be divided and feparated into four equal parts, and the fame from thenceforth (hall be deemed and adjudged to be divided and feparated accordingly.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Three parts of That three of the faid four equal parts, or three fourth parts which {hall be of the faid capital flock fo divided and feparated, which three	inta

fourth parts or three parts in four will by computation amount to tenjnillions nine hundred eighty-eight thousand three hundred twenty-feven pounds eleven (hillings and three farthings lhall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, be converrfB into

D d	»



Anno fexto Georgii IL c. 28.	[1735.

a joint (lock, attended with certain annuities payable out of the funds of the faid South-Sea company, in lieu and full re-compence of all the dividends, profits and advantages which fuch three fourth parts or three parts in four of the laid capital ftock are now intitled to (that is to fay) with annuities af-at 4.1. per cent, ter the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this acft, and that the fame three fourth parts of three parts in four fo converted into fuch joint ftock (hall from thenceforth be called The new joint ftock of South-Sea annuities; The other and that the other fourth part or one part in four of the faid fourth part to whole capital (lock, amounting by computation to three mil-tra^n^tock ^ons ^un<^rec^ fixty-two thousand feven hundred feventy-five S ’ pounds feventeen (hillings and a farthing, (hall remain, continue and be in the faid South-Sea company as a trading or capital ftock in their own right, attended with the refidue of the faid annuities or funds, which are payable at the exchequer . to the faid company for their whole capital, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this a6l, and alfo attended with the feveral fums fettled and allowed for charges of management, and with all monies, effects, benefits, profits of trade, debts, dependencies, privileges and advantages now due, owing or belonging to the faid South-Sea company, fubjedt as the fame is hereafter made fubje<ft.

The faid an- III. And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, 6810 ^ ^iat a^ an<^ every the member and members, proprietor and fy,1 in^fu^ofall Pr°Pr*etors> having any fhare or intereft, on the faid twenty-profits, by the fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-company,	three, of or in the faid three fourth parts or three parts in four

of the faid capital ftock, amounting to the faid fum of ten millions nine hundred eighty-eight thousand three'hundred twenty-feven pounds eleven (hillings and three farthings, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and afligns refpe&ively, in lieu and full recompence of and for fuch his and their (hare and (hares therein, and of the proportional annuities or funds, dividends, profits and advantages, which belonged to every fuch fhare or (hares before the making of this acft, (hall at the times hereafter mentioned have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled, by force and virtue of this a£t, to have, receive and enjoy, free of all charges, one or more certain annuity or annuities, to be computed after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, on the faid fum of ten millions nine hundred eighty-eight thousand three hundred twenty-feven pounds eleven (hillings and three farthings, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, until redemption by parliament, and propor-wbo are to re- tional annuities for any greater or IefTer fums^ and the faid ceive the fame South-Sea company (hall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth at the exche- day#of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, have ?ot-ethe annui ailc* **ceive, anc* be intitled by virtue of this aft to have and tants. *	receive



f 733-J Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 28.	405

receive at the exchequer, out of the duties, revenues and incomes charged with their whole annuities or funds payable there, the annuity to attend the faid three fourth parts or three parts in four fo as aforefaid converted into the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, from the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, until redemption by parliament as aforefaid, by weekly or other payments, as the whole funds or annuities of the fame company are now payable to them; neverthelefs in trufl and for the benefit of the annuitants, or the members or proprietors who fhall be intitled to the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, according to their refpedlive interefls therein; and the faid South-Sea company (hall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty- . three, have and receive, and be intitled by virtue of this adt to have and receive in their own right at the exchequer, in the fame manner as their whole funds or annuities are now payable, the refidue of the faid annuities or funds, as the annuity or fund to attend the faid remaining trading flock of the faid South-Sea company hereby intended to be continued in the faid company*'as aforefaid, till redemption thereof by parliament; and fhall alfo, until fuch redemption, have receive and enjoy, The allow* and be intitled to have, receive and enjoy the faid allowances com^ t0 made and to be made for charges of management as aforefaid, for charges^of and (hall alfo be intitled to all the monies, effedls, debts and management, dependencies whatsoever due, owing or belonging to the faid ^.continued* South-Sea company, and alfo to hold, exercife and enjoy all the profits of trade and other privileges and advantages belonging to the faid company before the making of this a£l.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, proprietors of That all and every the members or proprietors having any the trading (hare or Shares, on the faid twenty-fourth day of June one flock intitled thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, in the faid remain- to all benefits ing fourth or one part in four of the faid capital flock to be ° tra e* continued in the faid South-Sea company, and be their trading

flock as aforefaid, his, her and their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and affigns refpediively fhall have and be intitled to proportional fhares of and in the faid annuities or funds aN tending the fame, and alfo all the monies, effedls, debts and dependencies aforefaid, and all benefits of trade, advantages and benefits whatsoever belonging and remaining in the faid South-Sea company, and the faid allowances made and to be made for charges of management, folely and exclufively from the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities.

V.	And for the better preventing any exceedings in divi- Half yearly dends to be made by the faid South-Sea company for the fq- account to be ture, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the ac- laid before the comptant of the faid company (hall, from and after the faid general court, twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and p0mt^thedrT thirty-three, twice in every year (that is to fay) at Ghrijlmas vidend.

gqd Midfummer> or within one month after, -flate and prepare

.	D d 3	an



4g6	Anno fexto Georgxi II. C.28:	[1733;

an account of the faid company’s affairs, which (hall be laid before the next general court of the faid compahy, in order to their declaring a dividend; and that all dividends to be declared and made by the faid South-Sea company to the feveral members and proprietors thereof fhall be declared and made out of the clear revenue and profits of the faid company, after the current payments of intereft and other outgoings, charges and expences of the faid company fhall be thereout firfi: allowed and deduced; and that fuch dividends fhall not, at the re-fpeftive times of making thereof, exceed in the whole what the faid company at fuch refpeftive times, according to their then circumftances and ability (any fudden or unforefeen Ioffes which may happen to the faid company in their trade, or otherwife, excepted) can or may reafonably divide, without incurring any farther debt on their faid trading or capital flock, fo near as the fame can be computed; provided that the faid company fhall not at any time divide more than after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until their prefent debts and incumbrances fhall be cleared and payed off; and the faid South-Sea company in the date and condition it fhall be in, from and after the faid reparation and divifion of their prefent capital dock into a new joint dock of South-Sea annuities, and a trading dock of the faid company as aforefaid, and alio their faid trading dock, and the fund or annuities attending the fame, fhall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, remain and be folely and exclufively from the faid new joint dock of South'Sea annuities, liable and fubjeft to and chargeable with all the debts, demands, charges and incumbrances whatsoever, which the faid South-Sea company (hall, on the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, or at any time hereafter, be liable and fubjeft to or chargeable with on any account whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid new joint dock of the South Sea annuities fhall become due and payable, and be accounted to be due and payable, from the fead-day of tfie nativity "of Saint John the Bap-tiji one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, and the firft payment thereupon (hall be made for the half-year to end at the fead of the birth of our Lord Chrid then next following, and the fubfequent payments from thenceforth half yearly (videlicet) on the fead of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijt and the fead of the birth of our Lord Chrid in every year, by even and equal portions, and at the rate before-mentioned, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the pro-vifoes and powers of redemption hereafter in this aft contained in that behalf.

T Hock VII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enafted liable'to^an- by the authority aforefaid, That the faid trading capital and fiver' the regu- the fund attending the fame fhall be fubjeft and liable and are lar payment of hereby charged and chargeable with and for the due and re-anmuoesj	4	*	v

Dividend not to exceed 4I. per cent, till company’s debts be paid.

The trading '(lock only, chargeable with the company’s debts contracted after 24 June *733*

Annuities to commence at

Midfuramer

*735.



1733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c.28;	4°7

gular payment of the annuity attending or to attend the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, as alfo for the like regular and due payment of the former joint flock of South-Sea annuities, at the refpe&ive times appointed for payment of of demanding the fame.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That the faid company fliall, at the time of fuch demand, have received the annuity payable

to them at the exchequer; and on failure of paying the fame, on failure, to or any part thereof, at fuch times or within fixty days after, if allow after the lawfully demanded, then fuch trading flock and fund fhall alfo ^nt ^ be fubjeil and liable and charged and chargeable with the payment of intereft from the time of fuch demand, after the ijrate of five pounds per centum per annum for all fuch parts of fuch annuities, as fhall be fo demanded and not paid as afore faid,

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au- New flock of thority aforefaid, That if at any time or times hereafter any ^ear^rVor deficiency fhall happen in the produce of all or any of the parfof* funds of the faid South-Sea company, to be continued to the deficiency in faid company in their own right as aforefaid, then and in e- funds, till re-very fuch cafe fo happening the faid new joint flock of South- deemed by Sea annuities, in refpeit of their part of the faid funds, and p r 1151

the faid South-Sea company, in refpedl of their part of the faid funds, fliall from time to time feverally and refpe&ively bear a proportional part of every fuch deficiency, until the fame fhall be provided for and made good by authority of parliament, when the fame fliall be made good and anfwered to the per-fons refpeilively, their refpe&ive executors, adminiflrators or afligns, to whom the deficient fums fhould have been or ought to be paid, if the deficiency had not happened.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, South-Sea That the faid South-Sea company fhall from time to time company to have and be intitled to the like remedies, ways and means for epi°y a11 Pri-receiving and recovering the faid monies hereby intended for

the payment of the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities had before the as aforefaid, during the continuance thereof, as they might reparation, have had or ufed for receiving or recovering their whole annuities or funds at the exchequer, if no fuch divifion or fepa-ration had been made, neverthelefs in truft as aforefaid ; and all and every the powers, authorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions and other advantages, and all pains of death, penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, and all reftric-tions, favings, rules and direitions, and all claufes, matters and things, which were enaiied or provided by any former a<5t or ails of parliament, or laws which were in force at or until the time of making this ait, for better fecuring the whole capital flock and payment of the funds of the faid South-Sea company, or preventing or punifhing the forging or counterfeiting any dividend warrant, or any transfers or aflignments of any annuities, or any fuch offences as are comprehended and de-fcribed in one ail of parliament made in the eighth year of

D d 4	his



408	Annp	feXtQ	GgORGll	II.	C.28*	{1733J

S Geo.3. c.as.Jfls late .Majefty (of glorious memory) intituled (amongft-o-tber things^' An act to prevent the mijchiefs by forging powers to 'transfer fuch flocks> or to receive fitch annuities or .dividend's as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently perfonating the true oivners thereof or any powers relating thereto, (hall be revived, continued, and be pradtifed and put in execution as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions and other advantages, pains of death and, other penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, reffritflions, favings, rules and. directions were again repeated and particularly re-ena£ted in the body of this prefent a6t, to be in force, as to, for and concerning the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, and all the matters aforefaid, in any \vife relating thereto.

Annuitants XI., And it is hereby further, enadted by the authority afore-glares to be faid, That the proportional fhare and fhares which all and e-^ verT Per^ori anc^ perfons', body and bodies politick and cor-Mn.. boo s, p0ratg? upon fuch divifion and feparation as aforefaid, (hall have and be intitled unto, of or in the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, (hall after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three be written off from the prefent books of the faid company into proper books for that purpofe. be free from XII. And it is hereby enaCIed^ That the faid new joint flock taxes,	of South-Sea annuities created by this aCt, and all and every the

principal fums for which the faid feveral annuities are to be payable, and whereupon they (hall be computed purfuant to this act, and every of them, (hall be free from all taxes, charges and impofftions whatfoever. be deemed a . XIII, And be it further enaCted, That the faid new joint peribaaleftate, flock of South-Sea annuities lhall, to all intents and purposes, be and be deemed a perfonal eftate, and not to be dependable to the heir, nor be liable to any foreign attachment by the cu-ftom of London, or otherwife; any law, flatute or cuftom to the contrary notwichflanding,

XIV.	And be.it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all the principal monies in the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, for which the faid feveral and refpeClive annuities (hall purfuant to this a61 be payable as aforefaid, (hall be deemed, reputed and taken to be a joint flock, on and transfer- which the fame annuities (hall be attending 5 and that all and fable*	every	perfon	and	perfons,	body	and	^bodies politick and cor-

porate, in proportion to fuch their refpedlive annuities, (hall have and be deemed, reputed and taken to have a (hare in fuch joint flock, and that the fame joint flock, or any (hare or (hares therein, and the proportional annuity and annuities attending the fame, (hall be affignable and transferable, as this a<51 directs, and not otherwife; and that the faid South-. Sea company (hall caufe to be conftantly kept, within fome convenient place within the city of London, an office and 3,



*733*] Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 28.	409

book or books, in which all alignments or transfers of the faid new joint {lock of South-Sea annuities as aforefaid, and of the proportional annuities attending the fame, or any part or parcel thereof, (hall be fairly entred and regiftred, which entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be (igned by the party making fuch affignment or transfer, or, if the party be abfent, by his, her or their attorney, thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her or Method of their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible transferring, witneffies, and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, his, her or their attorney do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid (lock and annuities to attend the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good and available in law,

XV,	Provided always, That any perfon or perfons poffefied Annuities of fuch new joint dock of South-Sea annuities, or any intereft may be be“ therein, may bequeath the fame in the fame manner as any o- queat e ther perfonal eftate may be bequeathed.

XVI,	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, No (lamp du-That no ftamp duties whatsoever (hall be chargeable upon any ties for trans-the transfers or alignments of the faid new joint flock offers* South-Sea annuities,

XVII,	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority a- aforefaid forefaid, That as well the faid South-Sea company, and their divifion not to general courts, their courts of direbtors, and committees, and all leflen the com-their officers and minifters whatsoever, as alfo all the refpebtive pany s f°rme^ members of the faid company, their executors, adminiftrators, ^unities!* im~ fucceffors and afjigns for the time being, in refpebt of the faid remaining fourth part, or one part in four, of the faid capital

ftock, to be continued in and to the faid company as a trading ftock as aforefaid, and in refpebt of the faid refidue of the faid annuities or funds attending or to attend the faid trading ftock, and in refoebt of the faid allowances for charges of management, and in refpebt of all the (hares and interefts of the faid members and proprietors of and in the fame, and every of them, and. in refpebt of all monies, effects, debts, dependencies, demands, dividends, profits and advantages which are to belong and remain to the faid Soutb~Seacompany in their own right as aforefaid, (hall and may have, exercife and execute, and fhall be in^ -titled, by force and virtue of this act, to have, exercife and execute all fuch and the like powers, authorities and capacities, and to have, receive and enjoy fuch and the like freedoms, immunities, exemptions from taxes, and other exemptions and privileges, and fuch and the like benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages (other than in cafes touching which different or other provifions or directions are made and given in and by this act) as the faid South-Sea company, or their general courts, courts of direbtors, committees, officers or minifters, or the members of the faid company, their executors, adminiftra-torsj fucceffors or affigns refpebtively might have had, exercifed "	'	or



4io	Annofexto	GeoRGII	II.	C. 28.	1*732.

or executed, or might have received or enjoyed, if this ad had not been made; fubjed.neverthelefs to fuch and the like re-llridions, favings, rules and directions as they refpedively were fubjed to before the making of this act; and all and every the powers, authorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions, benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages, and all pains of death, penalties, forfeitures and difabili-ties, and all reftrictions, favings, rules and directions, and all claufes, conftitutions, by-laws, orders, matters and things what-foever, which were enacted or lawfully provided or eflablifhed in, by or purfuant to any act or acts of parliament, laws or pro-vifions whatsoever, which were in force at or until the time of making of this act, for better fecuring the whole capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, or for fecuring and paying their whole annuities or funds at the exchequer, by weekly or other payments, or for, touching or concerning the afiigning or.tranf-ferring the lame, or any (hares therein, or for payment of the faid allowance for charges of management, or for preventing or punifhing the forging or counterfeiting any transfer or transfers, alsignment or alignments, or any letters of attorney to transfer or affign any of the flock of the faid South-Sea company, or for perfonating any perfon, or demanding fuch flock, by virtue of any fuch forged writing, or for forging or counterfeiting any of the faid company’s bonds or indorfements thereon, or any dividend warrants made for the fame, or for publifhing any fuch forged or counterfeit writings, knowing the fame to be fuch, or any powers relating thereto, or the bonds or obligations of the faid company, or for fecuring the trade thereof, or any ways relating thereto, are and (hall, by force and virtue of this prefent ad, be revived and continued, and be pradifed and put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, privileges, Immunities, exemptions, benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages, reflridions, favings, rules and directions were again repeated and particularly re-enacted in the body of this prefent^ad; other than and except in fuch cafes, touching which different or other provifions or directions are made and given in and by this act.

Sub-gover- XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho-nor, deputy- rity aforefaid, That the (aid South-Sea company, or any mem-governor or ber thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of this difualified to nor t^le Pre^ent fub-governor or deputy-governor, no t atas^uch,till anY °f the prefent directors, be deemed to be disqualified to con-25 Dec. 1733. tinue fub-governor, deputy-governor or director, after the faid reparation or divifion of the faid capital flock, and until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, for or by reafon of their not having remaining, in Provifo, their own refpective names and right, fo much capital flock of the faid company, as they, before the making of this act, were required to have, for the qualification of fuch fub-governor, deputy-governor or diredor refpedively, fo as fuch fub-governor.



1733*1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 28.	4x1

nor, deputy-governor or diredlor refpedtively, (hall have and continue, in his own name and right, fo much of the faid new joint (lock of the South-Sea annuities, as together with the trading (lock remaining in his own name and right, (hall make up the fum in flock which before the making of this acfl was re-quifite for fuch refpedtive qualification,

XIX.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That jjow ^ey are from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thou- to be qualified fand feven hundred and thirty three, no perfon (hall be quali- after the faid fied for or be capable of being governor (his moft excellent Ma- *5 Dec* *733* jefty only excepted) unlefs fuch governor (hall have, in his own

name and right, five thousand pounds or more in the faid trading flock of the faid company, nor fhall any perfon be qualified for or capable of being fub-governor of the faid South-Sea company who (hall not have, in his own name and right, four thousand pounds or more in the faid trading flock of the faid company, nor (hall any perfon be qualified to be a de-puty-governor, unlefs fuch deputy-governor (hall have, in his own name and right, three thousand pounds or more in the faid trading flock of the faid company, and that no perfon (hall be qualified for or capable of being a dire&or of the faid company, who (hall not have, in his own name and right, two thousand pounds or more in the faid trading flock.

XX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no

member of the faid company (hall be deemed to be difqualified difimafified°to to give any vote or votes at the general courts of the faid com- vote as before-pany, after feparation or divifion of the faid capital as aforefaid, till the faid and until the (aid twenty fifth day of Decernber one thousand feven rime, hundred and thirty three, for or by reafon of his or her not having remaining, in his or her own name and right, fo much capital flock of the faid company as, before the making of this acfl, was required for a qualification for fuch vote or votes, fo as fuch member fhall have and continue, in his or her own name and right, fo much of the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities as, together with the trading flock remaining in his or her own name and right, fhall make up the fum in flock, which before the making of this adt was requifite for a qualification for fuch vote or votes.

XXL And be it alfo enabled, That from and after the faid Qualifications twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and ^voters after thirty three, in every general court of the faid company, every 25 Dec. 1733* member of the faid company who (hall be prefent at fuch general court, and (hall have, in his or her own name and right, the fum of five hundred pounds in the faid trading flock, fhall have one vote, and every fuch member who (hall have, in his or her own name and right, the fum of two thousand pounds in the faid trading flock, (hall have two votes, and every fuch member who (hall have, in his or her own name and right, three thousand pounds in the faid trading flock, fhall have three votes, and every fuch member who (hall have, in his or her own name and right, ftve thousand pounds in the faid trading flock, (hall have four

votes*



4-12

The oaths to be taken by the Tub-governor, &c. after thefaic^Dec. how to be altered.

Trull (locks after the fepa ration, liable to the fame trufts as before.

Truflees may convert truft ltock into an-mij-ties,

fubje£l to the fame ufes as before.

Anno fexto Georgii II- C.28.'	[1733.

Votes, and that no member of the faid company fhall have more-than four votes.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral and refpedlive oaths which are at prefent by the charter of the faid company to be adminiflred to the laid fub-governor, deputy-governor and directors of the faid* company refpedlively, upon their being chofen into the faid re-fpedlive offices, and aifo to the members of the faid company in-titled to vote in the general courts of the faid company, at or before their giving fuch votes, (hall from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, be altered with refpedl to the faid qualifications of office and voting refpedlively, in .fuch manner as to be confiftent with the refpedtive regulations herein before ena&ed concerning the faid feveral and refpedlive qualifications and not otherwife.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where, in purfuance of this adl, any fuch diviiion as aforefaid fhall be made of any flock of the faid company, which fhall at the time of fuch divifion be veiled in or held by any perfon or perfons in trufl for others, the refpec-tive parcels of the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities, and of the faid trading flock of the faid company, which fuch truftee or truflees fhall beintitled to by virtue of this adl, in lieu of the faid flock held by him or them in trufl as aforefaid, at the time of making fuch divifion, fhall be and remain liable to the fame trufts for the benefit of the fame perfons, and to the fame ufes as the faid trufl flock was liable to at the time of making the faid divifion.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch truflee or truflees to fell and difpofe of fuch his or {heir remaining truft flock, remaining in the faid one fourth part of the trading ftock, to continue in the faid company, at the current market price of fuch flock, and within eight days to invert: the money arifing therefrom in the purchafe of fo much of the faid new joint ftock of South-Sea annuities as at the like current price the fame will, as near as may be, extend to purchafe, which new purchafed annuities fhall be transferred to fuch truflee or truflees, and a receipt' or receipts fhall be given and fign-ed by the perfon or perfons transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame; and in cafe fuGh truflees refpedlively, by writing indorfed on or annexed to fuch receipts, and figned or acknowledged before one of the mafters of the high court of chancery, fhall declare that the monies in the faid receipts were the produce of the faid remaining trufl ftock (which figning or acknowledgment fuch mafters in chancery are hereby required to accept or take, by fubferibing his name thereto, in refpedl whereof he fhall for each certificate be paid one fhilling, and no more) then and in every fuch cafe, the annuity flock, mentioned in fuch receipts to be transferred, fhall respectively go and be deemed fubjedt and liable tQ the fame trufts for the benefit of



*733*1 Anno fexto GeorGii II- c. 28.	415

the fame perfons, and for the fame ufes, intents and ptirpofes as the other three fourth parts of the faid flock converted into fuch annuities as aforefaid, were or ought to be. fubjecft to before fuch converfion made, and fuch truftees fhall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Idfs, charges or damages oil account of their fo doing, at the expence of the faid truft eftates.

XXV.	Provided always. That from and after the faid divi- When the fion and feparation eff the faid prefent capital liock of the faid fund of the company into annuities and a trading dock, the fund of the faid

trading dock of the faid company or any part thereof, fhall not, ^emed.^" without the confent of the faid company, be liable to be redeemed 23 Geo. 2. c.i-by parliament, until the faid new joint flock of South-Sea annuities fhall have been reduced, by redemption by parliament, to a capital or principal fum not exceeding in the whole the lum of three millions five hundred thouland pounds.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- The compa-forefaid, That the faid court of directors fhall likewife caufe

the numbers, dates and fums of all the bonds now owing by the ancTnc^new ’ company to be fairly entred and regillred in a book, and that no ones to be if-new bonds fhall be iffued under the feal of the company, nor futd, but with any bonds paid off or bought up with the company's money,	court

except the proprietors of the faid company fhall, in a general 7 Geo! 2. c. 17* court called and held for that purpofe, be firff acquainted with the ufes for which the faid bonds are intended to be iffued, and that, within the fpace of fourteen days, and twenty one days from the time of holding the faid general court, one other general court fhall likewife be affembled and held, to take the refutations of the proprietors, whether any new bond fhall be iffued or not; always provided, That it fhall and may be lawful Exception, to and for the court of directors to affix the feal of the company to any new bonds which fhall be made out in lieu of any of the prefent bonds now handing out, which fhall be filled by indorfe-ments, or which fhall be worn out or loft, on due proof being made thereof; and that no calls of any fum or fums of money ^^e^to^be fhall be made from the members and proprietors of the faid m°d!Fvvithout company, for the carrying on of trade or any other purpofes a general whatsoever, except the fame notice fhall be in like manner firft court, given in a general court, and the refolutions of the proprietors taken in another general court to be affembled and held at the fame diftance of time before mentioned.

XXVII.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid. Part of the act That fo much of the faid in part recited act of the ninth year Sealed ° of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, as relates

to the bequeathing any South-Sea annuities by writing attefted by two or more credible witneftes, be and is hereby repealed.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby declared, That the faid annuities j^n^lt,e3 might have been and may be bequeathed in fuch manner as any ^Jathed'V * other perfonal eftate might have been, or may, by the laws of perfcnalertate, this realm, be bequeathed.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, P“blick aft That this act fhall be deemed and taken to be a pubiu k act, of

*	which



4*4

Anno fetfto GeoRGII II. C.29.	1*733'*

which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, juftices and other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

G A P. XXIX.

An aft for the letter regulation of lajlage and ballaflage in the river Thames.

WHEREAS the mafler, wardens and affiants of the trinity houfe of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, have, by grants from the crown, the lajlage and ballaflage, and the foie right of fupplying all Jhips and vejfels with ballajl that fail, pajs and re-pafs in the river 0/* Thames, between London Bridge and the main fea, at the rates and prices accuflomed ; and are alfo infilled to and have a right to dig, raife and take up the gravel, fand and foil of the faid river of Thames for the ballafling fuch jhips and vejfels as a-forefaid: and whereas the faid mafler, wardens and aflflants have for feveral years lafl pafl conflanily employed fexty ballafl lighters9 and one hundred and twenty men to dig and raife ballafl from the Jhelves and fand banks of the faid river, and to carry and convey fuch ballafl to flips and vejfels havi?ig occafion for the fame, and thereby the channel of the faid river hath been confiderably deepened, and feveral obflrufiions to the navigation therein removed: and the faid ma/ler, wardens arid aflflants have conflantly paid for the raifing and delivering every tun offuch ballafl the fum offix pence, whereof four pence hath been paid to the two ballafl men for their labour in raifing the fame, and two pence for the ufe of the ballafl lighters employed in that fervice: and the faid mafler, wardens and ajflflants have received of the maflers and owners of flips and vejfels uflng fuch ballafling, the ufual rates and prices following, videlicet, nine pence for every tun of ballafl furnifled to flips employed in the coal trade, and twelve pence a tun from all other Britifti Jhips and vejfels, and fix-teen pence a tun from all foreign Jlnps and vejfels; and the net profits arifing and produced from the faid rates and duties are applied and difpofed of towards the maintenance and relief of many hundreds of decayed feamen, their widows and orphans: and whereas of late years great frauds have been committed by the ballajl men, in not delivering due tunnage of ballafl to maflers and commanders of flips: and whereas the ballafl men and owners of lighters have reprefented and complained, that the price of provifions and labour in general is greatly advanced, and the river is much deeper than formerly, and the ballafl more difficult to be raifed, and farther to be fetched, and the lighters obliged to be flronger built, and fitted with majls, fails and other rigging; and that wilefs the wages and hire of the ballafl men and lighters be raifed, the faid lighter s cannot be made fervice-able for the purpofes intended, nor the ballafl men maintain themfelves and families: and the faid ballafl men have entred into a combination, refiifing to work and Jupply Jlnps with ballafl at the ufual and accuflomed rates and prices, and have demanded and received, of feveral maflers of Jlnps and vejfels, an advanced price of three pence per tun for ballajl delivered to them refpeftively: and whereas the faid mafler, wardens and aflflants are defirous that all frauds and abufes in baU lajlage may be ejfefinally remedied and prevented 3 and although feve-



1733-1 Anno fextoGEORGii II. c. 29.	415

ral merchants and owners of jhips are willing and defirous to advance the rates and duties of ballafage, yet as the faid majiery. wardens and affijlants are not warra?ited or authorized to tale more than the rates and prices accuftomed, the fame ca?inot be eftablijhed without the authority of parliament: wherefore for the remedying and preventing fuch frauds and abufes as aforefaid, and preferving the navigation of the river Thames, and promoting and encouraging the trade of this kingdom, be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fird day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, all maders and owners of (hips and veffels lying in the river of Thames, having occafion for any ballad; on board any fuch fhip or veffel, fhall pay to the faid corporation of trinity houfe, for all fuch ballad demanded and entred at the ballad office of the faid corporation, the rates and prices following, (that is to fay) for every tun of ballad confiding of twenty hundred weight, carried to any fhip or veffel employed Prices to be in the coal trade, the fum of twelve pence, and no more, and paid for ballad for every fuch tun of ballad carried to any other Britijh fhip or tobadlffc veffel the fum of fifteen pence, and no more, and for every fuch men.* tun of ballad carried to any foreign (hip or veffel, the fum of nineteen pence, and no more; and that from and after the faid fird day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, the faid corporation of trinity houfe (hall pay for the raifing and carrying every tun of ballad confiding of twenty hundred weight, fo to be carried to any fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels refpec-tively, the fum of nine pence, ^whereof the fum of fix pence fhall be paid to the two ballad men for their labour, and the fum of three pence for the ufe of the ballad lighters employed in that fervice; and no greater or higher rates or prices fhall be paid to or demanded by the faid corporation for the ballad to be fo raifed and carried to any fuch (hip or veffel, nor any greater or higher wages paid to or demanded by the ballad men or owners of lighters for the raifing and carrying the fame, than the refpedtive rates, prices, wages and hire above mentioned.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this a6l contained fhall The price of extend to alter the price of wafhed ballad ufed by or delivered wafhed ball a ft to any (hip or veffel refpedtively.	“ered°	L	^

ill. And it is hereby further enaeded by the authority afore- Penalty on faid. That if any working ballad man (hall, from and after the ballaft mtn faid fird day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, delivering- # deliver or caufe to be delivered to any fhip or veffel any ballad ^1 which (ball fall (hort of the quantity or tunnage at and for which the fame fhall be delivered, or fhall neglect or refuie to deliver or not obferv-to any'(hip or veffel fuch quantity of ballad as the rulers ofc the \n£ orc*ers? ballad office of the faid corporation (hail, by their ufuai notes or ^Co tickets for the purpofc, order or direct; or fhall deliver to any fhip or veffel any more or other ballad than fhall be ordered or dicedted by the faid rulers to be delivered to any fuch (hip or 2	veffij



4i6

Mailer and wardens to make good deficiencies in ba Hall delivered.

on penalty of 50L

Owners of (hips, See. not to compel bal-la.lt men to deliver ballad contrary to order.

Penalty on collulively receiving more ballad than entred at the office.

Anno fexto Georgii IL C.29.	1^73^

Veffel refpeeftively; then and in fuch cafe, every ballaft man fo offending, and oath being made of the fa<5l within ten days after the offence committed, or within ten days after the nex>t return of fuch lhip or veffel into the river of Thames, by the matter, mate or other officer of any fuch fliip or veffel,' before any fupervifor of the ballaft office of the faid corporation, being an elder brother (and which oath any fuch fupervifor is hereby authorized and required to adminifter without fee or reward) dial], for every tun which the ballaft fo delivered fhall appear, upon oath as aforefaid, to fall fhort of the tunnage or quantity the fame was delivered for, and alfo for every tun of ballaft fa ordered and dire6ted by the ballaft rulers on board any fliip or veffel, which fuch ballaft man fhall neglecft or refufe to deliver as aforefaid, and for every tun of ballaft fo delivered without or contrary to the orders and directions of the faid rulers as afore-laid, forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

IV.	And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the faid matter, wardens and affiftants fhall, from time to time, pay, fatisfy and make good to the matter or owner of fuch fhip or veffel, the quantity or value of the ballaft which upon fuch proof as aforefaid (hall be found deficient, and not delivered as aforefaid, either by delivering the like quantity of ballaft or paying the value thereof in money, at the refpedlive rate9 and prices aforefaid, at the option of the party aggrieved : and in cafe fuch recompence, payment and fatisfaclion be refufed to be made, or fhall not be made within ten days after the fame (hall be demanded, then the faid corporation in every fuch cafe fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to be recovered againft the faid corporation by bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts at Wejiminjier, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of ' law, and no more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; one moiety of which penalty (hall be applied to the ufe of the poor of the pari.fh where fuch offence (hall be Committed, the other moiety to the perfon who (hall fue for the Tame, which recom-penfe, payment and fatisfaction the faid corporation are hereby impowered and authorized to flop and retain out of the wages due to fuch ballaft men as fhall offend in delivering (hort tunnage of ballaft as aforefaid, over and above the penalties infliefted hereby for every fuch offence.

V.	And it is hereby further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That after the faid firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, no mafter, owner or officer of any (hip or veffel, or any other perfon whatsoever, (hall oblige or compel any ballaft man to carry and deliver to any fliip or veffel any quantity of ballaft which fhall be ordered and directed by the rulers of the ballaft office of the faid corporation to be carried to any other fliip or veffel: and if any mafter, mate or other officer of any (hip or veffel, or any other perfon fhall, after the faid firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, fraudulently, or by collufion with any of the ballaft men,! take or receive on board any fuch fliip or yeflel* any greater or

other

Hosted by

Google

*733-] Anno fexto Georgii II. c.2g0	417

other quantity of baliaft than they refpe<ftively enter and pay fo* at the faid ballaft office, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted upon the oath of one or more credible witmefs or witneffes, before one or more juffice or juftices of the peace for the city of London, or the counties of Middkfex*•

Effex, Kent or Surrey, or any of them, within their refpecftive .jurifdidtions, in manner herein after mentioned, (hall, for every tun of ballaft fo fraudulently taken and received above the quantity fo entred and paid for, forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacfted by the authority afore- Penalty on faid, That if any ballaft man (hall, from and after the faid firft ballaft men re^ day of "June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, refufe ^hf wa^es^ to work at and for the hire and wages herein before mentioned, appointed^ or, having contr^dled to ferve the faid corporation for any term

or time, (hall quit or depart from fuch fervice* in breach of and contrary to fuch contract, or (hall otherwife, at any time, quit or depart from the fervice of the faid corporation without giving three months notice in writing to the fupervifors of the ballaft Office, or one of them* or final! refufe to work, or (hall not work in fuch places or ftations in the river of Thanies as the faid corporation (hall in that behalf affign and appoint, of lhall work in any place or ftation contrary to the orders or direction of the rulers of the ballaft office, or any one of them* given in writing for that purpofe, or fhall begin, promote* caufe or jfrin in any combination, in order to raife the wages of the ballaft men, or otherwife to obftrucft the fervice of the faid corporation* or thb navigation of the river Thames, every perfon fo offendirig, and being thereof lawfully convidfed as aforefaid^ lhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds*

VII.	And whereas the ballaft lighters belonging to and employed by the faid corporation are marked at the Jfem and ftern ivith man-bers denoting every five tuns of their timnage and burthen refipeflive-ly: and whereas it would tend more to the fatisfaftion ofi the wafers and owners of /hips and ve/Jels having occafion for ballaft and ivould preverit frauds in delivering the fame, that the weight and timnage of every fuch lighter fhould be diflingui/hed by marks denoting and expre/Jing every two tuns and a half of the tunnage or burthen there* of rcfpedlively: it is therefore enabled by the authority aforelaid*

That the faid corporation of Trinity Houfe dial], before the tenth J ballaiUigh-day of July one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, caufe ters to be new vilible marks to be made and fet on the ftern and ftern of every marked on the fuch lighter between etfery two gauge marks now placed on the b>T 16 ftern and ftern of every fuch lighter refpedlivcly, in order that y *733° the tunnage and burthen of every fuch lighter may be computed and diftinguilhed by a gradual progreffion-of two tuns and an half.	.	.

VIII.	Ahd it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Matters o; faid* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mafters of baltaftf may all (hips and veffels taking ballaft of the faid corporation, and appoint per-they are hereby authorized and impowered to meet in the fquare fons to infpe<5t

V°-XVI-	-SSS&U.

Hosted by

Google

418	Anno	fexto	Georgii II. c. 29.	[ 1733•

at Billingfgate on the twentieth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, and on the third Monday in June in every fucceeding year, and to adjourn to fuch place as the majority of them (hall think fit, and then and there* by writing under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of the major part of them, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons, being or having been mafters or mates of (hips or veffels, to infpecft and furvey all the ballaft lighters belonging to the faid corporation, and which faid perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed, (hall be, and is and are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to view and examine the marks of every fuch lighter refpedhvely; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall iufpecft that any of the marks denoting the tunnage of any fuch lighter have been altered or difplaced, and fhall, at the ballaft Li hters on °®ce t^ie corporation, require the fame lighter to be re-tu(picion, to weighed, then and in every fuch cafe the faid corporation fhall, be re-weighed, within ten working days after fuch requeft made (weather permitting) caufe fuch lighter to be re-weighed by weights provided by the faid corporation; and in cafe, upon fuch re-weighing of any fuch lighter, the fame fhall be found to be of as great tunnage as by the marks thereof fhall be fignified and denoted, then and in fuch cafe the charge of fuch re-weighing (hall be paid by jthe perfon or perfons requiring the fame; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall not pay the charge of re-weighing of fuch lighter, within ten days after fuch re-weighing, then and in every fuch cafe the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; but if fuch lighter fhall, upon re weighing thereof, be found to be of lefs tunnage than the marks thereof denote or import, then the charge of fuch reweighing (hall be born and paid by the faid corporation, who fhall immediately, upon fuch re-weighing, caufe the marks on the ftem and ftern of fuch lighter to be placed and made in fuch manner as to fignify and denote the true tunnage thereof; and in cafe the faid corporation (hall refufe or negledf, upon fuch requeft made, to have any fuch lighter re-weighed, or to mark the fame according to the dire&ions and true meaning of this adf, then and in every fuch cafe the faid corporation fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJi-minjler, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, and no more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; one moiety of which penalty (hall be applied to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the offence fhall be committed, the other moiety to the perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

Two lighters IX. Provided neverthelefs, That no more than two lighters only to be re- (hall be required to be reweighed within the fpace of any one weighed in week.

one week.	X.	And it is hereby further enaffed by the authority afore-

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for every or any pomtperfons' mafter or commander of any (hip or veffel to appoint any two to infpeff the perfons belonging to fuch (hip or veffel (whereof the mate to be

always,

Penalty on corporation for negleft.



*733'1 Anno fexto Georgii II. ca 29.	419

always one) to go on board any lighter bringing ballad to fuch lighters depth

ihip or veflel, to examine, view and infpe<fl the marks atinwaters

which fuch lighter fwims, both before and after the delivery

of fuch ballad; and that all and every ballad man and ballad

men fhall immediately, before the delivery of any ballad to any

fhip or veflel, trim every fuch ballad lighter, fo as to make the

fame fwim at equal marks at the dem and dern thereof, and

pump all the water out of the fame ; and if any ballad man or

other perfon working on board any fuch lighter, fhall, from and

after the tenth day of July one thousand feven hundred and

thirty three, obdrudl, hinder or interrupt any perfon fo to bePenaltyon

appointed as aforefaid, from going on board any fuch lighter* in obftrudling

order to examine, view and infpedt the fame, for the purpofes a-1 enu

forefaid, or fhall begin to deliver the ballad on board anyflhip or

veflel, before fuch lighter fhall be fo trimmed to fwim at equal

marks as aforefaid, and the water pumped out of the fame, every

perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidfed as a-

forefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five

pounds.

XI.	And it is hereby further enacded by the authority afore-Penalty on

faid, That if any ballad man fhall, from and after the faid fird^r^shsh^ day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three,	and	mark-

er deliver ballad in any lighter not weighed, marked, numbred ed,

and allowed by the faid corporation, or if any ballad man or o-

ther perfon fhall remove, alter, deface or counterfeit any of the °,r defacing

•	j	j	j	fUp 0*2no*p

gauge marks, denoting the tunnage of any ballad lighter, or themar|St h number of any fuch lighter in the fervice of the faid corporation, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully conviffed as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XII.	And it is hereby further enaefled by the authority afore- P^aky crt faid, That if any ballad man fhall, after the faid drd day of June dem^nd^ng one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, demand and re-money of ma» ceive of and from any mader or officer of any fhip or veflel, any fters of Ihips. fum of money, fee or reward, for or on account of any ballad,

or the delivery of the fame, to or for the ufe or fervice of any fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, every ballad man fo,offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in manner lad above mentioned, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of forty drillings*

XIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Ballatt men ta faid. That all and every the ballad men employed or hereafter be fubje<5t to to be employed in the fervice of the faid corporation, fhall, ^et^^uJatian time to time and at all times hereafter, be fubjed to the regula-ration

tion and government of the fame corporation ; provided fuch re-gulations do not extend to the lowering the wages of the faid ^ages1 not to ballad men hereby dire&ed and appointed to be paid to them beieflened. for their labour and work as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Matters of That from and after the firft day of June one thousand feven ^Ps> ^'ter hundred and thirty three, it (hall and may be lawful to and for

E e 2	any	y	'	7



Anno fexto Georgii II. C. 29.

C*733*

dung, chalk, any matter of any (hip or veflel, from time to time, to (hip, &c. as ballaft, tranfport and carry in his, their or any of their fhips or veflels, as ballaft from London or any part of the river Thames, any dung orcompoft, or any chalk, chalk rubbilh, foap-afhes, foap-watte, flints, tobacco-pipe clay or other clay, or any other goods or commodities now claimed to be furnifhed as ballaft by the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe, fubjedft neverthelefs to the rates and duties, provifoes and reftridtions herein after mentioned, ex-pfefled and contained.

XV.	Provided always, That the matter or owner of every fuch (hip or veflel (hall ttrtt make a due entry at the ballaft office of the Trinity Houfe in London, or with the officer of the faid corporation at Gravefend, of the faid goods, commodities and things fo licenfed and authorized to be (hipped and tranfported, and the name of fuch fhip or veflel, and of the matter or commander of the fame.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enadted, That at the time of fuch entry the matter or owner of every fuch (hip or veflel (hall pay for fuch licence or authority, to the faid corporation, one penny for every tun of the faid goods, commodities and things fo to be entred as aforefaid.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enabled, That if any matter, owner or officer of any fhip or veflel fhall fhip or put on board any fhip or veflel any of the faid goods, commodities and things, herein before mentioned, fpecified and enumerated, before fuch entry and payment (hall be made as aforefaid, or (hall (hip and take on board any greater quantity thereof than what (hall be fo entred and paid for as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the city of London, or the counties of Middlefex, EJfex, Kent and Surrey, or any of them, within their refpedtive jurildidfions, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, whereof one moiety (hall go and be applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the faid corporation, and the other moiety to the perfon who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That the whole quantity of dung and com poll herein before licenfed and authorized to be (hipped and tranfported for ballaft as aforefaid, for the ufe of the coafters and colliers, do not exceed the quantity of three thousand tuns in any one year, to commence and be computed from the firft day of fune inclufive in every year; and that the whole quantity of chalk and chalk rubbifh herein before licenfed and authorized to be (hipped and tranfported as ballaft as aforefaid, for the ufe of the coafters and colliers, do not exceed the quantity of three thousand tuns in any one year, to commence and be computed as aforefaid; and that the quantity of foap afhes and all other forts of commodities herein before licenfed and authorized to be alfo (hipped and tranfported as ballaft as aforefaid, for the ufe of the coafters and colliers, do not exceed the quan-

tity

on entry at the ballaft of* lice, and licence.

Allowance for licence.

Penalty on carrying goods as ballaft without licence.

Quantity of dung. Sec. to be yearly Hupped as ballaft.



1733-] Anno fexto Georgii II. c.29.	421

tity of two thousand tuns in any one year, to commence and be computed as aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided alfo, That all the entries of any of the goods, Entries there-commodities and things fo licenfed, which fhall be (hipped and of when to be put on board any fhip or veffel in the laft feven days of the ™ade at Lon-month of May in any one year, (hall be made at the Trinity- on*

Houfe in London, and not at Gravefend or any other place.

XX.	Provided always, That from and after the tenth day of A^ter 10 July one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, it fhall and of

may be lawful to and for any matter or owner of any fhip or vef- fhip as baJlaft, fel, from time to time, to (hip, tranfport and carry in any fuch bricks, tiles, fhip or veffel, as ballaft from London, or any part of the river q{ &c\

Thames, any quantity of bricks, tiles or lime, or any other mer- payuig or 1 * chandizeable commodity, without paying any thing to the faid corporation for the fame.

XXL And it is hereby further enadted by the'authority a- porfejtures forefaid. That all the pecuniary forfeitures and penalties arittng how to bedi-and impofed by this adt (except fuch as are herein appointed to fpofed of. be applied otherwife) (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of in the manner and for the purpofes following ; videlicet, in the firft place for the paying, fatisfying and defraying the lodes and damages that the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe (hall fuftain by rea-fon or on account of fhort or fraudulent tunnage being delivered to any (hips or veffels, or by reafon or on account of any fuch (hips or veffels being not fupplied or furnifhed with the quantity of ballaft directed by the ballad: rulers to be delivered to fuch (hips or vedels as aforefaid, and afterwards, and fubjedt thereto, for the beneftt of the poor of the faid corporation.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the au- Two or more thority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for two juftices to de-or more juftices of the peace for the city of London, or any °f^r^neof-the four counties above mentioned, within their refpedtive jurif- ^pecuniary didUons (not being members of the faid corporation) to hear penalties, and determine any of the offences which are made fubjedt to and punifhable by any pecuniary penalties diredted to be levied by this adt, except fuch matters aqtt offences as are particularly diredledby this adt to be otherwife determined ; and fuch juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf within ten days after fuch offence committed, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and, after oath made of the commiffion of any of the fadts above mentioned by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to iffue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party offending in the faid city of London, or any of the four counties aforefaid, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, or upon the river of Thames> and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing (upon the proof of notice given) to proceed to the Diftrefs on examination of the witnefs or witneffes on oath (which oath n?ffpafment they are hereby authorized, impowered and required to admi-° 01 C1 ure*? fiifter) apd to give judgment or fentence accordingly ; and where

E e 3	the



Juftices may mitigate penalties.

Appeal may be made to the quarter-ftflions.

f ubllck act.

Opncral iffue.

Anno fexto GeoRGII II. c. 29.	[1733.

the party aceufed fhall be convidted of fuch offence, either by the view of the faid juftices, or any of them, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, or on confeffion of the party accufed, to award and iffue warrants for the levying the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed in five days, rendring to the party the overplus (if any there be) and where goods of fuch offenders cannot be found, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of three months, or until fuch pecuniary penalty or penalties fhall be paid.

XXIII.	Provided peverthelefs, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices of the peace from time to time, where they fee caufe, to mitigate, compound or leffen any of the faicj forfeitures or penalties, as they in their difcretion fhall think fit; fo as fuch mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalties inflidted and directed to be levied by this adt; and every fuch mitigation fhall be a fufficient difcharge to the perfons offending refpedtively for fo much of the faid penalties and forfeitures as fhall be fo leffened, mitigated or remitted.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That if any perfon or perfons fhall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved, or remain urifatisfjed in the judgment of thd faid juftices, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall or may, by virtue of this adt, complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter-fefsions for the county, city or place wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in cafe of convjdtiont to iffue warrants for levying or compelling, by fuch means as aforefaid, the payment of the faid penalties^ and forfeitures.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared, That this adt fhall be deemed and taken to be a publiclcadt, of which all judges, juftices and other perfons are to take notice; and if any fiftt or adtion fhall be brought or profecqted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this adt, in every fuch cafe the adtion or fuit fhall be commenced within three months after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid or brought in the county, city or placq where the caufe of adtion arifes, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, not guilty, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this act; and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit fhall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, then (he jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, qr fuffer a difeontinu-ance of his, her or their adtion or adtions, or if a verdidt fhalj pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de-

1	fendant



*733-]	Anno	fexto Georgii II. c. 30.	423

fendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and have fuch re^

medy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have Treble coils,

for cods of fuit in other cafes by law,

XXVI,	And be it further ena&ed, That this a A fhall con- Duration of tinue and be in force from the faid firft day of June one thou- this a&. fand feven hundred and thirty three, for and during the fpace Continued by of five years and from thence to the end of the then next fef- 1	eo*2‘G,2S

fion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXX.

An act to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee, in the county palatine of Chefter.

WHEREAS by an a Si of parliament made in the eleventh and

twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Thirds *1 & W. 3 intituled, An adt to enable the mayor and citizens of Chejler to c* 2*' recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee, reciting,

That the faid river Dee was thentofore navigable for flips and vef-fels of a conftderable burden from the fra to the city of Chefter, but by negteft of the faid river, and for want of fufficient banks, works and fences on the fides thereof againjl the flux and reflux of the fepy the chanel of the Jaid river was become fo various and uncertain, that by fands and otherwife the navigation to the faid city was almoft loft and deftroyedy the mayor and citizens of the faid city of Chefter, and their JucceJforSy were impoivered to make the faid river navigablefrom the fea to the Jaid city of Chefter for flips of one hundred tuns or upwardsy and to enable them fo to do certain duties in the faid aft mentioned were laid upon coals, lime and lime flone brought to and unloaded within the liberties of the faid city y for the term of twenty one yearSy and the property of the fandsy foil and ground therein mentioned was immediately from and after fuch time as the faid river and , chanel Jhould be made navigable and pajfable with and for fuch Jhips and vefftls to and from the faid city of Chefter, to be vefled in the faid mayor and citizenSy and their fuccejfors for every and they were $t liberty to defendy inclofe and improve the famcy and receive the rents and profits thereofy and apply the fame for maintaining and repairing the intended works and fenceSy and for making, erefting and doing fuch further and other worksy fences and things from time to timey as occafion Jhould require, for making and keeping the faid river navigable : and whereas fever al conflderable films of money have been laid out and expended purfuant to the faid afty but the faid river is not made' navigable, the provifions for making the fame navigable by the faid recited aft being infufficienty and the time thereby granted for making the fame navigable is noiv expired: and whereas the fandsy foil and ground not bearing grafsy commonly called The White Sands, from the city of Chefter to the feay and lying between the county of Chefter on the north fide and the county of Flint on the ftuth fidey are of great breadth in mofl places, and the faid river not being navigable is chiefly owing to the breadth of the faid fands and to the Jhifting of the chanel from one fide thereof to the othery as the winds and tide vary: and ,

'whereas tpe faid fandy foil a,nd groundy commonly called The White Sands, qre not nor qre lifely to be of-any advantage or benefit to any

pe 4	perfon



4*4

Anno fexto Georgii II. C.30,	[1733,

per fin whatfi ever, unlefs the faid river be bounded in and made na-yigable by fea walls,	fences as afore faid, which will require

a very great expence, as well to ere51 as to maintain and repair from time to time, as occafion fiall require; yet neverthelefs, if thefaid finds, foil or ground, commonly called The White Sands, were recovered from the fea by fea walls, banks and fences as afore faid, and the chattel thereby' confined to one certain courfi, it would not "only effe finally make the faid river navigable, but vefling the faid White Sands in the undertakers would be a confiderable encouragement to the undertaking thereof; aud whereas the making the faid river navigable will bq a means to advance the trade of the faid city, and great benefit will accrue ihereby to the inhabitants thereof and to the towns and countries adjacent or near the faid river} as alfo be a means to increafe the number of fiamen and watermen, and promote the publick good of this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty that it may be enaded,

N, Kinderley and his affigns impowered to make and keep navigable the river Dee at their own charge. The names of the undertakers appointed by N. Kinderley, to be inrolled within u months, and no ground cut till fuch inrolment. After the river fhall be made navigable, the following ' duties are to be paid. For every tun of goods in every fliip coming from or going to any place between St. David’s Head and Carlifle, 6 d. Paving ftones, dates arid oyfters excepted. And for every tun, of goods in every /hip coming from or going to any place beyond St David’s Head and Car-li(le, and not beyond the Land’s End and the Shetland Ifles, 9 d. Arid for every tun of goods jn every fliip coming frp.m or going to any afher place within Great Britain, Ireland and the Ifle pf Man, 1 s. 6d. And for every tun of goods in every fliip coming from or going to any foreign place (pitch, tar and timber excepted) as. Arid for every tun of pitch^ tar or timber in every fliip coming from or going tci any foreign parts, is. And for every tun of goods to be carried from or brought to Chefter in or from any fliip at Park-Gate, Flint or other place within the port of Chefter and below the new cut, 6 d. 6 d. per tun only tp be paid by yef-fels imployed by London cheefemongers not lading at Chefter. Duties on /kins or wool to be paid by weight. If vefleis laden with cheefe, and drawing 14. foot water, cannot fafely pafs down the faid river, the commiflion-ers, on 14. days notice, are to inquire thereinto, and may order N. Km-derley, See. to make a wet dock capable of hplding 20 fhip$ at leaft. Com-mijTioners for adjufting differences. Commiflioners determination to be final, unlefs application be made for a jury within a month, If the juftices of great (effion certify, in 10 days qfter afleflment, that the damages af-fefled are too great or too little, either party, on payment of 50 1. for charges, may have the damages re-aflefled. N« Kinderley to depofit iPjCo'ol. as a fund1 for anfwering damages. No works prejudicial to lands, ere. tq be begun till the depolit be made. After three years the duties liable tQ apfwer (larnages. 201. Penalty on emptying baliaft to prejudice the river.1 Royalties and liberties of ftflring not to be prejudiced. If the river be not fordable on horfeback, commiflioners may order two free ferry boats. Perfons damagirig the banks or works guilty of felony. The navigation not fubjeft to a cQinmiflion of fev/ers. Amended, and other duties granted by 17 Gep, 2. c. 2^.

CAP,



*733-1

Anno fexto Gborgii II. 0.31,

4*5

CAP. XXXI.

An aft far fhe relief of parijhes and other places from fuch charges as may arife from baftard Children horn within the fame.

WHEREAS the laws now in being are not fufficient to provide for the fecuring and indemnifying parijhes and other places from the great charges frequently ariftng from children begotten and born out of lawful matrimony: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's moft excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- After 24. June mons in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority	^hanred'^

of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June on oath of be-in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty ingthe father three, if any (ingle woman (hall be delivered of a baftard child, of a baftard which fhall be chargeable or likely to become chargeable to any C'

< parifh or extraparochial place, or fhall declare herfelf to be with child, and that fuch child is likely to be born a baftard and to be chargeable to any parifh or extraparochial place, and fhall in either of fuch cafes, in an examination to be taken in writing, upon oath, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the /peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or town corporate, wherein fuch parifh or place fhall lie, charge any perfon with having gotten her with child, it fhall and may be lawful to 2nd for fuch juftice or juftices, upon application made to him or them by the overfeer&of the poor of fuch parifh, or by any one 3i^ej e^mmc~ pf them, or by any fubftantial houfeholder of fuch extraparochial prehended, place, to iflue out his or their warrant or warrants for the im-. mediate apprehending fuch perfon fo charged as aforefaid, and for bringing him before fuch juftice or juftices, or before any o-ther of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or town corporate, and the juftice or juftices before whom fuch perfon fhall be brought, is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the perfon fo charg- and commit-ed as aforefaid to the common gaol or houfe of correction of fuch ted

•-»«	1 * 4* r*	•	1*1	1/^	unicis nc cr 1 v®

county, riding, dmfiop, city, liberty or town corporate, unlefs feCurity% he fhall give fecurity to* indemnify fuch parifh or place, or fhall enter into a recognizance with fufficient furety, upon condition to appear at the next general quarter-feftions or general feffions of the peace to be holden for fuch county, riding, divifion, city,

Jiberty or town corporate, and to abide and perform fuch order or orders as fhall be made in purfuance of an aCt pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, 18 Eliz# c’ h concerning baftards begotten and born out of Jawful matrimony.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCted by the authority guc^ perfon aforefaid. That if the woman fo charging any perfon as afore- on the wo-faid fhall happen to die, or be married before fhe fhall be de- man’s mi fear-livered, or if fhe fhall mifearry of fuch child, or fhall appear not fo have been with Child at the time of her examination, then be

' '	%	and



The juftices, on prifoner’s requeft, may fummon the overfeers, &c.

Anno fexto GeoRGII II. c. 32.	[1733.

and in any of the faid cafes fuch perfon fhall be difcharged from his recognizance at the next general quarter-feffions or general feflions of the peace to be holden for fuch county, riding, divi-fion, city, liberty or town corporate, or immediately releafed out of cuftody, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding in or near the limits where fuch parifh or place (hall lie.

III. Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority afore-faid, That upon application made by any perfon who fhall be committed to any gaol or houfe of correction by virtue of this adt, or by any perfon on his behalf, to any juftice or juftices refiding in or near the limits where fuch parifh or place fhall lie, fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to fummon the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh, or one or more of the fubftantial houfeholders of fuch extra-

parochial place, to appear before him or them at a time and place to be mentioned in fuch fummons, to (hew caufe why fuch perfon fhould not be difcharged; and if no order fhall appear to have been made in purfuance of the faid adt of the eighteenth weeks after the ye^r of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth^ within woman's deli- fix weeks-after fuch wom.an (hall have been delivered, fuch ju-f£t\!>°ner ^*ce or Ju^ces and may difcharge him from his imprifon-^	ment puck gaoj or j^oufe 0f correction to which he (hall have

been committed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful for any juftice or ju-* ftices of the peace to fend for any woman whatsoever before fhe fhall be delivered, and one month after, in order to her be-pregnancy, ing examined concerning her pregnancy, or fuppofed pregnancy, till one month, or to compel any woman before (he fhall be delivered to anfwer fiver ^ to any clue^^ons relating to her pregnancy; any law7, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

uc a l

liberty.

The woman not to be examined relating to Her

and if no order be made

within fiv

CAP. XXXII.

An att to enable certain perfons to propound the papers importing to be the laft will, codicils and t eft ament ary fche-dules of Richard Norton, late 0/Southwick in the counr ty of Southampton, efquire^ deceafedr in the prerogative court of Canterbury, and to fue for adminiftration with the fame annexed.

See 10 Geo. 2 f- 37*

WHEREAS Richard Norton, late of Southwick in the county of Southampton, efquire, departed this life on or a-bout the feventh day of December in the year of our Lord one thou -fand feven hundred thirty and two, and fmee the death of the faid Richard Norton there have been produced and aepofted in the prerogative court of Canterbury a certain paper or writings bearing date the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, importing to be the lafl will and teflament of the faid Richard Norton, and certain other papers



42 7

*733-] Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 33.

cr writings, fever ally importing to be codicils or tejlamentary fchedules of the faid Richard Norton: and whereas in the faid paper or writing importing to be the laft will and tejlament of the faid Richard Norton there are certain claufes contained in the words or to the ef-feft followings that is to fay, 6 And after my funeral expences, my 4 legacies and debts Jhall be fully, punctually difcharged and paid, / 4 do devife., will and give all my^ real and perfonal eflates whatsoever 4 (except as abovefaid) in the county of Southampton, with every thing 4 that I hold, pojfefs or enjoy, or in any manner, whatsoever it bey 4 belonging to the fame real and perfonal eftateSy to the poor, that is 4 to fayy to the poor, hungry and thirjly, naked and f rangers, ftck 4 and ivounded and prifonerSy and to and for no other ufe or ufes 4 whatfoever; and 1 do hereby make, conftitute and appoint the poor 4 abovefaid to be my general and abfolute heir and heirs to the end of c the world.	I do prefume to make, conftitute and appoint all and

4 every perfon and perfons that doy Jhall or may make or compofey or 4 are to be the fupream legifature of Great Britain in parliament af-■ fembledy to be my executor or executors of this my laft will and te-i f ament; and if I have prefumed too highy and it be refufedy then 4 and in that cafe only I will and befeech the moft reverend the arch-4 biJhopSy together with the right reverend the bifhops of Great Bri-4 tain or of England for the time being, and all and every of their 4 fuccefforSy archbijhops and bifhops as aforefaid ; and I do hereby con-4 Jlitute and appoint all and every of themy all and every of their fuc-4 cefjors as aforefaidy to be my executor and executors of this my faid 4 lafl will and tejlament; and I do willy that any five of theniy where-4 of the archbijhop of Canterbury to be one, Jhall and mayy by any 4 order in writing under their hands and feahy aft, order, do and 4 fully perform and execute my true meaning and intent, herein de-f clared and mentioned to be performedy to the end of the world; and 4 I do rnojl humbly beg of them all to be zealous advocates for the poor 4 as aforefaidy to the legifature of Great Britain; ana if it Jhall 4 happen y that at ihe time of my deceafe the fupream legifature afore-4 faid Jhall not be held or fttingy then I will that the faid moft re-4 verend and right reverend fathers in Gody they and every of themy 4 their and every of their fucceffors as aforefaidy or any five of themy 4 whereof the lord archbijhop of Canterbury to be oney may immedi-4 ately be pleajed to take care provifiohally of all matters and things 4 herein containedy and may and Jhall afty order, do and fully per* 4 fotmyby order in writing as aforefaidy all and every fuch aft or afts 4 as Jhall by them as aforefaid be adjudged ?tecejfary to be doney afted 4 or performedy according to this my laft will and tejlament, until fuch 4 time as the fupream legifature aforefaid ftall next meety fit or be 4 held ? now to the end that the validity of the faid papers or writings, fo far as the fame relate to the perfonal eftate of the faid Richard Nortony may be examined and determined in the proper ecglefiaftical court or courts, and that fit perfons may be appointed to inftitute, profecute and defend all fuits concerning the fame, fo far as the fame relate to the perfonal eftate of the faid Richard Nortony be it enadted, tjc*

Frecker*

2



428	Anno fexto GeorGII II. c.33.	[1733.

M. Frecker, N. Paxton and J. Lawton impowered to fue for adminiftra-tion. On the death of all the faid nominees before full adminiftration, ec, clefialtical court to appoint others. This a£t not to give greater force to the faid will, than it had before.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a£l for the further encouragement of the whale fijhery carried on by his Majeftfs Britifh fubjeffs.

liGeo.i. c.26. XX7HEREA S by an aft poffed in the twelfth year of his late c Geo*2. c.28. * majefly King George the Firf , and by another aft pajfed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefiy s reign, intituled, An a61 for the encouragement of the Greenland fifhery, it was declared, That the whale fins, oil and blubber taken in the Greenland feas or Davis’s Streights, and the adjacent feas, in Britifh Jbips^ and imported by Britilh fubjetts^ Jhall be free of cufioms on the conditions therein mentioned: and whereas the Jaid encouragements have been by many years experience found infufficient for the regaining of this beneficial trade5 which is at prefent in great danger of being intirely lofiy and large quantities of oil and whale fins are at a great expence bought of foreigners and annually imported into this kingdom; it is therefore thought proper, for the further encouragement of the whale fijhery, That a bounty be paid on the return of every fhip imployed by his Majeftfs fubjetts in the ivhale fijhery, and licenfed as herein after is directed: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament af-Britifh fhips of fembled, by the authority of the fame, That during the conti-2op tuns pro- nuance of the laft mentioned a6t every Britijh fhip or veflel of Greenland on *wo hundred tuns and upwards, that fhall proceed from any the whale port of Great Britain on the whale fifhery to the Greenland feas fhhery, or Davis's Streights, and the adjacent feas, manned and navigated as by the laws now in force is diredled, fhall, before fhe proceed on fuch voyage, or be intitled to the benefit of this a6f, be vifited by the proper officer or officers of the cufioms belonging to fuch port, who fhall examine into fuch fhip or veflel, and, take an account of the tunnage thereof by admeafurement, and fhall certify fuch his or their vifitation, examination and admea-on certificate furement to the commiflioners of his Majefly’s cufioms; and if arcu it appear by the certificate of fuch officer or officers, that fhe hath a^to6number on b°ar(I fuch a number of men, proviflons, boats, fifhing lines of men, pro- apd inftruments to be ufed in fuch fifhery, as herein after are men-yifions, &c. {ioned, that fhe is flrongly built, and otherwife a proper fhip for fuch voyage and fifhery, and hath on board among her crew a fufficient number of harpooneers, fteerfmen and line managers, who have before been imployed in fuch voyages (the names of » oatb of fuch perfons to be contained jn fuch certificate) and if it further the .owner and appear by the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the commander to mafter or chief officer of fuch fhip, written at the foot of fuch proceed di- certificate, and made before the colledfor or comptroller of fuch vmJL°n ^ port (who are hereby impovyered anc} required to adminifter the vw?	■	'	;	fame)



1733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II. e^;	429

fame) that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined refolution, that fuch (hip (hall, as foon as licence (hall be granted, forthwith proceed, fo manned, furnifhed and accoutred, in a voyage to the Greenland Teas or Davis's Streigbts, or the feas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching feafon, to ufe the utmoft endeavours of themfelves and their (hip’s company to take whales or other creatures living in the fea, and on no other de-fign or view of profit in fuch voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil and blubber thereof into the kingdom of Great Britain (naming the port to which it is their intention to return) and if and bond the mailer, after fuch certificate had and oath made, do alfo	&

become bound with two fufficient fecurities unto his Majesty,	*

his heirs and fucceffors, in the penalty of fuch fum as (hall be equal to treble the bounty intended by this a<51 (which bond the faid colledlor, with the approbation of the comptroller, is here^ by required to take, and is to be in force for the term of three years againft the mafter and fureties, for the faithful dealing of the faid mafter and (hip’s company in regard to the faid fhip and voyage) then and in all fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful for any three or more of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpedlively for the time being, On receiving fuch certificates and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the collector and comptroller of fuch port, that fufficient fecurity to have a li-hath been given as aforefaid, to give and grant, and they are cence from hereby required to give and grant, to the mafter and owners of f^g^Tthe fuch fhip, full licence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage cuftoms for as aforefaid.	fuch voyage*

II.	And to prevent any difputes that may arife, whether a (Hp be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the whale fifhery, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and in-titled to a certificate thereof from the cuftom-houfe officers, it is

hereby enadted, That every (hip of the burthen of two hundred Requires for tuns defigned for this filhery (hall and is hereby obliged to have fitting out on board forty fifhing lines of one hundred and twenty fathom lhlPs# each, forty harpoon irons, four boats with feven men (including a horpooneer, a fteerfman and a line manager to each boat, making in the whole twenty eight men, befides the mafter and fur-geon) with fix months provifions at the leaft for fuch number of men, and every (hip of larger burthen an increafe of fix men, one boat, ten fuch lines and ten harpoon irons more for every fifty tuns above the faid two hundred tuns, together with provifions in proportion.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,	_

r-r^i	,	r	r	i	n ■	i	i	•	.	t	n	1	I he IIUD Oft

That on the return or luch (hip to the port to which the mafter iier return* to and mate declared on oath their intention to return, the proper be vifited by officers of the cuftoms at fuch port (hall immediately repair on the officers, board, and view the condition of fuch (hip and her lading, and certify the fame, together with their cbfcrvations thereon, as alfo the real tunnage of the faid (hip; and the faid officers are ? pc^e(^u]e alfo to take an account or fchedule of the names of the mafter, ^ade 0f mate and other perfons on board, diftinguifhing therein theperfonson

har- boaxdo



The licence to be deli* ver’d back.

and oath made of whales, &c. bona fide taken.

on which com-miflioners are to allow 20s. per tun. *3Geo.2. c.28. fe<5l. 5.

42.Geo.2,c.45.

i'ea. 3.

Owners of (hips already failed making oath by 30 June 1733, of fuch ddign and qualifications, &c.

Anno fexto GkoRgiI II. C. 33.	[1733*

harpooneefs and perfons more immediately imployed in the faid fifhery, and to certify the fame, and the mafter and mate (hall make oath before the collector and comptroller (who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter the fame) on the back of cr annexed to the licence granted as aforefaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did in purfuance thereof (mentioning the day of their departure) proceed in a voyage direcftly to the places aforefaid, and have not fince been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or view of profit, and that they did there (mentioning the time of their (lay in thofe feas) ufe their utmoft endeavours of themfelves and their fhip’s company to take whales and other Creatures living in thole feas; and that all the whale fins, oil and blubber imported (if any) in fuch (hip was really and bona fide caught and taken in the faid feas by the crew of fuch (hip only; all which fchedule, certificate, licence and oath (hall be tranfmitted by the collector and comptroller of fuch port to the refpeftive commif-fioners for that part of Great Britain from whence the (hip de-parted with her licence; and fuch commiflioners being fully fa-tisfied of the faithful dealings of, the mafter and other perfons imployed in fuch (hips, with refpedt to fuch voyage and fi(hery, fhall on demand caufe payment to be made to the mafter or owners, or to his or their afitgns, by the receiver general of the cu-ftoms for that part of Great Britain from whence the (hip departed, the fum of twenty (hillings per tun, according to the admeafurement of fuch fhip duly certified as aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas the di[patch of fhips to the Greenland feas, Davis’s Sfreights and feas adjacent on the whale fijhery mufl of ne~ cejfty be within the months of March or April, and fome Briti(h Jhips, for the fake of keeping the men that have been taught the art of the faid fijhery in imploy, and to prevent their going into foreign jervice, may have been fitted out from the river a/'Thames or other parts of his Majeflfs Britifh dominions, and proceeded on the faid whale fifoery to the Greenland feas, or Davis’s Streights arid feas adjacent, fince the commencement of this ■ Jeff on of parliament, and before the regulations intended by this a cl to be obferved by the refipec-tive owners and wafers before the failing of any finp or Jhips to be imployed in the faid trade were made, and it. will therefore be but jufi and reafonable, that the bounties intended to be given on the return of Jhips hereafter to be fitted out on fuch voyage, fhould be given alfo to the oivners of fuch Jhips already Jailed upon fuch voyage, and not yet returned; be it therefore enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That if the owner or owners of any fhip or fhips already failed on the faid voyage and fifhery refpeeftively fhall, on or before the thirtieth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, make oath before the colle&or and comptroller from whence fuch fhip departed (who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter the fame) that it was the defign, refolution and exprefs direction of the faid owner or owners refpe&ively to proceed on the faid voyage for the purpofes afore mentioned, and to import the whale fins, oil and blubber of the whales to be fc	caught

Hosted by Go< le

43 *

I733*l Anno fexto Georgii II. c.34.

caught in the faid voyage into Great Britain, and that the faid fhips refpedtively were fo properly qualified and duly fitted out for the whale fiihery as aforefaid, and fhall enter into fuch bonds of fuch penalty, tenor, purport and condition as aforefaid, and in cafe on the return of fuch fhips refpedtively to Great Britain the mafter or mate, or other chief officer of fuch fhips refpedt-ively fhall make oath before the faid colledtor and comptroller* that they did proceed on the faid voyage for the purpofes aforefaid, and behaved themfelves therein purfuant and in conformity to the directions of this add, and if the faid mailer and mate, or other chief officer of fuch fhips, fhall do and perform on their parts all matters and things required by this adt to be done and performed on the return of fhips hereafter to be employed in the laid trade, then the faid commiffioners fhall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the maffer or owners of fuch of the faid fhips refpedtively fo qualiried and intitled as aforefaid, or to his or their affigns, by the receiver general of the cuftoms for that part of Great Britain whence the Chip departed, the fum of twen- t0 have the ty fhillings per tun, according to the admeafurement of fuch fameallow-fhip or fhips refpedtively; any thing in tins adt contained to the ance. contrary notwithftanding.

Continued to 25 Dec. 1757, Sec. by 22 Geo. 2. c. 45, and further continued by 47 Geo. 4. c. 18. fe£t. 7.

CAP. XXXIV,

An aft for reviving fo much of the aft made in the firft year of his Majefifs reign y intituled, An a61 to oblige fhips coming from places infedted more effedtually to perform their quarentine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Many and to hinder the Spreading of infedtion, as relates to the performing of quarentine, and preventing the fpreading of infeftion, and to enable his Majesty to prohibit commerce with any country or place infefted with a plague, for a certain time therein limited.	EXP0

WHEREAS in and by an aft of parliament made in the firft jQeo. 2.C.13, year of bis Majefifs reign, intituled, An a61 tp oblige /hips coming from places infedted more effedtually to perform their quarentine, and for the better preventing the pi ague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Many and to hinder the fpreading of infection, it was among ft other things enabled, That the faid afty and the feveral claufes and provifions therein contained, fheulS commence and take effefty from and after the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thonfand feven hundred and twenty eighty and that the fa?ney except fo much thereof as enabled his Majfity to prohibit or reftrain commerce between his Majefty1 s fitbjefts and thofe of any other country or place inf efted with ike plague y and the feveral

poiv-



Anno fexto GeoRGII II. c. 35; [i 733^

powers, pYovifions^ penalties, matters and things relating thereto* Jhould continue in force for the /pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament, and no longer; and whereas the faid aft was found to he ufeful and beneficial, but is ex-pired, and certain places in foreign parts being at this time vifited with the plague> it is become necejfary that feme provifion Jhould be made by parliament for obliging finps and perfons coming from any place fe infefted more ejfeftually to perform quarentine, in fuch manner as hath been or Jhall be ordered by his Mdjejly, his heirs or fuccejfors, and for punijhing offenders therein in a more expeditious manner than can be done by the ordinary methods of law, and for preventing the bringing in and fpreading of infeftion: be it enabled, &c.

So much of the faid aft as relates to the performing quarentine, &c. continued two years longer from z June 1733. His Majeity, by proclamation, before -24 June 1734, may forbid any perfoii to go from Great Britain, &c. to any place infefted, See. or to come from any infefted place to Great Britafn, See. Perfons exporting goods contrary to proclamation to forfeit double the value. 500I. penalty on going to infefted places after proclamation. Landing goods contrary thereto, felony without benefit of clergy, and fhips and goods forfeited. Perfons procuring goods to be imported Contrary to proclamation, to forfeit treble the value. Reafonable time for notice to be allowed in the proclamation. Attainders by this aft not to extend to corruption of blood, &c.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for appointing commifftoners to examine ftate and report who of the fufferers in the Charitable Corporation* are objefts of compaffion, according to the deferiptions therein mentioned 3 and for giving relief to fuch fufferers; and for enforcing the laws made againfl foreign lotteries \ and for impowering the faid commiffioners to hear and determine the claims of fuch creditors and proprietors of the faid corporation, as have not made their claims within the time limited by an aft made in the laft fejfion of parliament, for taking, ftating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of the faid corporation, and of all perfons claiming any fhare or intereft in the flock or fund of the faid corporation.

WHEREAS divers of his Majeffs fubjefts have fufalned great Ioffe5, and have been reduced to great neceffity, by the fraudulent and indireft praftices carried on in the management of the affairs of the Charitable Corporation for relief of induftrious poor, by aflifting them with fmall fums upon pledges at legal in ter eft: and by a report delivered to both houfes of parliament, made 1'by the commiffioners appointed by an aft of the lafi fejfion of parlia-merit, for the taking, fating and determining the claims and demands of the creditors of the faid corporation, and all perfons claiming any fare or inter ef in the fock of the fame, it appear that the whole; fum for which the corporation was, at the time of figning the faid report, anfiverable to all the perfons who had any demands upon or wert

any

433

1733*1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 35.

any ways interejied in the jaid corporation, amounted to four hundred eighty feven thousand eight hundred and ninety five pounds fourteen Jhillings and ten pence three farthings: and whereas upon examination into the fate of the effiefts of the faid corporation, it appear s> that to make good the faid four hundred eighty feven thousand eight hundred and ninety five pounds fourteen Jhillings and ten pence three far things, there remains in money and effects no more than thirty four thousand one hundred and fifty pouncTs thirteen findings and one penny half-penny; fo that the net lofs to the faid corporation is four bun- Eftimate of dred fifty three thousand feven hundred and forty five pounds one lofs. finding and nine pence farthing, except what may he recovered from perfons indebted to the faid corporation, of which no eftimate can yet be made: and whereas it will be a reafonable aft of charity, to give fome relief or fatisfaftion to fuch of the fufferers as /hall appear upon examination to be proper objects of compafiion, according to the true intent and meaning of this all: may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled, See.

Commiflioners to give in writing the names and qualifications of perfons feeking relief, to the parliament. The duration of the commiflioners power for iz months. 500,0001. to be raifed by way of lottery at 4I. per ticket. Commiflioners to appoint the managers of the lottery. There ihall be printed 125,000 tickets, and 28,169 tickets (hall be The fortunate tickets, one of 10,0001. one of 5,000 k three of 3,000k four of 2,000 k twenty of 1,000 k forty of 500 k two hundred of 100 k four hundred of 50 k twelve hundred of 20k twenty-fix thousand three hundred of 10h which together with 500 k to the firlt drawn ticket, and 500 k to the laft drawn, will amount to 400,000 k to be repaid, and the remaining 100,000k is intended to be referved for the relief of the fufferers. The retidue of the money, after paying the fortunate tickets and incident charges, to be difpofed of to the fufferers, by parliament. Penalty on felling chances or Shares of tickets, or propofing fchemes of the lottery, &c.

XXIX. find whereas in an aft which paffied in the ninth year 9 Geo. 1. e.i?« cf his late Majesty s reign, intituled, An a<5t to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies, and for relief of JVilliam late lord Widdrington, and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom, and for afeertaining the duty on bound books imported, and for ifluing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned, and for difeharging the duties of rock fait loft on the rivers Wear and Mercy, and for limiting the times of continuance of commiflioners for forfeited eftates in England and Scotland refpe&ively, and for appropriating the fupplies granted to his Majesty in this feflion of parliament* and to reeftify mifnomers and omiflions of commiflioners for the land tax in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, provifion is made againft felling or difpofing of any tickets in any foreign lottery, under the penalty of forfeiting Uvo hundred' pounds, and fuffering one year's imprifonment for every fuch offence; yet in evafton of the faid law, and to the great prejudice and damage of many of his Majeftys goodfubj efts, fever at evil minded perfons have undertaken to hep offices for the iffuing of tickets or receipts for numbers in feveral foreign lotteries, or daffies of fuch lotteries* or Vol. XVI.	F£	have

434	Anno fexto Georgii II. C. 35;	[*733*

have made duplicates of fuch lotteries, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid a£l: for remedy whereof, be it further en-400I. Penalty a6led by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the on perfons feb twenty-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and curing chan- thirty-three, if any perfon or perfons (hall fell, procure or de-ces in foreign liver any ticket, receipt, chance or number in or belonging to, lotteries after any foreign lottery or pretended foreign lottery, or in or be-24. June 1733. longing to any clafs, part or divifion of fuch lottery or pretended lottery, or in or belonging to any undertaking whatsoever in the nature of a lottery, or (hall fell, procure or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance or number in or belonging to any duplicate or pretended duplicate of any foreign lottery, or pretended foreign lottery, or (hall receive or caufe to be received, any money whatsoever for any fuch ticket, receipt, chance or number, or for or in confidera-tion of any money to be repaid, in cafe any ticket or tickets, number or numbers in any foreign lottery or pretended foreign lottery, or any clafs, part or divifion thereof, (hall prove fortunate, and (hall be convidted of any of the faid offences, upon a£lion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at TVef mi?ifler (in which no effoin, privilege, prote&ion or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed) or upon the oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations, of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before two or more juftices of the peace of the county, divifion or liberty where fuch offence (ball be committed, or the offender fhall be found (which oath or affirmation fuch juffices of the peace are hereby impowered and required to adminifter or give) the perfon fo convidled (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, one third part thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, one third part thereof to him, her or them who (hall fue for the fame, or make information of the offence, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence fhall be committed, the fame (in cafe of convidtion before two juftices) to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be convidfed; and (hall alfo, for every fuch offence, by the court or by fuch juffices as the cafe fhall happen, be committed to the county gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the (pace of one whole year, and from thence till the faid fum of two hundred pounds fo forfeited as aforefaid, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied.

Appeal to the XXX. Provided neverthelefs. That any perfon who (hall ^a£ter'fef" think him or herfelf aggrieved by the judgment or determina-ons>	tion	of fuch juftices in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall have li-

berty to appeal to the next quarter-feffions to be held for the wbofe deter- county, city or place where fuch judgment or determination rnade or given, and that the judgment to be given by e	the	juftices of the next quarter-feffions fhall be final.

XXXI,	And whereas, by reafon of the abftnce of fever at per-

fon'Sy



435

1733-3 Anno fexto Georgii It. c. $6.

fens, being creditors and others of the faid corporation, and of other impediments and difabilities, their refpettive claims could not be received, heard, adjufted a?id determined ivithin the time limited and prefcribed by the aft herein firft recited: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Robert Holford, John ^eJie^f°r Bennet, "James Lightboun, William Kynaflon and Francis Elde, or te^mined^n^ any three or more of them, (hall have full power and autho- the time li~ rity to (late and afcertain the iaccounts, and to hear and deter- mited by the mine the claims and demands of all and every fuch perfon and f°rmer a<^* perfons, being creditors of the faid corporation, or intitled to any (hare or (hares in the (lock or fund of the faid corporation, or any ways interefted in any of the effects of or belonging to the fame, as have not made and entred their refpeftive claims in the manner and within the time limited, directed and prefcribed by the faid aft; provided the faid claims be made on or before the twenty-fifth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty-three; any thing contained in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding^

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Publick aft. faid, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick 'aft, of which all judges and juftices are to take notice, and if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought againft any perfon for what he (hall do in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix months, and not afterwards; and Limitation of fuch perfons (hall and may plead the general ifiue, and give a<^ons* this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for making effeftual fuch agreement as (hall be made between the charitable corporation for relief of indultrious poor, by aflilting them with fmall fums upon pledges, at legal intereft, andyheir creditors.

Three parts in four in number and value of the corporation creditors may, before 25 Dec. 1733, compound with them for debts, whofe agreement (hall be binding to the reft of the creditors. Such agreement made by truftees,&c. binding to infants.

F f 2	CAP.



43^	Anno	fexto	Georgii	II.	c. 37.	[1733.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for making perpetual the feveral afts therein mentioned^ for the better regulation of juries, and for empowering the juftices of fefsion or afsizes for the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter and Durham, to appoint a fpecial jury in manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the aft for regulating the manufacture of cloth in the weft riding of the county of York (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an aft for the more effectual punijhing wicked and evil difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned \ and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or any fea batik, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds ; and for continuing an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain claufes in two other afts made for the fame purpofe.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, are expired or near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma-jelly that it may be enabled, and be it enadted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Theaasc That an adt made in the third year of the reign of his prefent &4Geo .*»* c. 7. Majesty, intituled, An aCt for the better regulation of juries, and for regulating alfo one other adt made in the fourth year of the reign of his juries, made faid prefent Majesty, intituled. An act to explain and amend an perpetual. a£i mage jn the third year of his Majesty s reign, intituled, An adl for the better regulation of juries, fo far as the fame relates to the county of Middlefex, which faid adts are temporary and are near expiring, fhall be and are hereby made perpetual.

In what man- II. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the ner juftices of jullices of the felTion or aflizes for the counties palatine of feflion or af- Chefter, Lancafier and Durham, upon motion made on behalf tev Lancafter his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or on motion of any and Durham ptofecutor or defendant in any indidlment or information for may appoint any mifdemeanor, or on the motion of any plaintiff or plain-fpecial juries, tiffs, defendant or defendants, in any action, caufe or fuit whatsoever, depending or to be brought and carried on in the courts of feffion or affize of the faid counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafier and Durham, or in any of them, fhall and may, in cafe fuch juftices in their difcretion fhall think fit, order and appoint a jury to be ftruck before the proper officer of each

court



437

1733-1 Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 37.

court refpeftively, for the trial of any iflue joined in any of the faid cafes, in fuch manner	as fpecial juries have been ufually

ftruck in the courts of law	at tVeJhninfter, upon trials at bar

had in the faid courts, which jury fo ftruck as aforefaid, (hall be the jury returned for the trial of fuch iiTue as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The aft

That an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late nGeo.i.c.24. Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the better	-n

regulating the manufafture of	cloth in the wejl riding of the county Yorkshire6 1

of York, and every claufe, article and thing therein contained (Exception) (other than and except fuch part of the faid a61 as retrains

any perfon, not having ferved feven years as an apprentice to the trade of a broad clothier, or not having exercifed and uf-ed fuch trade for the fpace of two years before the commencement of the faid aft, except as therein is excepted, from making or caufing to be made any broad cloth in the faid weft riding, under the penalties therein mentioned) which faid aft continued till was to continue in force for the term of feven years, and from 1 Sept. 1740. thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and See ? Geo. 2. is near expiring, (hall by virtue of this act be continued, and 11Geo.2.c.2?. fliall be in force from the expiration thereof until the firft day ^Geo.a. c.35. of September which fha!l be in the year of our Lord one thou-fand feven hundred and forty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament and no longer.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The aft That an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late ?Geo.i. c.yi, Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the more per^^going* effeftual punching wicked and evil difpofed perfons going armed in in difguife,&c. difguife, and doing injuries, and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majesty s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the

offenders to jujlice, which was to continue in force for three years from the firft day of June one. thousand feven hundred and twenty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and which, by an aft made in the twelfth laGeo.i.c.}©. year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, was continued from the expiration thereof for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and is near expiring, fhall be and is hereby further continued until the firft day further conti-of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou- to 1 fand feven hundred and thirty-fix, and from thence to the end ep ’173 * of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Malicioufly

That if any perfon or perfons, from and after the twenty- deftroying fourth day of June which fhall be in the year of our Lord one banks ot rb thousand feven hundred and thirty-three, and during the con- ^ers> &.c* tinuance of the laft before mentioned aft, fhall unlawfully	10U

and malicioufly break down or cut down the bank or banks

of any river, or any fea bank, whereby any lands fhall be overflowed or damaged, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony,

F f 3	and



438

Anno fexto Georgii IT. C. 37.	[1733.

and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Malicioufly VI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, catting-hop- That if any perfon or perfons, from and after the twenty-binds felony fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty— wit out c er- tjiree^	(during	the	continuance of the before mentioned

ad, intituled, An aft for the more effectual puniflnng wicked and 9 Geo.i. c.22. evil difpofed perfons, going armed in difgui/}, and doing injuries and Farther conti- violences to the perfons and properties of his Majejlfs fubjefts, and nued by 24 fQr more fpe£gy bringing the offenders to jufijee) unlawfully eo. 2. c. 57* ancj majicioully cut any hop-binds growing on poles in any plantation of hops, every perfon or perfons fo offending, be^ ing thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged guilty of fe^« lony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without be-* nefit of clergy.

VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. The 13 S: That an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of i4Car.2. c.22. the reign Gf King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for rapme^on th<Fpreventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders ^England, N.borders,&;c. and which by feveral ads hath from time to time been eonti-continued to nued, and is near expiring, (hall be and is hereby further con~ 1 Sj/74/* tinued, and (hall be and continue in force until the firfl: day of 240^.2^0.57. September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and forty-four, and until the end of the theft next feffion of parliament.

And deemed a VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, publick ad. That the lad mentioned act (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices and other perfons whatfoever.

Powers in the IX. And whereas in and by an aft trade in the eighteenth year of ads 18 Car,2. the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad to continue 3-	a former ad to prevent theft 2nd rapine upon the northern bor-

ders of England, the benefit of clergy is taken away from great, known and notorious thieves and fpoll-takers in the counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, or either of them, during the continuance of the jaid aft, who Jball be duly convifted for theft done or committed within the faid counties, or either of them, or otherwife that it jhould and might be lawful for the juflices of the affize and commif-ftoners of Oyer and Terminer or gaol delivery, before whom fuch offenders Jhould be convifted zuithin the faid counties, or either of them, to transport or caufe to be iranfported the faid offenders, and every of them, into any of his Majejlys dominions in America-, there to remain and not return : and whereas in and by an a51 made in the twenty\ and 29 & 30 ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of the faid King Charles the Car.2. c.2.	Second, intituled, An ad for continuing of two former ads for

concerning preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of continued1 to England, the feveral juflices of the peace of the faid refpeftive counties j Sept. 1744. 0/Northumberland and Cumberland are impowered from time to, time, at the refpeftive quarter-feffions, to take good and fufficient fe-curity of the perfon or perfons by them employed in the faid fervice for the prejh'vation of the faid refpeftive counties from theft and rapine r

Jo



4 39

1733'1	Anno fexto Georgii II. c. 38.

to anfwer the damages fufiained by any p erf on or per Jons by his or their negleft or default therein, and to pay and fa tisfy the fame within four months after that proof thereof Jhould havy been made by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before the jufices of the peace of the faid rejpeftive counties, at the next quarter-jejjions in the refpeftive county (which oath or oaths the faid jufice or jufices are thereby authorized to adminifer) fo as the goods ftolen were entred in one of the books to be kept for that purpofe, zviibin the [pace of forty eight hours after the fame Jhould have been folen or gone : and it is thereby enafted, that books Jhould be kept for that end in every market town of the j'aid refpeftive counties, and at fuch other convenient places therein, and by fuch perfon or perfons as the faid jufices of the peace in the faid refpeftive counties, at their general fejfons of the peace, Jhould order or appoint, and alfo that the faid feveral jufices of the peace of the faid refpeftive counties, at the general quarter feffiom of the peace for the faid counties refpeftively, Jhould yearlyy or every two years at the farthefly in open court, make choice of and appoint fitch perfon or perfons, as they Jhould refpeftively think fity for the faid counties refpeftively y to be employed in the faid fervice ; which faid feveral claufes, powers and authorities, have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and are expired: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, that all and every the feveral herein before mentioned claufes, powers and authorities in the faid feveral a6ts, for the preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England\ contained, (hall be and are hereby revived, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, and lhail continue in force until the firfl day of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and forty four, and from thence to the end of the then netft feflion of parliament and no longer.

X.	And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, And be deem-That the faid feveTal a&s, as to the faid herein before mentioned ed publick claufes, powers and authorities in the faid feveral a&s, for the a<^s* preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, contained, lhail be deemed, adjudged and taken to be publick a6ls, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices and other perfons whatfoever.

CAP, XXXVIII.

An aft for enlarging the time for exportation of tea*

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the feventh year of the reign 7 <3e©.

of his' late Majesty King George, intituled, An act for the i.c. u. further preventing his  Majesty’s fubje£ts from trading to the Eaji-Indies under foreign commiflions, and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto, and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal and the ille of Thanety the re-fpeftive times then limited by laiv for the exportation of all foreign goods and merchandizes intitled to drawbacks, were extended and enlarged to the time of three years from the importation of Jiuh goods : and whereas the above mentioned time of three years hath by expert-

F f 4	ma



44°

After 24 June 1733, tea lawfully imported, and then remaining in the ware-houfes of the Eaft-India company, may be exported in 3 years,

on due compliance to all laws touching fuch exportation, not hereby altered.

Anno feptimo Georgii II. C. 1, i'. [1734?

ence beat found inconvenient, and too Jhort for the exportation of tea : be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament assembled, ^nd by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three it fhall and may be lawful to export to foreign parts any tea lawfully imported, and then remaining in the warehoufe or warehoufes of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaf-Indies, fo as the fame be exported within the fpace of three years, to be computed from the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, and fo as the fame do remain in the faid warehoufe or warehoufes of the faid company, until the fame fhall be duly delivered ou-t for the exportation thereof, and that the fame repayments, allowances and drawbacks fhall be made and allowed for and upon the exportation thereof as are made and allowed upon the exportation thereof purfuant to the laws for that purpose now in force,

II. Provided neverthelefs, That all and every the laws now in force relating to the exportation of tea, or to the repayments, allowances or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof, be, in every circumftance and refpedl not altered by this a6l, duly complied with and obferved.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 II. feptimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the twenty third day of January, Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, in the fir ft year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fever al prorogations to the feventeenth day of January one thousand feven hundred and thirty three, being the feventh year of his faid Majefifs reign, and the feventh feffon of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An a£t for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in part of Great Britain called England ; and for granting to bis Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders loft, burnt, or other wife deftroyed.

CAP. II.

An n6l for punifliing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.	■

CAP.



441

1734.] Anno feptimo Georgii II, c. 3, 4,

CAP. III.

An aft for exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament,for naturalizing, his highnefs the 'prince of Orange.

WHEREAS the Kings mojl excellent Majesty (whom God long prcferve) bath been pleased to the univerfal joy and fatisfaction of his peopleand for the better jlrengthening of the protejlant in-tereji in Europe, to give his eldeft daughter the princefs royals poffef-fing the mojl exalted virtues, and adorned with all pojftble accomplish-ments, in marriage to his highnefs the pritice of Orange, defcended from that illuflrious houfe to whom this nation owes its deliverance from popery andjlavery, and to whofe memory this Kingdom will always exprefs the utmojl gratitude for the many bleffings we enjoy, particularly for the happy fettlement of the crown upon the prefent royal family : and whereas a more grateful proof of the ejleem and affection of this kingdom cannot be given to the heir of that illuflrious family, and the inheritor of their virtues, than by an aft of naturalization to make him capable of enjoying thofe rights and liberties, which our great deliverer preferved to thefe kingdoms: and whereas, by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of King James the Firffy every per- 7 j^c f c ^ fon is required to receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper within one month before any bill of naturalization be exhibited, and alfo to take the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance in the parliament houfe before his or her bill be twice read: and whereas, by an aft paffed in the firji year of his late Majesty King George, it was enafted\ That no 1 Geo* per fon Jhall be naturalized, unlefsy in the bill exhibited for that puY- 2* c* pofey a claufe or particular words be inferted to declare*, that fuch per-fon Jhall not thereby be enabled to be of the privy council, or a member of either houfe of parliament, or to take any office or place of trufi, either civil or military, or to have any grant of lands, tenements, or hereditaments from the crown to himfelj or any other perfon in trujl for him; and that no bill fhould from thenceforth be received in either houfe of parliament, unlefs fuch claufe or words be firfl inferted or contained therein ; be it enacted by the King's mod excellent ma- A bill for na-jedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual turalizing the and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem- Prince °* °-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That a bill for the na- exhfbitedf C turalization of his highnefs the prince of Orange, without the without his claufe or particular words directed by the faid lad recited a& to conforming be inferted, and without his receiving the facrament, or taking ^ the the oaths by the fird recited a<5t required, (hall and may be ex- a's* hibited and brought into this parliament, and twice read; the faid recited acts, or any other law, datute, matter, or thing wha't-foever to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. IV.

An aft for naturalizing the mofl ferene prince William Charles Henry Frifo, prince of Orange and Naflfau.

WHEREAS the King7s mofl excellent Majesty (whom God long prcferve) hath been pleafed, to the univerfal joy and fa-

tisjac-



44*

Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 5, 6.	[I734*

tisfaftion of his people, and for the better Jlrengtbening of the prote-jlant inter ejl in Europe* to give his eldefi daughter the princefs royalr pojfejfing the mojl exalted virtues, and adorned with all pojfme accom-plifoments, in marriage to his mojl ferene highnefs William Charles Henry Frifo, prince of Orange and Naflau, defended from that iU lujlrious houfe, to which this kingdom owes its prefervation from popery and flavery, cffefted by their glorious deliverer King William the Third, to whofe memory this nation will always exprefs the utmojl gratitude for the many blejfmgs they enjoy, particularly for the happy fettleme?it of the crown upon the prefent royal family,: and whereas a more grateful proof of the ejleem and affection of this nation cannot be given to the heir of that illuftrious family, and the inheritor of its virtues, than by an aft of naturalization to make him capable of enjoying thofe rights and liberties, which their great deliverer fo happily refuted and fecured: we therefore your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fobje<5ts, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena<5fced by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament The rince of a^~em^ec^ anc* the authority of the fame, That the faid Orange {hall Prince, his moft ferene highnefs William Charles Henry Frifo% be deemed a prince of Orange and Najfau, be, to all intents and purpofes natural-born whatsoever, deemed, taken, and efteemed a natural-born fob-fubjeft of this jeft 0f t^is kingdom, as if the faid prince had been bom within mg om. this realm ; any law, ftatute, matter, or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. V.

The powers An a<ft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the granted by fixtb year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, inti-aft 6 Geo. 1.	tilled, An ail for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb part of a

c. 7. farther	penny ft er ling, upon every pint of ale or beer that jhall be vended or fold within

continued for th£ town of Montrole, and privileges thereof , for fupplying the faid town %5 years.	witbfrefh water, andfor other purpofes therein mentioned.

C A P. VI.

yin aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of feven years \ and for licenfing the ere Ring new refineries of rock fait in the counties of Elfex and Suffolk. The duties on fait granted by 5 Geo. 2. c 6. further continued for feven years. Claufe of loan for one million, at 4/. per cent*

-x'vii. a nd whereas by an aft made in the firft year of the lx. reign of the late Queen Anne, it is enafted, That no rock fait whatjoever fall be refined or made into white fait in any place or places whatsoever within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, except in fuch places 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. as are or Jhall be within ten miles difiance of the refpeftive pit or pits from whence fiieh rock fait fall be taken, or at any fuch places as on

or



1734-1 Anno feptimo Georgii II, c. 7, 8,	4,43

or before the tenth day of May, one thousand feven hundred and two*

Jhall have been ufed for the refining of rock fait under a penalty therein expreffed; there has been antiently and are now houfes or places in which rock fait has been and is refined or made into white fait, at Hcybridge,

Colchefter, and Maningtree, in the county of Effex, at Ipfwich,

Woodbridge, Walderfwick, and Southwold, in the county of

Suffolk, and thofe places7 and the country thereabouts, having no

opportunity of being fupplied with other fait than fait refined or made

from rock fait, and as it may happen that the refiners of rock fait

at thofe houfes or places may not make fufficient quantities of white

fait to fupply the country thereabouts, or may hold up what they do

make to an exorbitant pricey knowing no other perfon whatfoever

can, by reafon of the above recited aft9 ereft or fet up any new

refinery; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority

aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of Marche

one thousand feven hundred and thirty-four, it (hall and may After 24

be lawful to and for the commiffioners and governors for le-

vying and managing his Majefly’s duties op fait and rock fait fioners^orfalt

for the time being, or the major part of them, to permit or duties may

licenfe any perfon or perfons to erecft, fet up, or make ufe of grant licences

any houfe, building, or place proper for the refining of rock fait,	onefe‘

and making it into ♦hite fair, fo as the number to be new eredt- Hey-

ed, fet up, made ufe of, and licenfed, do not exceed one at each bridge, Col-

of the faid places ; that is to fay, at Heybridge, Colchefer, Man- chefter,-&c*

ingtr.ee, Ipfvfich, Woodbridge, Walderfwick, and Southwold, at each

one; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, are

hereby required, upon due /equeft made to them from the ju-

fiices of the peace at thrgeneral quarter feffions held for the

county, riding, divifion, or town neared: to any of the places

fore-named, to permit and licenfe the eredling or fetting up fuch

new refineries as before recited; and fuch permits or licences

from the commiffioners being granted in manner as aforefaid, it

fhall and may be lawful for rock fait to be melted, refined, and

made into white fait in fuch houfes or places as fhall be fo licenf*

ed as aforefaid, any thing in the faid aft, or any other law or

ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding ; fo as the faid houfes or

places be duly entred with the proper officers for collefting his

Majefty’s duties on fait, and fo as his  Majesty’s duties for all the {fe fecured.eS

fait fo refined or made into white fait be duly charged, anfwered,

and paid to his  Majesty’s ufe,

CAP. VII.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raffed irt Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred thirty and four. Exp. 2 s. in the pound.

CAP. VIII.

An act to prevent the infamous praftice of flock-jobbing.

WHEREAS great inconveniencies have or ifen. and do daily a-rife by the wicked, pernicious and defiruftivepractice of flock-jfibbing> whereby many of his Majesty's good fubjefts have been and are

6	diverted



All contracts made after i June, 1734-, for liberty to put upon, accept, or refuie any publick {hocks or fe-curities, and ■wagers relating to the value of itocks, ihall be void,

and the money paid thereon, re-flored, or may be recovered by aftion commenced in 6 months, with double cofts.

Per Tons fued on this aft obliged to anlwer on oath with regard to l’uch con t raft.

Plaintiffs, on filing a bill, to give feciz-rity for au-

Anno feptimo Georgii II. t. 8.	[1734;

diverted from purfuitig and exerciftng their lawful trades and voca-tions9 to ihe utter ruin of themfelves and fatnilies, to the great dif-couragement of induftry, and to the manifejl detriment of trade and, commerce; for remedy thereof, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majcfty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all contrafts and agreements whatsoever, which fhall, from and after the firft day of June^ one thouland feven hundred and thirty four, be made or entred into, by or between any perfon or perfons whatsoever, upon which any premium or confidera-tion in the nature of a premium fhall be given or paid for liberty to putt upon, or to deliver, receive, accept or refufe any pub-lick or joint ftock, or other publick fecurities whatsoever, or any part, fhare, or intereft therein, and alfo all wagers and contracts in the nature of wagers, and all contrafts in the nature of putts and refufals, relating to the then prefent or future price or value of any fuch ftock or fecurities, as. aforefaid, fhall be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, and all premiums, fum or fums of money whatsoever, which fhall be given, received, paid, or delivered, upon alhfuch contrafts or a-greeihents, or upon any fuch wagers, pr contrafts in the nature of wagers, as aforefaid, fhall be reftored and repaid to the perfon or perfons who fhall give, pay, or deliver the fame, who fhall be at liberty, within fix months from and after the making fuch contraft or agreement, or laying any fuch wager, to fue for and recover the fame from the perfon or perfons to whom the fame is or fhall be paid or delivered, with double cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt founded on this aft, to be profecuted in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, in which aftion no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; and it fhall be fufficient therein for the plaintiff to alledge that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff, or has received to the plaintiffs ufe, the money or premium fo paid or received, whereby the plaintiffs aftion accrued to him, according to the form of this ftatute without fettlng forth the fpecial matter.

II.	And for the better difcovery of the monies or premium which fhall be given, paid, or delivered, and to be lued for and. recovered, as aforefaid; it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the perfon or perfons who, by virtue of this prefent aft, fhall or may be liable to be fued for the fame, (hall be obliged and compellable to anfwer upon oath fuch bill as (hall be preferred againft him or them in any court of equity for difcovering any fuch contraft or wager, and the fum of money or premium fo given, paid, or delivered, as a -fore fa id.

III.	Provided always, that the plaintiffs relators or informers in fuch bill (hall and do (at the time of bringing or filing fijeh bill) give good and fufficient fecurity to anfwer and pay the

de^



1734-1 Anno feptimo GeorgIIII. c. 8.\	445

defendants In fuch bill full cods of fuit, in cafe fuch cods (hall fwering cofts; be adjudged to the defendants, and that no perfon (hall be o- defendant'^ bliged to appear or to anfwer fuch bill, until fuch fecurity is meaynrefure to given.	appear.

IV.	And be it further enacded by the authority aforefaid, 5001. Penalty That all and every perfon or perfons whatsoever, who (hall on ma^ingor enter into, make, or execute any fuch contract, bargain, ora-^^^fs^ greement, upon which any premium, or conlideration in the bargains, nature of a premium, (hall be given or paid for liberty to putt

upon or to deliver, receive, accept, or refufe any publick or joint (lock, or other publick fecurities whatsoever, or any part, (hare, or intered therein, or any contract or bargain in the nature of putts and refufals, as aforefaid, or (hall lay any fuch wager, or make any fuch contract in the nature of a wager, as aforefaid Exceptions, (except fuch perfon or perfons who fhall actually and bona fidey without covin or collufion, fue, and witheffedl profecute for the recovery of the money or premium given, delivered, or paid by him, her, or them, as aforefaid, and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall voluntarily, before any adlion or fuit commenced, adtually and bona fide, without covin or collufion, repay or tender, before one or more witnefs or witnefles, fuch monies or premium, as he, fhe, or they (hall have had, taken, received, or been paid, as aforefaid ; and alfo except fuch perfons who (hall difcover fuch tranfadlions in any court of equity)

(hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; and alfo all and every brokers, agents, fcriveners, or other perfons negotiating, tranladling, or writing any fuch contract, bargain, or a-greement, as aforefaid, (hall likewife forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; which faid penalties (hall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at IVefiminfier, in which no effoin, privilege, protedlion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her, or them, who lhall fue for the fame.

V.	And for preventing the evil practice of compounding or 10Qj ajt making up differences for (locks or other fecurities bought, fold, on giving or or at any time hereafter to be agreed fo to be, be it further en- or receiving adted by the authority aforefaid. That no money or other con- money to fideration whatsoever (except as herein after is provided) (hall, a?^?ences re-from and after the faid firft day of June, one thousand feven hun- iatjng to ttock dred and thirty four, be voluntarily given, paid, had, or receiv- not actually ed, for the compounding, fatisfying, or making up any differ- deliveied, ence for the not delivering, transferring, having, or receiving

any publick or joint (lock, or other publick fecurities, or for the not performing of any contradl or agreemenc fo dipulated and agreed to be performed; but that all and every fuch contract and agreement fhall be fpecifically performed and executed on all fides, and the (lock or fecurity thereby agreed to be afiigned, transferred, or delivered, (hall be actually fo done, and the money, or other confideration thereby agreed to be given and 2	paid,



Stock fold, and not paid for at the

44^	Anno	feptimo	GeorGII	II;	C.	§.	[1734	*

paid for flie fame, fhall alfo be actually and really given and paid*, and all and every perfon and perfon-s whatsoever, who fhall, from and after the faid firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, voluntarily compound, make up, pay, fatisfy, take, or receive, fuch difference money, or o-ther confideration wliatfoever, for the not delivering, transferring, aligning, having, or receiving fuch ftock, or other fecuri-ty fo to be agreed to be delivered, transferred, afilgned, had, or received, as aforefaid (except in the manner herein after provided) fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, in which no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her, or them, who fhall fue for the fame.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, That no perfon or perfons, who fhall fell any publick or joint ftock, or other publick fecurities, to be delivered and paid for on a certain day, and which fhall may behold to refufed or neglected to be paid for, according to fuch agree-any other per- ment, fhall be obliged to transfer the fame; but it fhall and fons,	may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to fell fuch ftock or o-

ther fecurities, which fhall be fo refufed or neglected to be paid for, to any other perfon or perfons for the beft price which can and the buyer be obtained : and after fuch fale to receive (if the parties can a-to make good gree) or to recover, as aforefaid, from the perfon or perfons t e amage. 0 firft contracted for the fame, all the damage which fhall be fuftained thereby.

Stock bought VII. And provided alfo, That it fliall and may be lawful to aiid not°trans- an^ f°r anY perfon or perfons, who fliall buy any publick or ferred at the joint ftock, or other publick fecurities, to be accepted and paid time prefixed, for on a future day, and which fliall be refufed or neglected to the buyer may be transferred, to buy the like quantity of fuch ftock, or other llock^and re^	fecurities,	of	any	other perfon or perfons at the current

cover his da- market price, and to recover and receive, after fuch purchafe mage.	and acceptance (if the parties can agree) from the perfon or per-

fons who firft contracted to fell or deliver the fame, the damage which fhall be fuftained by reafon of the not delivering or not transferring fuch ftock or other fecurities ; any thing in this act, or any lav/, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And ivhereas it is a frequent and mifehievous practice for on°buP^n ^or Perfons to fe^ an^ difpofe °f ./Jocks, or other fecurities, of which they feHingyftofk>,r are not P°IfeJfed ^ therefore further enacted by the authority of which they aforefaid, That all contracts and agreements wliatfoever, which are not fhall, from and after the faid firft day of June, one thousand feted at the' feven hundred and thirty four, be made or entred into for the buying, felling, afligning, or transferring of any publick or joint ftock or ftocks, or other publick fecurities wliatfoever, or of any part, (hare, or intereft therein, whereof the perfon or per^ fons contracting or agreeing, or on whofe behalf the contract or agreement (hail be made, to fell, affign, and transfer the

fame*

time of the contract*



1734-1 Anno leptimo GeoRgii II. c. &	447

fame* fhall not, at the time of making fuch contra# or a-greement, be a#ually poffefled of, or intitled unto, in his, her, or their own right, or in his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name or names of a truftee or truftees to their ufe,

(hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever^ and all and every perfon and perfons whatsoever, contracting or agreeing, or on whofe behalf, and with whofe confent, any contra# or agreement fhall be made, to fell, affign, or transfer any publick or joint flock or flocks, or other publick fecurities, whereof fuch perfon or perfons fhall not, at the time of making ' fuch contra# or agreement, be a#ually poffefled of, or intitled unto, in his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name or names of a truftee or truftees, to their ufe, or their own right, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by a#ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weflmitiftery in which no effoin, privilege, prote#ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her, or them who (hall fue for j Penalty the fame; and all and every broker or brokers, agent or agents, *n broker ne-who fhall negotiate, tranfa#, or intermeddle in the making orgotiating fuch procuring to be made any fuch contra# or agreement, as afore- contra#, laid, and (hall know that the perfon or perfons by whom or on whofe behalf fuch contra# or agreement fhall be made, is or are not poffefled of, or intitled unto, the flock or fecurity, concern* ing which fuch contra# or agreement (hall be made, in his, her, or their own name or names, or in the name or names of a truftee or truftees for their ufe or right, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by a#ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, in which no effoin, privilege, prote#ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her, or them, who fhall fue for the fame.

IX.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, After i June, That from and after the faid firft day of June, one thousand feven 1734, ah con* hundred and thirty four, all and every broker or brokers, or 0- tra#s for ther perfon or perfons, who (hall negotiate or a# as a broker re-^0^ t0 be. ceiving brokerage, in the buying, felling, or otherwife difpofing brokers of any of the faid publick or joint ftocks, or other publick fecu- book.

4 rities, (hall refpe#ively keep a book or regifter, which (hall be called The Brokers Book; in which faid book he and they fhall fairly, juftly, and truly enter all contra#s, agreements, and bargains, that he or they fhall from time to time make between any perfon or perfons whatsoever, on tfle day of the making ,fuch contra# or agreement, together with the names of the principal parties, as well buyers as fellers, and alfo the day of making fuch contra# or agreement, to the intent and purpofe



offence.

Contra6ls for flock made with the pri

448	Anno	feptimo GeoRgii IL c. 8* *	[*734*

that fuch broker or brokers, and other perfon or perfons, a<5ting or negotiating as fuch, as aforefaid, fhall from time to time produce fuch book or regifler, when thereunto lawfully required i and in cafe fuch broker or brokers, or any other, who fhall negotiate or a6l as a broker, as aforefaid* in relation to any the laid matters, fhall not keep fuch book or regifler, or fhall wil-on penalty of fully omit to enter therein, fairly, juftly, and truly* any fuch 50I. lor each contract, bargain, or agreement, as aforefaid, he or they fhall, for every fuch offence or omiffion, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at Weft-minjier, in which no effoin, privilege, prote<5lion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her, or them, who fhall fue for the fame.

X.	Provided always, That nothing in this a6l contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any contracts or agree-

vity of the ac- ments for the purchafe or fale of any flock, annuities, or other c°u"t/*nt °f publick fecurities, to be made with the privity of the accountant mav b^made genera^ °f the court of Chancery, in purfuance of any decree or as before. order of the faid court; but that all fuch contracts and agreements may be made.and performed in the fame manner as they might have been, if this'a£l-had never been made.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a<5l contained fhall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to hinder or prevent any perfon or perfons from lending any fum or fums of money on any publick or joint flock, or other publick fecurities whatsoever, or any part, fhare,

or prevent the or interefl therein, or to prevent or hinder any defeazance, con-re-delivering tradl, or agreement, being made and entred into for the re-de-thereof, on livering, aligning, or transferring fuch publick or joint Hock, the^nonev °* or ot^er publick fecurities, or any part, fhare, or interefl there-lent. y in, upon the repayment'of the fum or fums of money, which fhall have been lent and borrowed thereupon, with interefl for the fame, fo as no premium or other confideration what* foever be paid to, or received by the perfon or perfons lending fuch money, for or in confideration of fuch loan, more than legal interefl.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the au-Tliis aft to be thority aforefaid, That this prefent a6l fhall continue and be ^njune%£34^ f°rce from the faid firft day of June, one thousand feven for 3 years, hundred and thirty four, for the term of three years, and from

and*

This a£l not to hinder per Tons from lending money on publick flocks,

Made perpetual thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, ^MoGeo. a. n0 longer.	m

2.£ P-T

CAP.



44 9

*•	'	'	M.

1734.] Anno feptimo GfioRGII IL C. 9;

CAP. IX.

An aid to explain and make more effectual the laws in' Icings to oblige .the pojfejfors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep low fueh hedges as are adjoining to the /aid highways.

WHEREAS the tnaking the cormnon highways as- commodious as. inay be, tends greatly to the eafe and fafety of his Majeftfs fubjePls, and to the advantage of trade and commerce : and whereas in many places the common highways are greatly damaged by the hedges adjoining thereto, being of fuch height as to h'uider thereby the advantages which would othenvife accrue to the faid highivays by the fun and winds: and whereas fome doubts have arifen, zvhether in fuch cafes the laws in being have provided a fufficient remedy; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if the furveyor or furveyors of the highways, on any view or views which they are required by law After 24 June* to make of the highways within their refpecfiive parifhes, places, o^ma^make limits, and jurifdiftions, (hall, after the twenty fourth day of a prefentment June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hedges an-hundred and thirty four, find any common highway deep and	^ie

fouqdrous, and the hedge or hedges adjoining to fuch highway 1 to be fo high, as thereby to prevent the benefit and advantage which fuch highway would otherwife receive from the fun and Winds, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch furveyor or furveyors, and he or they are hereby required, to make a prefentment of fuch hedge or hedges, fo damaging and annoying fuch common highway, to thejuftices of the peace who Jive in or near the division where the faid highway is, at their fpecial fefiions held for ^ *uftf;Ceg fuch purpofes; which jufiices of the peace, or any two of them, who are^otf? are hereby impowered, by warrant under their hands and feals, fue their pre-to fummon the occupier or occupiers of the lands adjoining to cept to the fuch highways, whole hedge or hedges is or are prefented as a- Par^ (urvey-forefaid, to appear at the next monthly or other publick meeting tice°to Yhe*0" of the jufiices of the peace, in or near the faid divifion, to (hew owner.

Caufe why fuch hedge or hedges fhould not be new made or cut low; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, fo fummoned as afore-faid, fhall refufe or negledl to appear, or to fend fome perfon duly authorized to appear for them, according to fuch fum-mons -9 or if it fhall appear upon due examination and proof upon oath before the faid jufiices, that fuch way is deep and foundrous, and damaged as aforefaid, by the height of fuch adjoining hedge or hedges, the faid jufiices of the peace, or any two of them, are hereby required to blue out a precept under their hands and feals, to the furveyor or furveyors of the highways of the parifh or place where fuch hedge or hedges fo prefented is or are iituated, directing fuch furveyor or furveyors to give or leave notice in writing at the dwelling-houfe or ufual place of (Such notice abode of fuch perfon or perfons, whofe hedge or hedges was or to be given Vol. XVI.	Gg	were



between ult Sept, and i Feb.)

The furveyor

notice.

The charge to be repaid by the owner,

45P	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	II.	C.	9.	[1734,

were prefented as aforefaid, that he, (lie, or they, is or are thereby required to new make or cut low the faid hedge or hedges, within thirty days after fuch notice (provided always, That fuch notice be given between the laft day of September, and the firft hecf eUwithin ^'ay 0^ ^ruary) and *n cafe hIS5 or their refufal or ne-3 feet’oFthe n g^e<^ t0 do t^ie ^ame within thirty days after fuch notice as afore-bank, on own- laid, the faid furveyor or furveyors are hereby required to caufe er's refufal af- the faid hedge or hedges to be new made or cut low, as the faid ter 30 days Purveyor or furveyors fhall in their difcretion think moft reafona-ble, lb as fuch hedge or hedges be left at lead three f^et high a-bove the bank.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfon or perfons as (hall refufe or negled to new make or cut low fuch hedge or hedges, (hall repay to the faid furveyor or furveyors, fuch reafonable expences as he or they fhall have been put to on that occafion; and in cafe of refufal or negled to repay fuch expences within fourteen days after the fame fhall have been demanded, the juftices of the peace, upon complaint thereof made to them at their monthly or other pub-lick meeting, in or near the divifion where the faid hedge or hedges, fo new made or cut low, is or are fituated, and due proof upon oath of fuch expences of the faid furveyor or furveyors, (ball, and are hereby required to iffue out a precept or warrant under the hands and feals of them or any two of them, to the conftable and borlholders, or other proper officer or officers of the hundred, parifh or place, where fuch hedge or hedges is or are lituated, requiring them to levy, for the repayment of fuch furveyor or furveyors, fuch fum or fums of money as the faid expences fhall amount unto, upon the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons as has or have refufed or negleded to pay the fame, as aforefaid, rendring the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained, to the owner and owners thereof, the neceftary charges of making and felling fuch diftrefs, being firft deduded.

III. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, in any wife to alter the laws in

,	.	,	being,	in relation to timber trees which grow in hedges adioin-

gard to timber	®	0	J

trees growing ing to common highways.

in hedges, nor IV. Provided always. That all former laws now in being, for any law for amending the highways of this kingdom, and the penalties amending the therein prefcribed, fhall be and remain in as full force as if this Jg »*ays. ad had never been made.

or levied by diftrefs.

This ad not to alter the laws with re-

CA?.



*734-]

Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. io.

4 5l

CAP. X.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify them-felves for employments or offices ,	taking the oaths, <2/?^

making and fubfcribing the declaration againft tranfubftan-tiation,	receiving the facrament, and to allow them

further time for that purpose \ and to enable the vice chancellor of the univerfity, and mayor of the town of Cambridge, to aft as juftices of the peace for the county of Cambridge, notwithwithftanding the ah for the further qualification of jufiices of the peace.	Perfons in offices

qualifying themfelves by 29 Sept. 1734. indemnified, and their afts valid.	Members of corporations,	who have

neglefted to take the oaths of office, qualifying themfelves by 29 Sept. 1734. indemnified. EXP.

III.	A ND whereas by an aft made andpaffed in the fifth year of sqc0 2 JTjL to prefent Majeftf s reign, intituled, An act ror the further qualification of juftices of the peace, it is amongfl other things enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March thousand feven hundred and thirty three, no perfon fhould be capable of being a jufiice of the peace,	to aft as a jufiice of the

peace, for any county within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, who Jhould not have an efiate of freehold or copyhold to and for his own ufe and benefit, in pojfeffion* for life or for fome greater efiate, either in law or equity, or an efiate for years determinable upon any one or more Ufe or lives, or for a certain term originally created for one and twenty years, or more, in lands, tenements or hereditaments, lying in that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales, of the dear yearly value of one hundred pounds, over and above what ivill fatisfy and dif-charge all incumbrances that may off eft the fame; in which [aid aft it is provided, That the faid aft or any thing therein contained jhould not extend, nor be confirued to extend, to any city or town being a county of itfelf nor to any other city, town, cinque port or liberty, having jufiices of the peace within their refpeftive limits and precinfts, by charter, cotnmiffion or otberwije, but that in every fuch city, toivn^ liberty and 'place, fuch per Jons may be capable to be jufiices of the peace, and in fuch manner only, as they might have been If the Jaid aft had never been made: and whereas it hath been afiomary for the vice chancellor of the univerfity, and mayor of the town of Cambridge, for the time being, to be jufiices of the peace of the county of Cambridge, and it may be inconvenient to have the faid qualification of one	•

oite hundred pounds a year to extend to the?n > be it enadted by the chancellor and authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of mayor of March one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, the faid re- Cambridge cited acV, or any thing therein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive the faid vice chancellor of the ^ county, faid univerfity, or the mayor of the faid town of Cambridge for though not

G g 7.	the	qualified ao



45*	Anno	feptimo Georgii II. c. ifV [1734;

cording to the time	or	ehher of them, from being a juftice or ju-

recitedTaft. ftices of the peace in the faid county, nor to fubjedt any vice chancellor of the faid univerlity, or mayor of the faid town, to any penalties or forfeitures for adting as a juftice or juftices of the peace in the faid county; any thing in the faid adt contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

Perfons profecuted before i March, 1733. for not qualifying themfelves, and convi£ted by 28 Nov. 1734.. not to be relieved by this a£r. Offices already avoided by law, not to be reftored. EXP.

CAP. XL

An aCl for the application and difpofal of the ref due of the money raifed by way of lottery, on the credit of an aft made in the laft fejfion of parliament, for the relief of fuch fuf-ferers in the charitable corporation, as are objeCls of com-paffion, according to the defcriptions therein mentioned.

6 Geo. a.c. 35.

WHEREAS by an a51 made and pajfed in the lajl feffion of this prefent parliament, intituled, An adt for appointing commiftioners to examine, ftate and report, who of the fufferers in the charitable corporation are objedts of companion, according to the defcriptions therein mentioned; and for giving relief to fuch fufferers; and for enforcing the laws made againft foreign lotteries; and for impowering the faid commiftioners to hear and determine the claims of fuch creditors and proprietors of the faid corporation, as have not made their claims within the time limited by an adt made in the laft feflion of parliament, for taking, ftating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of the faid corporation; Robert Holford, John Ben-net, James Lightboun, William Kynafton, and Francis Eld, efquires, five of the mafters of the high court of Chancery, were appointed commiffioners to examine, fate and report, which of the fufferers in the faid corporation were objects of compaffion within the' defeription therein after mentionedand intitled to relief according to the true intent and meaning of the faid a Cl; and the faid commiffioners were thereby required to deliver into each houfe of parliament, within fourteen days after the opening of the then next fejfion, a particular and diftinCI account in writings of the names of the feveral perfons zvho Jhould have applied to them purfuant to the faid aCl, and of their feveral titles or qualifications to receive the relief intended to be given to the?n refpcCtively: and it was therebyfurther enacted, That fuch of the creditors and proprietors of ftock or Jhares, notes or bonds, in the faid corporation (except as therein is excepted) as Jhould on or before the fir ft day 0/" December one thousand Jeven hundred and thirty three, make it appear to the fat is faction of the faid commiffioners ^ or any three or more of them, that they refpeCiively were qualified, unthin the true intent and meaning of the faid aCl^ to fuch -relief as aforefaid, and in all things conform them]'elves to the rules ? and directions in the faid aCl appointed and preferibed, Jhould be deemed and taken to be objects of compaffion, and Jhould be intitled to the relief thereby intended, in fuch Jhares, degrees7 and proportions, as

by



1734*1 Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. i r J

by the wifdom and jujlice of parliament Jhould be determined and appointed : in which faid abl is contained a provifo, That nothisig therein contained Jhould be intended, or be confirued to extend, to give any relief to John Thomfon, George Robinfon, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren* therein ?iamed, or to any other perfon or perfons conce?‘ned as committee men or ajfflants of the faid torporation, at any time between the twenty ftxth day of Odtober one thousand /even hundred and twenty five, and the twenty ninth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, except the honourable Walter Molefworth and William Aillabie, efquires, and George Jackfon<2/^/ it luas thereby further enabled. That it fioould and might be lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bo -dies politick or corporate, to co?ttribute or advance the Jum of five hundred thousand pounds, by pay mg, within the time therein limited, into the bank of England, or to fuch cafiner or cajhiers, as Jhould by the bank be for that purpose appointed, divers entire films of four pounds, for the purchafe of tickets, to be dravjn by ivay of lottery, at fuch times, and in Juch manner, and under fuch management, orders and regulations, as are therein and thereby mentioned, provided, and appointed; and the faid five commijfioners, or the major part of them, were thereby authorized and impowered, out of the money to be contributed by the faid abl, to make proper allowances to the bank of England, and to reward the managers and dire biers of the faid lottery, and the clerks, officers, and other perfons to be imployed for the pur-pofes of the faid abl, and to difeharge all fuch incident expences as Jhould necejfarily attend the pajfing and execution of the fame, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned', and the cajbier and cafiners were thereby required and direbled to pay the faid commijfioners two hundred pounds each, in confideration of their labour and trouble in the execution of the feveral matters direbled by the faid abl to be by them done and performed, and alfo to pay the money due and payable for the fortunate tickets to be drawn in the faid lottery, and alfo from time to time, when theneunto required by the faid commijfioners, to exhibit, or caufe to be exhibited to them, a true and juft account of the monies raifed by virtue of the faid abl, and how the fame have been difpoj'ed of to the time of exhibiting fuch account; and it was thereby further declared and enabled. That the refidue of the ??io?iey arifing, and to be contributed by virtue of and upon the credit of the faid abl, which, after payment of the fum of four hundred thousand pounds, thereby -direbled to be ijfued to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets refpebl-ively, the payments of the falaries, and rewards to the Jaid commif-fioners, and alfo. of the faid managers and directors, and the clerks, agents, and officers imployed by them, and other the incident charges attending the execution of the poivers of the faid abl, fioould be applied and difpofed of for the benefit and relief of the JuJferers in the faid ■corporation, who are objebls of companion, in fuch fioares and propor-'lions, and in fuch manner, as by the luifdom and juft ice of parliament Jhould be ordered, direbled, and appointed: and whereas the commif-fioners have, purfuant to the direblions of the faid abl, by a report .under their hands, delivered to each houfe of parliament, certified and reported the names, as well of the feveral perfons who have applied

G g 3	to



4 54

Anno leptimo GegHgii II. c. it. C1734^

them in purfuance of and within the time limited for that purpose in the faid ail, as of thofe who have applied to them after the time limited therein, and their feveral qualifications and. titles to receive the relief intended by the find aft, and have alfo certified and reported the names of fuch of the faid per fans as have made it appear to the fatis-fafti<m of the faid commiffioners, that they refpeftively are qualified to fuch relief as afore faid, within the true intent and meaning of the faid act, and the feveral debts, fums of money, claims, and demands, due to and claimed by them from the faid corporation, in refpeft or on account whereof refpeftively they are intitled to fuch relief as afore-and which faid debts, fums of money, claims, and demands of the faid fufferers, who applied within the time limited by the faid aft, as alfo of thofe who applied after the time therein limited, as fated and computed by the faid commiffioners* amount together to the fum of one hundred fifty fix thousand and tiventy pounds, one Jhilling, and three pence halfpenny: and whereas a miflake was made in the faid report, of five hundred pounds, to the prejudice of David Avery: and whereas feveral other proprietors and creditors of the faid corporation have, through ignorance or inadvertence, omitted to take the oath direfted by the aforefaid aft, within the time therein limited and preferibed for that purpofe; but have, fince the commiffioners delivering their faid report, taken the fame, and appear to be objefts of companion, within the intent and meaning of the faid aft; and the claims and demands of fuch per fans amount to thy fum offour thousand three hundred and thirty pounds, feventeen Shillings and feven pence farthing, which together with the demand of Jane Blanchard, who hath taken the faid oath, and is a fujferer to the amount of one hundred pounds, being added to the faid fum of one hundred fifty fix thousand and twenty pounds, one J,hilling and three pence halfpenny, makes the demands of the creditors and proprietors of the faid corporation, who appear to be rheclaUnsad- °^Ci^s °f comPajfaon, to amount in the whole to the fum of one hun-snitted. dred and fixty thousand nine hundred and fifty pounds, eighteen /hillings and ten pence three farthingsand whereas the faid Jum of five hundred thousand pounds hath been contributed and advanced upon the credit of the faid aft, and been paid to the cafioiers appointed by the bank of England in that behalfand whereas it appears that after deducting and retaining the fum of four hundred thousand pounds, to be iffiued to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets, to be drawn in the faid lottery, and the payment of the allowances, falaries, and rewards, to the faid commiffioners, managers, officers, agents, and other perfons employed in the managing and drawing the faid lottery, and to be employed in delivering out certificates in exchange for the fortunate tickets, and other the incident charges attending the puffing, and the execution of the poivers of the faid recited, and of this prefent aft, and other neceffiary alloivances, there will remain in the hands of the the^oney°to fai^ cafa'lers-i t0 be difiributed, applied, and difpofad of, for the bene-be difiributed fit and relief of the fufferers in the fail corporation, who are objefts to the fufFer- of compaffion 'within the intent and meaning of the faid aft, the fum ers*	of	feventy nine thousand one hundred and twenty pounds, four /hil-

lings, and five pence\ may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may be enaded,

After



455

1734*] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 12.

After 1 May, 1734. the cafhiers to pay to the perfons the fums herein fpe* cified. Cafliiers by 25 March, 1735. PaY IO°h to each °f the ten managers. No perfons claiming (hares as a fecurity from J. Thomfon, G.

Robinfon, &c. intitled to relief, till they (hall have furrendered fuch fecu-rities to the corporation. Claimants, whole appeals (hall be adjudged in their favour by 1 May, 1734. intitled to relief.

CAP, XII.

An att for enabling his Majesty to apply the fum of one million two hundred thousand \ounds, out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and thirty four, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Moji gracious Sovereign.

WE your  Majesty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjecfts the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being de-firous to raife the fupply granted to your Majesty in this feffion of parliament, by ways the leaf!; burthenfome to your  Majesty’s fubjedts, have refolved to enable your Majesty to iflue and apply the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies commonly called the Sinking fund, towards the fupply granted to your Majesty for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and to that end and purpose do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it maybe enafted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That i,2oo,oool. to by or out of fuch monies as now are, or (hall from time to time beifluedoutof quarterly be in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, of the faid for the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies commonly called the fervice of the Sinking fund, at any time before the feaft of the annunciation of current year, the blefled Virgin Mary, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money, as have been directed by any former adl or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, there fhall and may be iffued, paid and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, for or towards the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the faid year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II. Provided always. That if on the faid feaft: day of the An- g jug mo_ nunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, which lhall be in the year ney of the faid of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, the fund, after' monies arifen from the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus mo- Lady Day, nies commonly called the Sinking fund? (hall be mare tli^n fuffi- ^ the^iTof^

G g 4	cient10 1	1	p



456	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGII II. C. 12.	[1734,

tion of parlia-’ cient to fatisfy and pay the faid fum of one million two hundred ment.	thoufand	pounds,	fuch	furplus	money fhall be and remain in the

faid receipt of exchequer for the future difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iffued but by authority of parliament ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. '

III.	And whereas it may fo happen that there may he a want of money for carrying on the current fervice of the faid year, one thousand feven hundred and thirty-four, before monies fufficient may have arifen into the exchequer from the faid Jurpluffes, to fatisfy arid pay the faid fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds by this Claufe of loan granied, m fueh cafe lt anc* niay be lawful to and for at4-I. percent, the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, by warrant under their hands, to permit and iuffer any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the receipt of his exchequer, fo much money as, together with the monies then remaining in the faid exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus mor nies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, fhall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid fur? pluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they fhall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an interefl for the forbearance thereof in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-yvithftanding.

The appro- IV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-priationof the forefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, ei-jnonies grant-ther by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this feffion e t is e ion. parparne^t5 intituled. An aft for continuing the duties on ma\ty mum, cyder, and perry, in that part ofGreat Britain called England, and for granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder ^ and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred an$ thirty-four, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders lofl, burnt, or othenvife defroyed, and fq much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted and continued, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame adt, and all the interefl:, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, fhall be fatished, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other adt of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty-four, and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aft, and all thq •	in-

Hosted by

Google

1734*] Anno feptlmo Georgh II. C.12.	457

intereft, premium, or rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difcharge the 4ame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a£l of this fefiion or parliament, intituled, An aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term offeven years, and for licenfing the erefting new refineries of rock fait in the counties cyf'Effex and Suffolk, and fo much mo- • ney, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby grafted and continued, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a<£f, and all the intereft, premium or rate, and charges thereon, and- the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, fhall be- fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved to difcharge the fame; and the fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, by this a£t granted out of the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fundy arifen or to arife into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, at or before the feaft day of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five; and alfo the fum of twenty thousand five hundred feventy eight pounds, eleven (hillings, and ten pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer for arrears of former land tax-res, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein expreffed, fubjecft neverthelefs to fuch reftridtions as are herein after prescribed; that is to fay,

V.	It is hereby enadted and declared, That out of all or 2,444,6701. 5 s. any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued 9d« for naval and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two tervices-millions four hundred forty two thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, five (hillings, and nine pence, for or towards

the naval fervices herein after more particularly expreffed; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards paying pff and difcharging the debt of the navy, and for or towards other fervices of the navy, performed and to be performed.

VI.	And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the IO o0Op for aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and Greenwich applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand hofpital. pounds upon account for or towards the fupport of the royal

hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

VII.	And it is hereby alfo enacfted, That out of all or any 86,81; 1.17s the aids or fupplies as aforefeid, there (hall apd may be iffued 9 d. for the

and ordnance.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

45&	Anno	feptimo GeorGII II. c. 12.	[1734*

and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eighty fix thousand eight hundred and thirteen pounds, feventeen lhillings, and nine pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervices, not provided for by parliament.

VIII.	And it is hereby likewife enabled. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies, provided as aforefaid, there (hall 980,3861. 14.S. s^d may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not 3 d. halfpenny exceeding nine hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred tor the land eighty fix pounds, fourteen (hillings, and three pence half-0iceb‘	penny, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces,

647,4^9}•11 s- and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that for Guards and *s to	anY ^um ot money not exceeding fix hundred forty

garnfons in feven thousand four hundred twenty nine pounds, eleven fhil-Great Britain, lings, and three pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thoufand- feven hundred and four men, including commiffion and non-commiffion officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independent companies for the fervice of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Gucrnfey, and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thousand feven hundred and 203,9961. 17s. thirty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two 3 d halfpenny hundred and three thousand nine hundred ninety fix pounds, tor thepianta- feventeen (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca^ and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Can/o, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty five thousand fifty feven pounds, five (hillings, and ten pence, upon account for out penfioners of Ghelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty eight thousand one hundred twenty fix pounds, four (hillings, and one halfpenny, for defraying ieveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred, and not provided for penny for ex- by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding traordmary	fifty tw0 thousand fix hundred and ninety pounds, fifteen (hil-

expences.	lings, and ten pence, upon account of half pay to the reduced

52,690.1. 15 s. officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year 3° d. for half- one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, fubjedl neverthe-payo ceis. jep$ to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand five hundred eighty fix pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of fuch reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifhment ot half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth' day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty-four; which

dons, &c„

25,0571. 5s.

10 d. for Chel-fea hofpital. 48,126 1. 4 s. and one half-

3,586 1. for widows of half pay officers.



1734*1 Anno leptimo Georgii II. c.i 2.	459

faid fum of three thousand five hundred eighty-fix pounds,

(hall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direcSt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubject to fuch conditions, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch or the like warrant or warrants, (hall be graciouily pleased to direct or appoint.

IX.	And it is hereby alfo enacted. That out of all or any the	]%

aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be 1 d foi deficit iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding encies in the two hundred eighty (even thousand three hundred forty three year *733* pounds, five (hillings, and one penny, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred

and thirty three.

X.	And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of all or any tfie 4.8^61.14 s.

aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be 6 d. farthing, iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding for fhe d/^cl~ forty eight thousand five hundred and fixteen pounds, fourteen genera?fund (hillings, and fix pence farthing, for making good the deficiency of the fund commonly called the General Fund, for railing *0*0001. feven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine African com-0 pounds, fix (hillings, and ten pence, and one fifth part of a pany. 4,0001. penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand feven towards the hundred and thirty three; and any fum or fums of money not pepair?^si* exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of	c

the Britifb forts and fettlements belonging to the royal African company of E?igland> on the coaft of Africa; and any fum or

fums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, towards the repair of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wefminjier.

XI.	And be it enabled, That the faid aids or fupplies, pro- The aforefaid vided as aforefaid, (hall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, in- monies limit-tent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes

before mentioned, or for the feverak deficiencies, or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other a<5t or a6ts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared and Claufe relat-ena£bed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be mgtotheaug-lawful to and for the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, ^forces.0 or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the

time being, to iffue and apply, or caufe to be iffued and applied, out of the aids and fupplies aforefaid, fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be neceflary to be iffued and applied until and before the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, for or towards the in-creafe of fuch expences, as (hall arife by fuch augmentations of his  Majesty’s forces by fea or land, as his Majesty in his

great

2



460

Rules tobe ob< ferved in the application o; halt-pay*

6 Geo.2, c.25.

Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 12I	[*734^

great wifdom (hall judge neceffary to make; and for concerting fuch meafures as the exigency of his affairs may require.

XIII.	And as to the faid fum of fifty two thousand fix hundred and ninety pounds* fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, by this adl appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid; it is enadled and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules

. herein after prefcribed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay. That rio perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time, when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adlual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of the laid half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his cpmmiffion, and has had no commif-fion fince; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fixth year of bis Majesty s reign, intituled, An a<5t for enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thousand pounds, out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty three, and for the further difpofition of the faid fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities; and for enabling his Majesty out of the monies arifen by fale of the lands in the illand of Saint Chrifiopher to pay the fum of eighty thousand pounds, for the marriage portion of the prin-cefs royal; and ten thousand pounds to the truftees for efta^ blifhing the colony of Georgia in America ; and for making good all deficiencies and charges by taking of broad pieces into the mint out of the coinage duty; and for appropriating the fup-plies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for iffuing to the fub-dean, treafurer, and fteward, of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, IVeJlminJler, out of the monies referved for building fifty new churches within the cities of London and IVeJlminJler, and the fuburbs thereof, and for making provi-fions for the minifters of the fame, four thousand pounds for the repair of the faid*collegiate church, and one thousand two hundred, pounds, for finifhing the dormitory belonging thereunto, feveral japplies, which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes

therein



1734-3 Anno fepCimoXjEORGii II. Cf. 13.

therein expreffied\ among ft which, any fiim or fums of money not exceeding fifty five thousand feven hundred and feventecn pounds, five ftnllings, ums appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty s land forces and marines, fubjet1 never thelefs to, fuck rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were prefcribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enacfted, and declared, That to much of the faid fum of fifty five thousand feven hundred andleventeen pounds, five (hillings, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy and pay the faid reduced officers, according to the faid rules, by the faid a6t prefcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, fhall and may. be difpof-ed of to fuch officers, who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as by reafon of their long fer-vice, or otherwife, his Majesty fhall judge to be proper objedfs of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal (ign manual, as fhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

461

The overplus of the monies allowed laft year to reduced officers, to be difpofed of to maimed officers, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to continue and fettle an an-yiuity of five thousand pounds on the princefs royal, during the term of her natural life, in cafe fhe fhall Jurvive his Majefty.

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of lAnn2£ her late Majesty jjueen Anne, for preferving the inherit c>7%	1

tance of feveral revenues of the crown, intituled, An aft for the better fupport of her  Majesty’s . houfhold, and of the honour * and dignity of the crown, all grants thereof other than fuch as , are therein expreffed, are declared to be void; and by another aft . made in the ninth year of her faid late Majesty s reign, intituled,

An aft for eftablifhing a general poft office for all her  Majesty’s 9 Anna?, c.io* dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her  Majesty’s oc-cafions, it was enafted, That fuch part of the duties and revenues arifing i?i and by the general letter office or pofi office, ivhich ivas thereby vejled in her faid late Majejly, her heirs and Jucceffors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, Jhould not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable, for any eftate, term, or time whatsoever, or endure longer than the life of the King or jpueen that Jhould make fuch alienation, charge, or grant refpeftively; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, ’ or affiurances whatsoever, to be had or inode of or charged upon, the fame duties or revenues, or any part thereof contrary to the provifion of that aft, Jloould be declared to be null and void: and whereas your Majesty has given a demonftration of the great regard you have to the fupport of liberty and the protejlant religion, by your wifdom and goodnefs in marrying to the prince of

Orange,



4^2

Anno feptimo Georgii IL C. rg. [1734.

Orange, for royal highnefs the princefs royal, your elde/i daughter ;

high birth is not more conspicuous than her many great virtues and excellent accomplijhments; and your Majesty having been pleased to exprefs your gracious inclination to grant u?ito her jaid royal highnefs, for and during the term of her natural life, in cafe foe Jball furvive your Majejly, one annuity or yearly rent or fum of five thousand pounds, as a mark of your royal ajfettion and favour to her faid royal highnefs, which grant cannot be made effectual without the aid of parliament: wherefore your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal lubjecfts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afem-His Majesty bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may

leuerl^atenT	to an<^ ^or t^ie ^ing’s moft excellent majesty, by any

^oooSl	^etters patent or indenture, or by feveral letters patent or in-

ann. to the dentures under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be princefs royal, made, to give and grant to her faid royal highnefs the princefs royal, or to fucli other perfon or perfons, as his Majesty fhall think fit to be named in fuch letters patent* indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, to the ufe and in truft for her faid royal highnefs, one annuity or yearly rent or fum of five thousand pounds of lawful monev of Great Britain; which faid annuity or yearly rent or fum of five thousand pounds, and e-to commence very part thereof, fhall commence and take effedt from Lady da miLaCband day one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and continue be^pa/able^ fr°m thenceforth for and during the natural life of her faid quarterly. royal highnefs, in cafe fhe fhall furvive his Majesty, and fhall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and that the faid annuity, or yearly fum of five thousand pounds, fhall or out of fuch du- may, by fuch letters patent-, indenture or indentures, be di-°as re<^e(^ t0	and payable out of, and charged or char-

ihali fulfil? af- geable upon, all and every the duties, revenues, and payments ter his death, fettled and appointed by an a<51 of the firft year of his  Majesty’s 1 Armae,ftat 1. reign, for the better fupport of his Majeffs houfoold, and the ho-c> 7*	nour and dignity of the crown, or any of them that fhall be fub-

fifting after his  Majesty’s demife, in fuch parts, fhares, or proportions, as his Majesty in his great wifdom (hall think fit to direcft or appoint the fame.

To be paid at II. And it is hereby further enadled, That the faid annuity, the receipt of or yearly fum of five thousand pounds, fhall be paid and pay-the exchequer, abje at the receipt of the exchequer, or by and from the itn-c'	mediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers,

treafurers, or receivers, for the time being, of the faid revenues



I734-] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 14.

cues refpedtively, upon which the faid annuity or yearly fum of live thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be charged, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances of her royal highnefs, notwithftanding her coverture, or her trqftees, fhall be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid annuity or yearly fum of live thousand pounds, and every part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever; and that if the officers of the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, or the faid com-miffioners, farmers, treafurers,, or receivers for the time being, of any of the faid duties or revenues, upon which the faid annuity or yearly fum of five thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be charged as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negledt to pay the faid annuity, or yearly fum, or any part thereof, to her royal highnefs or her truftees, then her royal highnefs, or fuch her truftees, as aforefaid, may, from time to time, fue, profecute, or implead fuch officers, commiffion-ers, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminiftra-tors, by bill, plaint, or adtion of debt, and fhall and may recover judgments, and fue out executions thereupon, againft fuch officers, commiflioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpedlively, and their refpedlive fecurities, heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for fuch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity of five thousand pounds, or any part thereof, as fhall be in the hands of fuch officers, com-miffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpedlively, at the time when demand fhall be made of the payment or the faid yearly fum, or any part thereof, as aforefaid.

465

The receipts of her royal highnefs a fufficient difeharge, notwithftanding her coverture. On negledt of payment, her royal highnefs may bring an a£hon againft the commif-fioners, & c.

CAP. XIV.

An a£l for afeertaining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

WHEREAS arrack, a fpirit of the product of his Majejlys colonies and territories in the Eaft-Indies, is, on the importation thereof into Great Britain, charged by the lams of ex rife y with the feveral duties which are paid for brandy and other foreig?? fpirits imported into this kingdom, but by the officers of the cujloms is rated and charged as a commodity imported from the Eaft Indies, according to the value thereof at the fale at the candle, vjhereby the feveral fubftdies, duties, and excife, amount to much more than is paid on the importation of brandy and ether foreign fpirits, to the great difeouragement of the importation thereof: for remedy where - After f May, of, be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majesty, by and 1734, the fame

with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and tempo-duties only

4	raj	(hall	be	paid



for arrack imported from the Eritifh colonies as are payable on brandy, &c. and the fame allowances only on exportation.

To be paid as the duties on brandy.

The laws in force relating to the duties on arrack continued.

The monies a riling by the faid duties to be paid dif-tinct from all other branches of the revenue.

and appropriated to the fame ufes as before.

9Geo.z, c.23.

Anno feptimo Georgii II. 0.14.	[1734*

ral, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, the famd fublidies, duties, and excife, now payable upon brandy and foreign fpirits imported, and no more, (hall be paid for arrack imported from any of his  Majesty’s colonies or territories in the Eaft Indies, and that the fame allowances fhall be made oh the exportation thereof, as is made upon foreign brandy or o-ther fpirits; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-withftanding.

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid feveral fubfidies, duties, and excife upon arrack, fhall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and accounted for unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and with fuch power of mitigation, and other powers, and with fuch allowances, as any the duties on brandy or other foreign fpirits, are, by any act or acts of parliament or law whatsoever now in force, enacted, appointed, or allowed to be raifed, levied, collected, managed, recovered, and paid; and that the faid feveral laws now in force for the railing, levying* collecting, paying, and anfwering the faid fublidies, duties, and excife upon arrack, fhall be continued, and be practifed, put in execution, and ob-ferved, in and for the raifing, levying, collecting, managing, adjudging, and anfwering the faid fubfidies, duties, and excife upon arrack, by this act granted, as fully and effectually, as if the faqie were particularly and at large re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, .That the feveral and refpective commiffioners -of the cuftovm, and commiffioners of excife, fhall pay all the monies that they refpectively fhall receive of the faid duties (the neceffary char-

. ges of receiving, levying, managing, and accounting for the fame, excepted) into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, diftinct and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this act expreffed,

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the monies arifing by the faid duties by this act im-pofed and charged, fhall be appropriated, iffued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated and made payable, to the fame ufes, intents, and purposes, as the faid fubfidies, duties, and excife, as aforefaid, were appropriated and applicable before the making of this prefent act, and fhall have the fame continuance, and fhall be alfo fubject and liable to the fame redemption by parliament, as the faid fubfidies, duties, and excife, were fubject and liable unto.

V.	And for the relief ofany perfon or perfons, who through neg* left or inadvertency have omitted to pay the feveral rates and duties, or any part thereof,\ upon monies given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk, apprentice, or fervant, which

hath



t£34*] Anno feptlnio GeorGii II. c. i£.	465

bath been put or placed to or with any majler or	,	to	learn

any profejjion,	employment,	n? indentures	or

other writings, which Jhall contain 'the covenants, articles, contracts? or agreements relating to the fervice of jitch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, Jlamped within the times by the feveral aids of parliament for thofe purpofes refpeCtively limited, or who have alfo in like manner omitted to infert and write in words at length, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefaid, the full fum or furns of money, or any part thereof received, or in any ivife diredly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or contracted for, with or in relation to every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, as aforefaid; be it enadted by Claufe of re-the authority aforefaid, That upon payment of the rates and lief for money duties upon monies, or fuch part of fuch monies fo neglected or omitted to be paid, as aforefaid, on or before the twenty ^efor in-fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty dentures of four, to fuch perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be clerks and paid, and tendring the faid indentures or other writings to be apprentices, damped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the fame indentures or other writings fhall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in e-vidence in any court whatfoever; and the clerk, apprentice, or fervant therein named, fhall be capable of following and ex-ercifing their refpe&ive intended trades or imployments, as fully as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or fums received or agreed for, as a-forefaid, had been inferted; and the perfons who have incurred any penalties by the omiffions aforefaid, fhall be acquitted and difcharged of and from the faid penalties, any thing in this or the faid former adts to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

CAP. XV.

An aCl to fettle how far owners of fhips fhall be anfwerabk for the aCls cf the mafiers or mariners.

\X7HEREAS it is of the greatefi confequence and importance U * * this kingdom, to promote the increafe of the number of flips and vejfels, and to prevent any difcouragement to merchants and others from being interefled and concerned therein: and whereas it has been held, that in many cafes owners of Jhips or vejfels are anfwerable for goods and merchandize flipped or put on board the fame, although thi the faid goods and merchandize, after the fame have been fo put on board, Jhould be made away with by the mafiers or mariners of the faid flips or vejfels, without the knowledge or privity of the owner or owners, by means whereof merchants and others are greatly difi* couraged from adventuring their fortunes, as owners of flips or vef-fels, which will neceffarily tend to the prejudice of the trade and na-vigation of this kingdom: therefore for afcertaining and fettling how far owners of fhips and veffels fhall be anfwerable for any gold, filver, diamonds, jewels, precious {tones, or other YqImXVI.	Hh	good*



forfeit the value of the ihip and freight, for imbezzle-ments committed with out their knowledge.

t

4 66	Anno	feptlmo Georg n II. C.15I	[*7342	J

goods or merchandizes, which (hall be made away with by the matters or mariners, without the privity of the owners thereof; be it enattted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the au-Owners of thority of the fame, That no perfon or perfons, who is, are, or June’ 1 ter 24	0Wner	or owners of any fhip or veffel, (hall be fubjedt or

liable onty’to liable to anfwer for bond,or make good, to any one or more perfon or perfons, any lofs or damage by reafon of any imbezzlement, fecreting, or making away with (by the matter or mariners, or any of them) of any gold, filver, diamonds, jewels, precious ftones, or other goods or merchandize, which from and after the twenty fourth day of ‘June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and thirty four, (hall be (hipped, taken in, or put on board any fhip or veffel, or for any adt, matter, or thing, damage, or forfeiture, done, occafioned, or incurred, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, by the faid matter or mariners, or any of them, without the privity and knowledge of fuch owner or owners, further than the value of the fhip or veffel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage, wherein fuch imbezzlement, fecreting, or making away with, as afore-faid, or other maleverfation of the matter or mariners, fhall be made, committed, or done; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. tf feveral pro- II. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, prietors fuffer That if feveral freighters or proprietors of any fuch gold, filver, by fuchim- diamonds, jewels, precious ttones, or other goods or merchan-

and^be1 value ^lze> ^uffer anY l°fs or damage by any of the means aforefaid in the fame voyage, and the value of the fhip or veffel with all her appurtenances, and the amount of the freight due or to grow due during fuch voyage, fhall not be fufHcient to make full compenfation to all and every of them, then fuch freighters proportions to or proprietors fhall receive their fatisfadlion thereout in average, be determined in proportion to their refpedtive Ioffes or damages : and in every by average; fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch freighters or freighters or ProPriet:ors> orany of them, on behalf of himfelf and all other owners^ay fuc^ freighters or proprietors, or to and for the owners of fuch exhibit a bill (hip or veffel, or any of them, on behalf of himfelf, and all the fordifcovering other part-owners of fuch fhip or veffel, to exhibit a bill in any the amount °f court of equity for a difcovery of the total amount of fuch Ioffes, uci oi es, c. damages, and alfo of the value of fuch fhip or veffel, appurtenances, and freight, and for an equal diftribution and payment thereof amongftfuch freighters or proprietors, in proportion to their refpechve Ioffes or damages, according to the rules of equity.

III. Provided always, That if any fuch bill (hall be exhibited by or on the behalf of the part-owners of fuch (hip, the plaintiff fuch bill to an-or plaintiffs fhall annex an affidavit to fuch bill or bills, that he nexanamdav-Qr tkey not copude with any of the defendants thereto, and

of the (hip,

&c. be not fufficient to compenfate their lofs, their J

Part owners exhibiting

it to the bill.

fhall



1734*] Anno feptimo GeorOii II. C.16.	467

fhall thereby offer to pay the value of fuch (hip or veffel, appur- that t. do tenances, and freight, as fuch court (hall direct; and fuch court not collude (hall thereupon take fuch method for afcertaining fuch value, as with the de-to them (hall feem juft, and (hall direft the payment thereof in fendants. like manner as is now ufed and praftifed in cafes of bills of interpleader.

IV\ Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted, This aft not That nothing in this prefent aft contained (hall extend, or be remed*1 which eonftrued to extend, to impeach, leffen, or difcharge any re- the^perfon ag-medy, which any perfon or perfons now hath, or (hall or may grieved hath hereafter have, againft all, every, or any the mafter and mari- by law againft ners of fuch fhip or veflel, for or in refpeft of any imbezzle- t,ie ,mafte£ or ment, fecreting, or making away with any gold, filver, dia- J^ezde- ^ monds, jewels, precious ftones, or merchandize, (hipped orments. loaded on board fuch (hip or veffel, or on account of any fraud, abufe, or maleverfation, of and in fuch mafter and mariners refpeftively; but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for every perfon or perfons, fo injured or damaged, to purfue and take fuch remedy for the fame, againft the (aid mafter and mariners refpeftively, as he or they might have done before the making of this aft.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for the better regulating the election of members to ferve in the houfe of commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the judges of the court of feffion^ court of jujliciary, and barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be ele£led> or to fit or vote as members of the houfe of commons.

WHEREAS doubts may arife, whether the afts of parliament made in England for preventing falfe and undue returns of members to ferve in parliament, extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland : and whereas feveral quejlions have arifen concerning the election of commoners to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain: therefore to obviate fuch doubts, difputes, and questions for the future, and for the more effeftually preventing returning officers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., making falfe and undue returns: may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if the clerk ^ter 1 of any meeting of freeholders for the eleftion of a commiffioner penaity°oi\ to ferve in parliament for any (hire or ftewartry id Scotland, after every taltc the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, return, (hall wilfully return to the fheriff or ftewart any perfon, other than him who (hall be duly elefted ; or if any other perfon pretending to be clerk, though not duly elefted, (hall prefume to aft as clerk, and wilfully to return to the fhreriff any perfon as ^efted, who (hall not be duly elefted by the major part of fuch

H h %	‘	meet-

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Anno feptimo Georgii II, e.16. f 1734.

meeting; the party fo offending {hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered by the candidate fo elected, to whofe prejudice fuch falfereturn is made, in fuch manner as is herein after diredted.

Freeholders, H* And be it further enadted, That every freeholder, who on requeft, to (hall claim to vote at any eledtion of a member to ferve in partake the fol- liament for any lands or eftate in any county or ftewartry in Scot-inftead o^that or w^° (hall have right to vote in adjufting the rolls of free-appointed by holders, inftead of the oath appointed to be taken by an adt 12 Anna?, c. 6. made in the twelfth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the better regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall, upon the requeft of any freeholder formerly inrolled, before he proceed to vote in the choice of a member, or on adjufting the rolls, take and fubfcribe, upon a roll of parchment to be provided and kept by the fheriff, or ftewart clerk for that purpofe, the oath following, which the Prcefes or clerk to the meeting, either for the inrolment or eledtion, is hereby impowered and required to adminifter; that is to fay,

I A. B. do in the prefence of God declare and fwear, That the lands and ejlate of	for	which	I claim a right to

vote in the election of a member to ferve in parliament for this county or ftewartry, is actually in my poffejfion, and do really and truly belong to me, and is my own proper eftate, and is not conveyed to me in truft, or for or in behalf of any other perfon whatfoever; and that neither /, nor any perfon to my knowledge, in my name, or on my account, or by my allowance, hath given, or intends to give, any pro-mife, obligation, bond, back-bond, or other fecurity whatsoever, other than appears from the tenour and contents of the title, upon which I now claim a right to vote, direftly or indirectly, for redifponing or reconveying the faid lands and eftate in any manner of ivay whatsoever, or for making the rents or profits thereof forthcoming to the ufe or benefit of the perfon from whom I have acquired the faid eftate, or any other perfon whatfoever; and that my title to the faid lands and eftate is not nominal or fictitious, created or referved in me, in order to enable me to vote for a member to ferve in parliament % but that the fame is a true and real eftate in me, for my own ufe and benefit, and for the ufe of no other perfon whatfoever; and that is the truth, as I Jhall anfwer to God.

In cafe of re-fufal, vote not to be admitted.

Penalty on falfe {wearing.

Judges of fef-fion, judiciary,

III.	And that in cafe he (hall refufe, if required, to take and fubfcribe the oath aforefaid, his vote (hall not be admitted or allowed, and his name fhall forthwith be erafed out of the roll of freeholders; and in cafe any perfon fhall prefume wilfully and falfly to fwear and fubfcribe the faid oath, and fhall be thereof lawfully convidted, he (hall incur the pains and punifhment of perjury, and be profecuted for the fame according to the laws and forms in ufe in Scotland.

IV,	And be it further enacted. That no judge of the court of feflion, or judiciary, or baron of the court of Exchequer in

Seth



I734*J Anna fcptimo GeoRGII II. c. 16.	46$

Scotland^ fhall be capable of being eleCted, or of fitting or voting or exchequer# as a member of the houfe of commons in any parliament which	to

fhall be hereafter fummoned and holden.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Sheriffs 4 days That the feveral fheriffs and ftewarts in Scotland fhall, within ^facets* the fpace of four days after the writ (hall come to their hand, toiilue pre-ifliie their precepts to the feveral boroughs within their jurifdic- cepts for tion to eleCt their delegates, and fhall caufe the fame to be deli- choofing-delevered to the chief magiftrate of fuch borough reliant in the bo- chiePmagi-rough for the time being; and that fuch chief magiftrate, to itrate 2 days whom fuch precept fhall be delivered, fhall, within two days after to fum-after his receipt of the fame, call and fummon the council of mon thecoun-the borough together, by giving notice perfonally, or leaving councdtoipl notice at the dwelling place of every counfellor then refiant in p0int a(jay fuch borough, which council fhall then appoint a peremptory for ele&ing day for the election of the delegate; but two free days fhall in- delegates, tervene betwixt the meeting of the council which appoints the

day of election of the delegate, and the day on which the election of the delegate is to be made.

VI.	And to prevent double elections of magiftrates in bo- iooj penalty roughs, which frequently occafion double commiflions to dele- oneverycoun-gates, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That at the annual fellor or magi-eleCtion of magiftrates and counfellors for boroughs, no magi-

ftrate or counfellor, or any number of magiftrates or counfellors, mfjOI-ityatthe fhall, for the future, upon any pretence whatever, take upon annualele&ion him or them to feparatefrom the majority of the magiftrates and for boroughs, counfellors who have been fuch for the year preceeding, and to appoint or eleCt feparate magiftrates or counfellors, but fhall fubmit to the election made, and to the magiftrates and coun-fellors eleCted and appointed by the majority of the town council aflembled; and if, contrary to the direction of this aCt, any number of magiftrates or counfellors fhall, in oppofition to the majority, take upon them to make a diftinCt and feparate election of magiftrates or counfellors, their aCt and election fhall be ipfo fafto void, and every magiftrate or counfellor, who concurred therein, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered by the magiftrates and counfellors, from whom they feparated, in manner herein after directed.

VII.	Provided always* and it is hereby declared and enabled, Magiftrates er That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any magiftrate or counfellors of counfellor of the borough, who apprehends any wrong was done ^^^thdrac^ at any annual election, to bring his aCtion before the court of tion m eighth' fefiion in Scotland, for rectifying fuch abufe, or for making void weeks after the whole election (if illegal) only within the fpace of eight weeks the ele&ion. after fuch election is over; and the lords of fefiion fhall, and

they are hereby exprefly authorized and required to hear and determine the caufe fummarily, and to allow to the party that lhall prevail their full cofts of fuit,

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That every fheriff or ftewarfc 5QOi, penai(-y in Scotland, who (hall wilfully annex to the writ any falfe or un- on neglecting

Hit 3	due	to return tire



47°

pf rfon duly elected.

for filch penalty,

Anno feptimo Georgii II. c.16.	[1734*

due return, and every common clerk of any prefiding borough, who fhall wilfully return to the fheriff or ftewart any perfon* other than the perfon elected, or who fhall neglect or refufe to return the perfon duly elected, fhall forfeit the fum of five hun-_ dred pounds fterling to the perfon intitled to have been return-Toberecover- ec*, anc* not returned, to be recovered from the faid fheriff, fte-ed in a fum- wart, or common clerk, their heirs, executors, or adminiftra-mary way. tors refpedtively, in a fummary way, by adlion, petition, or fummary complaint, before the faid court of feffion, upon fer-vice of fuch fummons, or of a copy of fuch petition or fummary complaint, on fifteen days notice or warning, without a-0Dmplaints of biding the courfe of any rolls, or further delay whatsoever; which undue returns adtion, petition, or complaint, the judges of the faid court are. to be com- hereby required to judge of, and determine with all convenient months after ^eec^1 Provided always, That fuch adtion, petition, or com-mum! a er	b&	commenced,	prefented,	or	made	within	the fpace of

fix months after the return is made. And in cafe the perfon forhh1(^a^/Ue ele&cd, and not returned, fhall negledt or omit to fue for-the faid penalty within the time before-mentioned, then any freeholder within the fhire or ftewartry, or any magiftrate or perfon bearing office in any .of the boroughs of the diftridl for which the return is unduly made, may fue for and recover the fame to his own ufe, by fuch adtion, petition, or complaint^ and in fuch manner, as is before-mentioned, with double cofts of fuit; provided always, That fuch freeholder, magiftrate, or perfon bearing office, fhall commence or bring fuch adtion with-? in the fpace of twelve months after the return is made.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every to be recover- penalty by this adt impofed, with refpedt to the recovery of which ed.	no particular provifion is herein before made, fhall and may be

fued for and recovered by way of fummary complaint before the court of feffion in Scotland, upon fifteen days notice to the perfon complained of, without abiding the courfe of any roll; which faid complaint the court of feffion is hereby authorized and required to determine with all convenient fpeed.

Freeholders if	And	be	lt	further	enadted,	That	every	freeholder	in	Scot-

required, to’ l&nd fhall, before he be either inrolled or admitted to vote at any take the oaths future eledtion, or meeting for inrollment, in any queftion for at the eledtion the choice of clerk or Prcefes^ or other queftion whatsoever (if of a clerk, &c. reqU]rec| by any freeholder prefent) be obliged to take and fub-feribe the oaths appointed by law to be taken by eledtors of members to ferve in parliament, when required fo to do • which oath the Prajcs or clerk of the meeting is hereby impowered and required to adminifter.

XI.	And whereas there have been fome miftahs in the dijlritl of the boroughs of Wigtoun, Whithorn, New Galloway, arid Stran-raver, in relation to their prefiding at elections of members of parliament for that diflridi, which may occafion difputes at future elections; for remedying thereof, be it enadled, That the boroughs continue to prefide in the courfe they are now in, and that the borough of Wigtoun (hall prefide at the eledlion of a member to '	re-

and in what time.

Penalties how

Method of prefiding at eledlions.



47*

1734O Anno feptimo GeoRGII II. c, 17.

reprefent-that diftrift in the next parliament, and that the other boroughs of the diftrift prefide afterwards in the method preferred by the aft of parliament of Scotland, made in the fourth fefiion of the firft parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft

for fettling the manner of elefting the fixteen peers and forty five cdmmoner s, to reprefent Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain..

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain an aft paffed in the loft fefiion of parliament> intituled, An aft for the converting a further part of the capital flock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for fettling the remaining part of the faid ftock in the faid company, fo far as the faid aft relates to the paying off the bonds of the faid company.

"1X7 HERE AS in and by an aft paffed in the lafi fefiion of par- 6Geo.z-c.zS. VV liament, intituled, An aft for the converting a further part of the capital ftock of the South Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for fettling the remaining part of the faid ftock in the faid company, it is amongfi other things enaft-ed, That the court of directors of the faid company /hall caufe the numbeYs, dates, and fums of all the bonds then owing by the faid company y to be fairly entred and regifired in a book, and that no new bonds Jhall be ifiued under the feal of the company, nor any bonds paid off or bought up with the company s money, except the proprietors of the faid company Jhall, in a general court called and held for that pur-pofe, be firft acquainted with the ufes for ivhich the faid bonds ivere intended to be ifiued: and whereas fome doubts have arifen about the ' intent and meaning of the faid in part recited aft of parliament, and whether the faid South-Sea company was not refrained thereby from paying off their bonds', may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted and declared by the King’s raoft excel-	mayday

lent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- off their bonds tual and temporal,and commons, in this prefentparliamentaffem- in the manner bled,and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be ^he>r 1?3§lltb lawful for the faid company to pay off the whole or any part °f fo^thefaid6" the faid company’s bonds, in fuch manner as by law they might aft. have, done in cafe the faid in part recited aft had not been made, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it alfo declared by the authority aforefaid, That the intent and meaning of the faid in part recited aft of parlia-

ment was and is, that no new bonds, nor any bonds paid off or the faidaft. bought up by and with the company’s money,fhould be iffued but by the confent and direftion of the general court of the faid company firft had and obtained, as in the faid aft is-direfted.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, p ... .	«

That this aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft, of	u*

which notice fhall be judicially taken by all judges, and other

perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

M h 4	CAP,



Annofeptimo Georgii II. c.18.

734-

CAP. XVIII.

An att for the revival of an ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firjl, in* tituled, An aft for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein limited •, aud alfo for the free importation of indico.

jaCar.a.c.iS. ttr H E R E A S cochineal and indico are of principal ufe in dy-V V ing of cloths, and other woollen manufactures of this kingdom, to the great improvement thereof by which great numbers of his Ma-jejlfs fubjeCls are employed in finijhing and perfecting fuch manufactures, and the importation thereof ought therefore to be encouraged in the mojl extenfive manner, that the dyers may at all times be /applied with cochineal and indico on the cheapejl terms pojjible: and whereas the faid commodities cannot at prefent be imported into this kingdom, but according to the rules prefcribed and enjoined by an aCt of parliament paffed in the twelfth year of King Charles the Seconds intituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafing of (flipping and navigation, which hath been found inconvenient, tending :to make them dearer in thefe kingdoms than they would be> if they could be freely imported from any place where they may be pur chafed cheapejl : and whereas by an ad of parliament paffed in the thirteenth year jr3Geo.nc.25. of his late Majesty King George, intituled\ An aft for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein mentioned} liberty was therein granted for the free importation of cochineal, during the continuance of the faid a Cl, which is now expired: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. The aft 13 and by the authority of the fame, That the faid Jaft mentioned Geo. 1. for the aft 0f the thirteenth of his late Majesty King George, fhall,front ^o^cochine^1071 anc* a^ter twentY f°urth day of June one thousand feven revived!** * hundred and thirty four, be revived, and is hereby revived, and (hall remain in full force and virtue*

AfterZ4. June,	II* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

1734. indico from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand of all forts may feven hundred and thirty four, it (hall and may be lawful to and fro^an^ort ^or anY Perf°n or Perfons to import and bring into this kingdom, in°Brhhh *n any Ihip or veffel belonging to Great Britain, or to any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, from any port or place whatsoever, indico of all forts; any aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Ill, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid aft of the thirteenth year of his late Majesty King George, and this prefent aft, (hall continue and be in force for feven years, from the faid twenty fourth day of June^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end pf the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP,

other fhips in amity \yitfr Britain.

.Continued hy a.7Geo,2. c.18.



1734*] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 19.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for the more effectual preventing the clandeftine importation of foreign hops into Great Britain Ireland, and to prevent the adulterating or fophijlicating of	to

alter the colour or fcent thereof.

4 73

W

HERE AS by an aft of parliament made in the ninth year 0/^ Aiinse c 1

her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon hops, it is enafted, That there Jhall be raifed, levied\ and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majejly, her heirs and fuccef-fors, for and upon all hops, which, at any time or times within or during the term of four years, to be reckoned from the firjl day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, Jhall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other cufioms,fubfidies, and duties, impofed upon or payable for the fame, the fum of three pence for every pound weight Averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lejjer quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing of the fame; which faid aft, and every claufe, article, matter, and thing therein-contained, is continued, declared to be in force, by an aft made in the firjl year of his late ma-jefiy King George, from the thirty firjl day ^May, in the year of Geo t ftat our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, until the firjl day of 2 c#	*

Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes,	if the fame were therein parti-

cularly and at large repeated andre~enafted\ zvhich faid duty of three pence a pound by the aforefaid aft of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the aforefaid aft of his late Majesty King George, x Qe0t u ^ was continued by one other aft made in the firjl year of his late Ma- 2, c* 12. f. 5. jejly King George and made payable to his Majejly, his heirs and Juccejfors for ever: and whereas the penalty for landing or putting on jhore out of any Jhip or vejfel, any imported hops, before due entry thereof jhall have been made, and the duty by the aforefaid afts granted and continued, Jhall have been paid, has been found too fmall to prevent the clandejline importation of the fame: and whereas by the low price that hops have taken and do fill bear in foreign markets, great quantities of foreign hops are imported into and vended in Great Britain, and brought into and vended in Ireland, contrary to law$ for preventing therefore of a pradlice fo prejudicial to the hop planters of this kingdom, and fo detrimental to the revenue; be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual ahd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, After x May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven him- 1734 foreign dred and thirty four, if any foreign hops (hall be landed or put bops landed on (hore out of any fhip or veffel in Great Britain, before due	1^"

entry thereof fnall be made at the cuftom-houfe in the port or [^nd °before place where the fame fhall be imported, and before the duties entry and charged or chargeable thereon (hall be paid, or without a war- payment of rant for landing or delivering the fame firft figned by the com- ^utie^» or ItiiffiQners, colledlor, or other proper* officer or officers of the ^fnt

cuftoms



fhall be burnt, the {hip forfeited, and importer to pay 5 s. tor each pound of fuch hops.

51. Penalty on every hundred weight of fophifticat-ed hops.

Penalties how to be levied.

Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 20.	[*734*

cuftoms refpectively; or if any foreign hops, other than of 5n-tijb growth, fhall be landed or put on fhore out of any fhip or veflel in Ireland, all fuch hops, of what kind foever, as (hall ber fo landed or put on fhore, or taken out of any fhip or veflel in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall be forfeited and burnt within ten days after the fame fhall be lawfully condemned, and alfo the fhip or veflel forfeited in which the fame were imported, and the perfon or perfons concerned in importing of the fame, or that fhall have been aiding and aflifting in the landing or putting the fame on fhore, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for every pound weight thereof \ and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall, from and after the faid firfl day of May^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, mix with, or put into any quantity of hops any drug or ingredient, or other thing whatsoever, to alter the colour or fcent thereof, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted by the oath of one or more wit-nefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for every hundred weight thereof.

III.	And he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as well fpecifick as pecuniary, by this adt impofed (the fuing for, levying and recovering of which are not hereby before particularly provided for, fhall and may be fued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, in Great Britain or Ireland refpedtively, by by fuch ways, means^ and methods, as any fine, penalty, and forfeiture may be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by the laws now in force relating to hops ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture, fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. XX.

An aft for the more eafy redemption and foreclofure of mortgages.

WHEREAS ?nortgagees frequently bring a ft ions of ejeftment for the recovery of lands and efates to them mortgaged, and bring aftions on bonds given by mortgagors to pay the money fecured by fuch mortgages, and for performing the covenants therein contained, and likezvife commence fuits in his Majesty s courts of equity, to foreclofe their mortgagors from redeeming their efates ; and the courts of law, where fuch ejeftments are brought, have mot power to compel fuch mortgagees to accept the principal monies and interefs due on fuch mortgages, and cojls, or to fay fuch mortgagees from proceeding to judgment and execution in Juch aftions \ but fuch mortgagors mufl have recourfe to a court of equity for that purpofe; in which cafe likewife the courts of equity do not give relief until the 'hearing of the caufe ; for remedy thereof, and to obviate all objections relating to the

fame j



1734*] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c.20.	475

fame ; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Eafter term, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, where	Eafter

adtion (hall be brought on any bond for payment of the money term> fecured by fuch mortgage, or performance of the covenants a&ions con-therein contained, or where any adtion of ejedtment (hall be cermng mort-brought in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at /Veflminjler, ^a^etsgor or in the court of great feffions in Wales, or in any of the fupe-rior courts in the counties palatine of Chefler, Lancajler, or Durham, by any mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, for the recovery of the pof-feffion of any mortgaged lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and no fuit (hall be then depending in any of his  Majesty’s courts of equity, in that part of Great Britain called England, for or no fait being touching the foreclofing or redeeming of fuch mortgaged lands, fore^" tenements, or hereditaments; if the perfon or perfons having dffe°fuche" right to redeem fuch mortgaged lands, tenements, or heredita^ mortgage, ments, and who fhall appear and become defendant or defendants in fuch adtion, fhall at any time, pending fuch adtion, pay unto fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, or, in cafe of his, her, or their refufal, fhall bring into court, where fuch adtion (hall be depending, all the principal monies and intereft due on fuch mortgage, and alfo all fuch cofts as have been expended in any mort fuit or fuits at law or in equity upon fuch mortgage (fuch money gag0r’s tei^ for principal, intereft, and cofts to be afcertained and computed dring the by the court where fuch adfion is or fhall be depending, or by principal, in-the proper officer by fuch court to be appointed for that purpofe) andurt the monies fo paid to fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, or brought ^ deem-into fuch court, (hall be deemed and taken to be in full fatis- ed a full fatis-fadtion and difcharge of fuch mortgage, and the court (hall and fa6tion, may difcharge every fuch mortgagor, or defendant, of and from the fame accordingly ; and (hall and may, by rule or rules of the fame court, compel fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, at the cofts and tlie court and charges of fuch mortgagor or mortgagors, to affign, fur-	lee

render, or re-convey fuch mortgaged lands, tenements, and he- tofurrender reditaments, and fuch eftate and intereft, as fuch mortagee or the premifles. mortgagees have or hath therein, and deliver up all deeds, evidences, and writings, in his, her, or their cuftody, relating to the title of fuch mortgaged lands, tenements, and hereditaments, unto fuch mortgagor or mortgagors who fhall have paid or brought fuch monies into the court, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, or to fuch other perfon or perfons, as. he, (he, or they, fhall for that purpose nominate or appoint:

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That 0n bills ta from and after the faid firft day of Eajler term, one thousand foreclofe, ' feven hundred and thirty four, where any bill or bills, fuit or fuits, fhall be filed, commenced, or brought in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of equity, in that part of Great Britain called England, by any perfon or perfons having or claiming any eftate, right, or intereft, in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

%	'	under



the court; on defendant's requeft, may proceed to a

476	Anno feptimo Georgii II. c.21,	[1734.

under or by virtue of any mortgage or mortgages thereof, to compel the defendant or defendants in fuch fuit or fuits (having or claiming a right to redeem the fame) to pay the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or fuits, the principal money and intereft due on any fuch mortgage, or the principal money and intereft due on fuch mortgage, together with any fum or fums of money due on any incumbrance or fpecialty, charged or chargeable on the equity of redemption thereof, and in default of payment thereof, to foreclofe fuch defendant or defendants of his, her, or their right or equity of redeeming fuch mortgaged lands, te- . nements, or hereditaments; fuch court and courts of equity, where fuch fuit or fuits fhall be depending, upon application made to fuch court by the defendant or defendants in fuch fuit,. having a right to redeem fuch mortgaged lands, tenements, or decree, before hereditaments, and upon his or their admitting the right and a regular	title Qf the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit, may and fhall at

eanng*	any time or times, before fuch fuit or caufe (hajl be brought to

hearing, make fuch order or decree therein* as fuch court or and all parties courts might or could have made therein, in cafe fuch fuit or fhall be bound caufe had then been regularly brought to hearing before fuch thereby, as if court or courts; and all parties to fuch fuit or fuits fhall be the caufe had bound by fuch order or decree fo made, to all intents and pur-^liearf111^" P°**es> as ^ fuch or^er or decree had been made by fuch court, y ’ at or fubfequent to the hearing of fuch caufe or fuit; any ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always, That this a6t, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to any cafe where the perfon or per-fons, againft whom the redemption is or ftiall be prayed, redemption is ^al1 (bY .writin£ under his, her, or their hands, or the controverted, hand of his, her, or their attorney, agent, or folicitor, to be or the money delivered before the money fhall be brought into fuch court at due not ad- ]aw, to the attorney or folicitor for the other fide) infift, either jutted,	that party praying a redemption has not a right to redeem,

or to re*u or tbat tbe Premiffes are chargeable with other or different prin-d[ce\nyCfub- clPa^ funis, than what appear on the face of the mortgage, or fequent mort- fhall be admitted on the other fide; nor to any cafe where the gage*	right of redemption to the mortgaged lands and premiffes in

queftion in any caufe or fuit fhall be controverted or queftioned by or between different defendants in the fame caufe or fuit; nor fhall be any prejudice to any fubfequent mortgagee or mortgagees, or fubfequent incumbrancer; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXI.

This a<51: not to extend to cafes where the right of

An a51 far the more effectual punijhment of affaults with in-tent to commit robbery.

WHEREAS many of his Majejlys fubjedls have of late frequently been put in great fear and danger of their lives, by wicked and ill-difpofed perfons affaulting and attempting to rob them : and whereas the punijhment of fuch offenders is not adequate to the

heinouf;



477

1734*1 Anno feptlmo Georgii II. c* 22.

heinoufnefs of that crime, nor fufficient to deter wicked perfons from fuch attempts; to the end therefore that all perfons may be deterred from committing fuch offences, and for the greater pu-nifhment of fuch offenders, and for the more effe&ual preventing of the like mifchiefs for the future; be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That if any perfon or perfons from and after the firft day of After 1 May, Mayy in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and 1734* perfons thirty four, fhall, with any offenfive weapon or inftrument, un- c°nvi<^ed of lawfully and malicioufly affault, or fhall by menaces, or in or by ah(frs 'fm any forcible or violent manner, demand any money, goods, or fenilve wear chatties, of or from any other perfon or perfons with a feloni- pons, and a ous intent to rob or commit robbery upon fuch perfon or per- ^fift^tranf* fons, that then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch per- p0rte<i for fon and perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidted, 7 years* fhall be, and be adjudged guilty of felony, and every fuch offender and offenders fhall be fubjedf and liable to be tranfport-cd as in cafes of felony; and the courts by and before whom he, fhe, or they fhall be tried and convi&ed, fhall have full power and authority of tranfporting fuch offenders for the fp^ce of feven years, upon the like terms and conditions, and by the fame ways and means, and in like manner as other felons may or are to be tranfported to any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, by force or virtue of any law for that pur-pofe now in being.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any fuch offender or offenders aforefaid, who fhall be Such conviffe ordered for tranfportation by or by virtue of this prefent a <51, or^/awfunV fhall break gaol, or efcape before fuch tranfportation, or fhall returning return into any part of Great Britain or Ireland before the ex- from transpiration of the faid feven years, for which fuch offender or of-fenders fhall be fo ordered to be tranfported, as aforefaid, con-	er

trary to the intent and meaning hereof; all and every fuch pen-fon and perfons fo breaking gaol, efcaping, or returning into any part of Great Britain or Ireland, within the time aforefaid, being thereof lawfully convidled, fhall fuffer death as felons, and have execution awarded againfl them as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXII.

An all for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, bills ^ or other fecu-rities for paytnent of money, or warrants or orders for payment of money, or delivery of goods.

WHEREAS in and by an all of parliament made in the fe-cond year of his prefent Majcffs reigm, intituled, An a<5t for the more effectual preventing and further punifhment of

for-

1Ge0.ft.c-.



Hosted by (jOO^Ic

478	Anno	feptimo	GeoRgiI	II. c. 22.	[1734^

forgery, perjury, and fubornation of perjury, and to make it felony to fteal bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of money, it is amongft other things enabled, That if any p erf on front and after the twenty ninth day of June, in the year of our Lord one1 thoufandfeven hundred and twenty nine, jhall falfy make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to he faljly made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ah or ajftjl in the falfe making, forgings or counterfeiting any deed, will, tefiament, bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promijfory note for payment of money, indorfement or ajfignment of any bill of exchange, or promijfory note for payment of money, or any acquittance or receipt, either for money or goods, with intention to defraud any perfon vuhatfioeVer, or fall utter or publifh as true, any falfe, forged, or counterfeited deed, will, tef a-■ ment, bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promijfory note for payment of money, indorfement or ajfignment of any bill of exchange or promijfory note for payment of money, acquittance or receipt, either for money or goods, with intention to defraud any perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited; then every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convifted, according to the due courfe of law, Jhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy: and whereas no punijhment is in flitted by the faid atl upon any perfon who Jhall faljly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be faljly made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or zuillingly att or affifl in the falfe making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or the number or principal fum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, or who Jhall knowingly utter or publijh the fame as true; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the After 24. June, authority of the fame. That if any perfon from and after the 734> persons twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and foi'oTi^or°al- thirty four, fhall fallly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or terfno-the ac- caufe or procure to be falfly made, altered, forged, or coun-ceptance of terfeited, or willingly act or aflift in the falfe making, altering, bills of ex-	forging,	or counterfeiting any acceptance	of	any bill of ex-

fums^ac-tie	change,	or the number or principal fum	of	any accountable

countable re-	receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity	for	payment of mo-

ceipts, &e.	ney, or	any warrant or order for payment of	money, or deli-

very of goods, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfo-ever, or fhall utter or publifh as true, any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited acceptance of any bill of exchange, or accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit-fhall fuffer ed; then every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convicted

death as fe- according to the due courfe of law, (hall be deemed guilty of Ions. >



1734-] Anno feptimo GEORGH II. C. 23,24;	479

felony, and (hail fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for railing the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid, and for making the militia within the fame more ufeful.

His Majesty may order the militia to be drawn out into aftual fervice, at any time before 24 June, 1735, notwithftanding the faid aft. The militia of any city, town, &c. to march at any time before 24 June, 1-735, as ordered by the King, and the expence repaid in 6 months by alTelfment;.

Ill, Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to make any perfon chargeable to the militia, that is not already chargeable by law to the fame, or to enlarge the power of the lieutenants* or their deputies in any kind, beyond the authority already given them by the afts of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth years of King Charles the Second, relating to the militia, faving only in the particular cafes exprefly direfted and provided for by this prefent aft; and that no perfon who is by this aft chargeable to the militia, fhall be, obliged at any time or times hereafter, to advance more than one month’s pay to any horfe or foot foldier, till fuch time as the month’s pay by fuch county, city, riding, or place, fo to be advanced, (hall have • been repaid and made good to fuch county, city, riding, or place, by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, out of his or their publick treafury or revenue.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for granting to Samuel Buckley, citizen andfta-tioner of London, the foie liberty of printing and reprinting the hifiories of Thuanus, with additions and improvements, during the time therein limited.

WHEREAS Samuel Buckley, citizen and Jtationer of London, hath, at a very great expence ^ by his own induj-iry> and with the ajfijlance of divers learned perfonsy in the courfe °f feveral years, procured many valuable fupplements to the celebrated hijlories of Thuanus, with a defign to publijh a new imprejjion thereof and hath now caufed to be printed, in the city of London, a fair and accurate edition of the faid hijlories in the Latin language ^ in /even volumes in Folio, unth great additions and improvements9 upon paper and with types provided for that purpose : and whereas the foie liberty of printing and reprinting books for the term offourteen years, to commence from the day of the fir ft publijh-ing the fame, granted to the proprietors thereof by an aft made in the eighth, year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, intituled, An aft for g Anrne, 0.19, the encouragement of learning, by veiling the copies of printed books in the authors or purchafers of fuch copies, during the times therein mentioned,, extends not to prohibit the importation ± vending, or felling of any books in Greek, Latin, or any other

foreign



4&o	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	II. C.15.’	[1734.

foreign language, printed beyond the feas, as by a provifo contained in the /aid aft is declared: and whereas the work thus compleated by the care of the /aid Samuel Buckley may be reprinted beyond the feas, andr, under colour of the /aid provifo, which was not intended for the advantage of foreigners in prejudice, to the natives of this kingdom, many copies of the faid work, fo reprinted, may be import-ed^ vended, and fold\ to the great damage of the faid Samuel Buckley: Therefore that he may not lofe the fruit of his expence and labour, by the avarice of foreign printers, or fuf-fer by an a<51 made for the encouragement of learning, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may be enafted,&c.

S. Buckley and his affigns {hall have the foie liberty of printing and vending the hiftories of Thuanus, &c. for 14 years. The nine copies to be delivered for the publick libraries by 24 June, 1734.

CAP. XXV.

An act to explain and amend an aft paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft^ intituled, An aft for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

WHEREAS the aft made in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the * better regulating the manufafture of cloth in the Weft Riding of the county of York (ivhich, except that part which refirains certain perfons therein deferibed from making broad cloth in the faid Weft Riding, was, by an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament y continued till the firft day 0/September, in the year one thousand feven hundred and forty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament) has been found highly beneficial to the cloth trade in the faid Weft Riding: and whereas there are penalties in the faid aft dire fted to be levied upon the oivners, occupiers, or mill-men of the fulling-mills in the faid Weft Riding, to which they may inadvertently become liable, to their great lofs, and the difeouragement of the manufafture; and feveral doubts have a-rifen in conftruftion of the faid aft> and the fame aft has been found defeftive for fome of the purpofes thereof % wherefore for explaining and amending the fame, and for making the faid law more, effeftual; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, After 24 June, and by the authority of the fame. That if any owner, mafter, 1734. Owners occupier, or mill-man, of any fulling-mills in the faid Weft °t fulling- Riding, (hall, after the twenty fourth day of '^une, in the year on alead^i11^' °f our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, neg-feal the true left or refufe to ftamp on a feal of lead, by the faid aft direft-length and ed to be affixed to every broad cloth made in the faid Weft breadth of Riding, before fuch cloth (hall be carried from the mill, in cloth before fig^res plainly to be feen and known, the true length and *	breadtk

iYZ4*]' Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 25.	481

breadth of fuch cloth, and alfo his name or part thereof upon? it be carried the rivet of the1 feal, and be thereof lawfully convided upon the mill the oath of one or more credible wrtnefs or witneffes, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid TVeJi Riding, or of any corporation within the fame (provided fuch juftice or juftices be or are not' a merchant or trader in the woolen manufacture, and which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) fuch owner, mafter, occupier, or mill-man, of fuch fulling-mill, fhall for- on penaltyof feit for every fuch negleCt or offence the fum of twenty fhil- 20s, for each lings, to be recovered and diftributed as is herein after direCt- offence... ed; and that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, no mafter, owner, occupier, or mill-man, of any fulling-mill in the faid Weji Riding, fhall forfeit or incur any greater penalty than the filid fum of twenty (hillings for the faid offence of not damping on the faid feals the true length and breadth of fuch cloth* and alfo his name, or part thereof, upon the rivet of the faid feal ; and for the recovering of which faid penalty the informa- Informations' tion fhall be laid within fourteen days after the delivery of the to be laid wit h-faid cloth fo overftamped, as aforefaid.	te/delivery."

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Buyers fuf-* That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June^ one peeing the thousand feven hundred and thirty four, if any merchant or quantity, may buyer of broad cloth fhall fufpect, that fuch cloth does not contain the length and breadth impreffed on the feals affixed hQui-gtef 0Ur to fuch cloth by the fuller or mill-man, then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the merchant or buyer of fuch cloth, within fourteen days after the delivery of fuch cloth, to put the fame into water, for any time not exceeding four hours, and then caufe the fame to be meafured *nd caufethe by a fwom fearcher of woolen broad cloth; and if fuch fearch- mwfured by a er fhalJ, upon fuch meafuremerit, find the cloth fo by him Cworn fearch-meafured, to contain a fmaller quantity in the length or breadth' er. thereof, than on fuch feals is marked and imprefled by the fuller or mill-man, then and in fuch cafe the clothier or maker of fuch cloth fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted* upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies* before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or of any corporation within the fame (fuch juftice not being a merchant or trader in the woollen manufacture, and which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized to adminifter) fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch cloth with fuch defective feals by him fold; and the fearcher meafuring fuch cloth fhall, immediately upon fuch aclmeafurement, take the defective feals’ off fuch cloth, and affix new feals thereupon,' containing the true length and breadth which fuch cloth was found to be of upon his admeafurement of the fame; and fhall regilter the true length and breadth, found upon fuch admeafurement, in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe; and fuch fearcher Vet. XVI.	li	fhall.

482	Anno feptimo Georgii II. C. 25,	[1734^

Searcher to (ball, within five days after fuch admeasurement, make in-matfon'on" f°rination °f the ^ upon oath> before one or more juftice or oath of defec- juftices of the peace for the faid Weft Riding: and if any fuch tive doth in fearcher (hall neglect or refufe to affix to any cloth, fo by him five days after meafured, new feals of the true length and breadth of fuch cloth, or to regifter the fame, or to make information of the fad within the time aforefaid, fuch fearcher fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more juftice or ju-ftices for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame, (hall, for every fuch negled or offence forfeit the fum of twen-on penalty of ty (hillings; which faid fums of twenty (hillings and twenty Penalties how uuMngs ^a^ g° anc^ be difpofed of, one moiety to fuch per-to be difpofed fon or perfons as (hall give information of the offence on

the admea-furement,

of.

Diftrefs on nonpayment of the penalties in todays,

Offender, for want of diftrefs, to be imprifoned, and kept to hard labour.

The feller, in 5 days after notice, may examine the cloth complained of,

which the convidion (hall be made, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the faid Weji Riding for the time being, to be applied towards the payment of the fearchers falaries: and if any clothier, or maker of cloth, or fearcher, being convided; of any of the offences aforefaid, (hall, by the fpace of ten days next after he or they (hall be fo convicted, and have notice thereof given to him, her, or them, or left in writing at his, her, or their dwelling-houfe, or laft place of abode, refufe or negled to pay any penalties by him, her, or them incurred by reafon of this ad, or (hall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the next quarter feffions; then it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace before, whom fuch convidtion (hall be made, or any other juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame (not being a dealer in woollen cloth) upon certificate of fuch convidtion fent to them from the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidtion was made (who is and are hereby authorized and required to make fuch certificate) to iffue out one or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feals, to the conftable of the town or place, or bailiff or bailiffs of the liberties, wapentakes, or limits where fuch offender or offenders do or (hall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the fame penalties by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if any -be, after paying likewife the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale) to the offender or offenders demanding the fame; and where no fufficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction within the faid Weft Riding, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding the fpace of one month.

III. And be it further enacted, That every offender or offenders (hall and may, and are hereby authorized and impow-ered, within five days after fuch notice of the offences fo upon them charged, to go to the houfe of the merchant, buyer, or owner of the cloth, and requeft to fee the faid cloth, to examine that the crimes and fads fo charged upon them be juft,

and



I734-] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 25.	483

and that no frauds have been committed by the merchant, buyer, or oWrier of the fame, or the fearcher meafuring fuch cloth; and that upon the merchant’s, buyer, or owner of fuch cloth, refufing to permit and fuffer fuch offender or offenders and on the to fee and examine fuch cloth, as aforefaid, fuch profecution, buyer’s refu-fo intended to have been made againft fuch offender or offend- ceafe^0^ ers, (hall be at an end, and ceafe, and any convidlion to be made thereupon fhall be void, and of none effedl.

IV.	Provided always, and it is further enadted, That no clothier, or maker of woolen broad cloth in the Weft Riding of No greater the county of Tork> fhall, after the faid twenty fourth day of penalty than fune^ forfeit or incur any other or greater penalty by virtue ^tl inch

of this or the former adt, than ten (hillings for the fir ft inch, for the fecond* and fifteen (hillings for the fecond inch, wanting in the and zo s. for breadth thereof, and for every other inch the fum of twenty the reft in fhillings; which faid penalties fhall be recovered and applied ^lve c^oth* in the fame manner as the other penalties are herein diredled.

V.	Provided alfo, andjt is hereby declared, That no mafter

or owner of white woolen broad cloth fhall be fubjedt to any pe- provifo relat-nalties inflidted by this or the former adt, relating to the breadth ing to white of the fame, after fuch white cloth fhall be put into hot water, or cloths* any liquors, in order to be dyed.

VI.	And whereas by the faid aft it is provided, That there /hall he paid to the mafter or occupier of every fuch fulling-mill, for affixing, or caufing to he affixed at each end of every cloth, before it fhall be carried from the mill, a feal of lead, and riveting the fame, and famping thereon the length and breadth of every fuch cloth, in the manner therein direfted> two pence by the owner of every fuch cloth; one penny whereof is by the faid aft appointed to be paid to the treafurer of the faid Weft Riding for the time being, to be applied, by direction of the juft ices of the peace at their general quarter feffions, towards the falaries of fear ch ers by them to be appointed by virtue of the faid aft ; but no provifion is in the faid aft made to enforce the payment, either of the faid two pence to the faid mafter cr occupier of the faid mill, or of the faid penny to the faid treafurer of the faid Weft Riding: it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Mill-man may June> one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, in cafe any detain the owner of fuch cloth fhall refufe or negledl upon demand to pay cloth till pay-to the mill-man, mafter, or occupier of fuch mill fuch two pence dudwim-6 for every whole cloth, or one penny for every half cloth) it fhall pofedbythe be lawful to and for the faid mill-man, mafter, or occupier of former aff. fuch mill, to detain and flop fuch cloth until fuch two pence for

for every whole cloth, or fuch penny for every half cloth, fhall •• be to him paid: and in cafe any mill-man, mafter, or occupier of fuch mill, fhall refufe, or by the fpace of ten days next 51. Penalty on after demand thereof, pegledl to pay to the faid treafurer of the mill-man de-faid weft-riding one penny for every fuch whole cloth, and one taimn5the halfpenny for every fuch half cloth fo fealed and (lamped at ^^tedTo be fuch fulling-mill as aforefaid (oath being, of fuch refufal or paid to the

I i 2	negledl,	treafurer.

484	Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 25.	tI73+.

neglect, made by one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid Weji Riding, or any corporation within the fame, fuch juftice not being a merchant or trader in the woollen manufacture, and which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized to adminifter) then every fuch mill-man, mafter, or occupier of fuch mill fhall, for every fuch refufal or neglect, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be paid to the faid treafurer, and to be applied towards the falaries of the faid fearchers ; and then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, by warrant under his and their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to levy by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the faid mill-man, mafter, or occupier of fuch mill, fo refuting or neglecting to pay fuch penny for every fuch whole cloth, or fuch halfpenny for every fuch half cloth, as aforefaid, as well the faid fum of five pounds, as the faid one penny for every fuch whole cloth, or the faid halfpenny for every fuch half cloth fo refufed or neglected to be paid ; and in cafe fuf&cient diftrefs cannot be found, then and in fuch cafe to commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction within the faid weft riding, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month.

VII.	And whereas feveral fums of money have been borrowed and taken up at inter eft by divers clothier s, which fums have been expended and difburfed in and about the obtaining of the faid afi of the e~ leventh year of his faid late Majefiy s reign, and in endeavouring to procure a bill, which in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefly ivas brought into parliament, for explaining, amending, and making more ejfefinal the faid afi, to pafs into a law, which never-thelejsy did not pafi, and feveral fums of money have been and ivill be expended and difburfed in obtaining this prefent afi: now it is here-Perf ns who ^Y enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every per-advanced ° ^on or Perf°ns> t0 or by whom any money is or fhall be due, money topro- owing, or difburfed, upon the account above-mentioned, fhall cure the ad and may, at the next quarter feffions to be holden for the faid 11 Geo. 1- c. weft riding, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thou-re*aidWt0t>e ^anc* ^even hundred and thirty four, deliver in their refpective *	bills	or	accounts of their refpective difburfements, debts, and de-

mands then due to them refpectively, and make oath (or being a quaker or quakers make a folemn affirmation) of the truth' thereof; and upon fuch accounts, fo delivered and proved as a-forefaid, the faid juftices are hereby authorized and required to allow fo much of the faid bill qr bills, as fhall appear and feem to them to be reafonable, and to order and direct the moaey a-rifen by the fealing and damping of cloth, which fhall be then remaining in the hands of the faid treafurer of the faid weft riding (after deducting thereout fuch falaries as fhall be then due to the fearchers, if any fuch remainder there fhall be) to be immediately iflued and paid unto the feveral perfons, who upon fuch proof fhall be inti tied to the fame, in proportion to the refpective fums fo proved to be due to them refpectively, with fuch legal intereft for any fum or fums of money expended in and a-

bout



*734'] Anno feptimo Georgii II. c. 25.	4%$

bout the obtaining the faid former adt, or endeavouring to procure the faid bill to pafs into a law, as the faid juftices fhall think reafonable, and which the faid treafurer is hereby required and diredted, upon fuch order, to iffue and pay accordingly.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enacted. That when and as any money arifing by the damping of cloth or otherwife, by virtue of this or the faid former a61, (hall come into the hands of fuch treafurer for the time being, the fame fhall, from time to time., by fuch order of the juftices, at their quarter feffions to be held next after Eafter in every year, beiffued and applied to the feveral perfons intitled to the fame on the account afore-mentioned, in the proportion aforefaid, until the whole debts and demands of fuch perfon and perfons refpedtively (hall be fully fatisfied and difcharged.

IX.	And it is hereby further enadled, That every clothier or maker of broad cloth within the faid riding fhall pay, or caufe

to be paid, to the mill-man, the further fum of two pence for repayment of every whole cloth, or one penny for every half cloth, which fhall fuch monies , be made or fulled within the faid riding, to be by them paid to the treafurer of the faid riding, until fuch time as the debts and demands which ihall be proved and allowed in manner before-mentioned, to be due to fuch feveral perfons, as aforefaid, for. any fum or fums of money expended in and about obtaining the faid former adl, or endeavouring to procure the faid bill to pafs into a law, with intereft for the fame, and the charges of obtaining this adl, (hall be railed, and that then this claufe (hall entirely ceafe and determine.

1 X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Powers for re-That fuch mafters, millmen, and occupiers of the (aid fulling- covering tha mills, and the faid treafurer of the faid weft riding, fhall have additional like powers for the recovering and obtaining the faid further fum duties* of two pence for every whole cloth, and of one penny for every half cloth, as is herein before provided for recovering and obtaining the faid fums, for fealing and damping the faid cloth, and the moieties thereof payable by virtue of the faid former adt; and fuch mafters, mill-men, and occupiers of the faid mills (hall be fubjecft to like penalties for not paying the faid further fum of two pence for every whole cloth, and one penny for every half cloth to the faid treafurer, to be levied and recovered in like manner, as the faid mill-men, mafters, and occupiers of mills are herein before made liable unto, for refufing or negledting to pay fuch fums as by the faid former act are fo limited to be paid to the faid treafurer, and as herein before provided for the recovering and levying fuch penalties.

XI.	And it is hereby further enadted, That after the faid When the ad-debts and demands fhall be totally paid off and difcharged, no dition at duties other rates or duties (hall be paid to the mill-men, mafters, or ceafe. occupiers of the faid fulling-mills, for fealing and ftamping the faid cloth, than two pence for a whole cloth, and one penny for an end or half cloth ; one moiety whereof (hall be paid to the feid treafurer for the purpofes aforefaid,

I i 3	£11.	An<J



^6.

io s. Penalty on ft retching cloths more than i yard in length, Scc above the quantity marked.

Appeals to the quarter feffions.

whole order fhall be final.

Who fhall be

appointed

fearchers.

'To what cloths this aft (hall extend. '

Informations to be made in 5 days.

Duration of this aft.

Anno feptitno Georoii II. c.25.	[1734;

XII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon whatsoever, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, (hall ftretch or drain, or caufe or procure to be ftretched or drained, any; whole or long doth, or end, or half cloth, more than one yard in length in every twenty yards of the length thereof, or more than one inch in every quarter of a yard of the breadth thereof (and fo in proportion for cloths that are more or lefs in lengths and breadths) above or beyond the length or breadth of fuch cloth, upon fuch damps, or feals marked, fet down, and expref-fed, then, and in fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more fuchjudiceorjudices of the peace, as aforefaid, fhall for every half yard in length, or every inch in breadth, fuch cloth fhall be overdretched, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, which faid fum (hall be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties are herein directed.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall find him or herfelf aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any judice or judices, upon any conviction before him or them in purfuance of this act:, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the next general quarter feffions to be held for the faid wed riding of the faid county of York, giving ten days notice of fuch appeal to the perfon or perfons difcovering or informing of the offence on which fuch conviction was made; and if the judices at their faid quarter feffions (hall think fit either to confirm or difannul the order or proceedings of the faid judice or judices, they (hall allow fuch cods and charges to the party aggrieved thereby, as they (hall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes of appeals from any order of the judices of the peace to the feffions, wbofe order herein (ball be final.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, no perfon for the future fhall be a fearcher of woollen broad cloth, in the faid riding, other than fuch as (half follqw, or fhqll have been brought up in the trade or occupation of a maker or dreffer of woollen broad cloth in the faid riding, to be chofen by the judices not dealers in cloth.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That this aft, and all the. penalties, directions, and claufes therein contained, (hall extend to all woollen broad cloth, which fhall be made, milled, dreifed, or expofed to fale in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the; authority aforefaid. That all informations, on which any con-viftion (ball be made of any offence by virtue of this aft, (hall be made within five days next after difcovery of'the fame offence, and not otherwife.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That this prefent aft fhall continue in force until the

*	'	  firft



•1734*] AnnoTeptimo Georgii II. c. 26, 27, 28.	487

day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven Madeperpe-hundred and forty, and from thence to the end of the then nextiual 14 Geo* feflion of parliament 3 and aJfo that this aft fhall be taken and 2 c* deemed to be a publick aft; and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for continuing, explaining, and making more effeftual twoafts of powrs parliament, one of the third, and the other of the eighth year of the Rranteg by the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, For repairing the high-yormer ways from the federal places in the faidafis mentioned, to Highgate gatehoufeJfurtjjgr cont'inu„ and Hampftead in thecounty a/'Middlefex \ and for amending the roads from	rQr yearSt

the fouth end of the faid town ^Hampftead, to the further end of Borrough g Qeo< 2. c.28! Lane in the parifb of Hendon \ ana for repairing other roads therein men-' _ honed) lying in the parifb <f Islington in the faid county.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for making the church of Bablack in the city of Coventry, a parifh church, and for appointing a diftrift or parifb thereto, and for enabling the mafter and ufher of the free grammar fchool within the faid city, to be the reftor and lefturer of the faid parifh church.

After 23 June, 1734. Bablack church (hall be deemed a parifh church by the name*of Saint John Baptift. Bifhop of the diocefe to afcertain the manner and form of the lefturer’s affiftance. St. Michael and St. John to have the fame churchwarden. Reftor to nominate the parilh clerk.

Truftees may purchafe another Cemetery, and lands, &c. not exceeding 40I. per ann. for the ufe of the new church. The bifhop to determine controversies about letting pews. This aft not to prejudice the owner of the impropriate tithes of St.' Michael, or the prefent reftor. The inhabitants of the new parilh may refort to St. Michael's, and bury their dead there, till the new church be fitted for divine fervice, &c.

CAP. XXVIII.

An afi to. extend the navigation of the river Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the town 0/Namptwich in the county of Chefter.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the feventh year Geo s o of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfl, in- 7	’	*’

tituled, An aft for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodjham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Chefter, the undertakers and the trujlees therein mentioned, and their fucceffors, were impowered to make the faid river navigable from Frodfham Bridge to Winsford Bridge aforefaid., which river hath fince been made navigable font Frod (ham Bridge to Winsford Bridge accordingly : and whereas the extending or enlarging of the navigation on the faid river for boats, lighters, and other vejfels from Winsford Bridge aforefaid, to Namptwich in the fame county, will not only be ■very beneficial and convenient, as well for the carriage offait, cheefe, and corn (the great produce a?id manufactures of the faid county) as of Gther goods and merchandizes, to and from the Jaid town 0/Nampt-wich (the largejl and mofi confiderable town in the faid county) and other towns and parts adjacent, but will imploy the poor, and be a

I i 4	means



/;■ Anno o&avo <£eorgij	[1735.

means to preferve the highways in jhat part of,\the [aid county, and will tend very much to the irtpploying and increafing the number of fear inen end watermen In the ftfid county, and: be: for the publick good may it therefore pieafe y^tir mqft excellent,Majefly that it may he ena&ed, &c.	-	-	•	•	...	‘	.

W. Mailterfon and T. Williams, and their 'afligtii, impowered to make the river navigable. The duties to be paid to the undertakers not to exceed 3 s. per ton weight. . The works exempted from the commifiien of fewers. On death, &c. of commilTioners, others fKa.ll be chofen. Undertakers i'o fet up and maintain bridges, &c. and may borrow money on the undertaking. Any perfpn may ufe pleafure boats oh the river.

*Thc penvers granted by the jaid ads are further continued for 14 years. Continued by *4 Geo. 2. c. 59*

C AP. XXIX.

An aft for making more effectual an aft pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual amending the highways leading from Royfion in the county of Hertford, to Wands ford bridge in the county ofHuntingdon ,1b far as the fame relates to the arhending that part of the road as lies between a place called the White Port upon Alc°hhury Hill, and W^ndsford Bridge, in-,the faid county of Huntingdon, called ^he North divifion.	.

Anno	oftavoGEORGII II.

a Inc ho at. et tent* xiii0 die Junii Anno regut, &c. oftanjo, et per feparal. prorogations & ad-journationes continuat. ufque ad et in ximum diem Novembris finno regni, oftaziOy in recordo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the fourteenth day of January, Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and thirty foury * in the eighth year of the reign of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, ®^, defender of the faithy &c. being the firft fejfion of this prefentparlia-

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, Cyder and pprry, in that part of Great Britain called England j and for granting to his Ma-jeity certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five. E X P.

CAP. II.

An act to puniih mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army apd their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aft for repairing the roads from the town of Manchefter, leading through Newton, Failfworth and Oldham, in the pounty palatine of" Lancafter, to Aufterlands in the parifh of Saddleworth, in the county of York.	.

The tolls are to continue from i May, 1735, for 21 years. Farther continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 15.

C AP. IV.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to make and fubferibe the declarations contaiaed in the aft of uniformity of the thirteenth and

fourtjeeijth



*735*3 Anno odtavo Georgii II. c. 5, 6.	489

! fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, within the time limited? by law 5 and for allowing further time for doing thereof EXP.

:	cap,	v.

An adj for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a<5t made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign ot her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An.aft jar repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittenfor and the mofi northern part of 'Talk on the Hill in Butt Lanet in the county of Stafford,

The former aft is further continued for n years. Farther continued by *5 Geo,

a, c. 16,

CAP. VI,

An aft for the publick regiftring of all deeds> conveyances, willsi and other incumbrancesr that jhall be made ofy or that may aft'eft, any honorsy manors, landsy tenementsy or hereditaments, within the North Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix,

WHEREAS tbelands in the North Riding of the county ?/preambic York are generally freehold, which may be fo fecreily tram-ferred or conveyed from one p erf on to anothery and incumberedy that fuch perfons as,are ill difpofed have it in their power to commit frauds, and; frequently do foy by means whereof feveral perfons, who through , many years indufiry in their trades and employmentsy and by great frugality , have been enabled to purchafe landsy or lend money on land fe-curity, have been undone in their pur chafes and mortgages by prior and fecret conveyances and fraudulent incumbrances, and not only them-felvesf but their whole families thereby utterly ruined: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your mod excellentMajefty (at the humble requeft of the juftices of the peace, gentlemen, and freeholders of the faid North Riding) that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with .the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That a memorial of all deeds and convey- ^ ame**# ances, which from and after the twenty ninth day of September y moriafoTall .which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hun- deeds, con-dred and thirty fix, fhall be made and executed, and of all wills veyances, and devifes in writing made or to be made, and publifhed, the divifor or teftatrix (hall die after the faid twenty ninth daytoberegfftredl of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, and of all judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances (other than fuch as fhall be entered in the name and upon the proper account of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors) which (hall be obtained or entered into after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, of or concerning, or whereby any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in the faid North Riding, may be any way affeded in lawor ^all be a<& or equity, may be regiftered in fuch manner as is herein after judged frau-'dirededj and that every fuch deed or conveyance, judgment, dulent.

ftajute,



Anno odtavo Georgii II. C. 6.	[1755.

ftatute, or recognizance, that (hall at any time after the faid twenty ninth day of September^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, be made and executed, obtained, or entered into, fhall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfequent pur-chafer or mortgagee, plaintiff or cognifee, for or upon valuable confideration, unlefs fuch memorial thereof be regiftered, as by this act is directed, before the regiftring of the memorial of the deed or conveyance,, judgment, ftatute or recognizance, under which fuch fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee, plaintiff, or cognifee, fhall claim; and that every fuch devife by will fhall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee, plaintiff or cognifee, for or upon valuable confideration, unlefs a memorial of fuch will be regiftered in fuch manner as is herein after direded.

II.	And for the better fettling and eftablifhing a certain method, with proper rules and diredions, for regiftering fuch memorials as aforefaid ; Be it further enaded by the authority a-forefaid. That one publick office for regiftring fuch memorials of and concerning any honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, that are fituate, lying, and being within the faid North Riding, fhall be ereded and eftablifhed at fuch market town, as the juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, affembled at their general quarter feffions in and for the faid North Riding, which fhall be held at Northallerton, on the feven-teenth day of July., one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, fhall agree and adjudge to be the neareft market town to the center or middle of the faid North Ridings to be managed and executed by a fit and able perfon to be, from time to time, e-deded and appointed in manner herein after direded, or his fuf-ficient deputy, and to continue in the faid office for fo long time as he (hall well demean himfelf therein.

III.	Provided and be it further enaded. That the cofts of this ad, and charges of procuring and paffing of this, ad of parlia-thefaid'of^ ment> an^ *n ere&ing and eftablifhing of the faid publick regi-fice, how to be fter office, fhall be at the publick charge of the faid North Rid-

How and where the place of regifter office fnali be appointed.

The charges

•paid.

The form of eJeding the regifter.

ing ; which cofts. Charges, and expences, fhall be raifed by the juftices of the peace of the faid North Riding at their general quarter feffions of the peace, in fuch manner as they are im-powered to raife money for repairs of publick or county bridges.

IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all eledions of a regifter to be made or appointed by virtue of this ad, fhall be performed by ballotting in manner following *, that is to fay, all the freeholders of the age of one and twenty years, that at the time of any fuch eledion have an eftate of freehold of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the faid North Riding, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, to be determined by the oath of the eledor, or fo-lemn affirmation of fuch eledor being of the perfuafion of the people called Quakers, before the ferutators herein after mentioned, if any doubt arife touching the fame (which oath and folemn affirmation they are hereby impowered to adminifter)

'	.	(hall

' 

1735.] Annoo<£tavo Gbq&gii II. c. 6.	491

fhall be ele£lors of the faid regifler $ and that the juftices of the peace for the faid North Ridings in that behalf aflembled, or the major part of them, or any five of fuch juftices to be appointed by fuch major part, fhall be ferutators of the ballot ; who fhall meet on the day and place of ele&ion, and, there, in the pre-fence of the eledlors, fhall place one or more glafs veflel or vef-fels, to be provided for that purpofe, into which each elector prefent fhall put one open paper, containing the name of fuch perfon as he approves of to be regifler; which papers fhall be taken out again in the prefence of the faid ferutators, by a perfon by them in that behalf appointed ; and the name or names of every perfon therein fhall be once tranferibed in diflintft columns, and under each name fhall be fet down the number of their eledlors, which fhall be deliberately call up by the faid ferutators, and the fame fhall be read over in the hearing, and fixed up in the view, of the eledlors then prefent; and the perfon upon whom the majority (hall fall fhall be declared regifler*

V.	And be it further enacted, That the election of the per- The time and fon to be the firfl regifler fhall be made at Northallerton afore- place of choof-faid, upon the eighteenth day of July^ one thousand feven hun- ing the firfl dred and thirty five, in open court, between the hours of eight reSlfter*

in the morning and fix in the afternoon.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The That when and as often as the faid office fhall become vacant by futuere re! the death, forfeiture, or furrender of any fuch regifler, the ju- gifters. ftices of the peace for the faid North Riding, aflembled at the

general quarter feffions of the peace next after fuch vacancy fhall happen, or the major part of then}, fhall in open court declare the faid vacancy ; and by order of the fame feffions fhall appoint and prefix a certain day and time within the fpace of one calendar month, and not lefs than three weeks, enfuing the end of fuch general quarter feffions, for the eledtors to affemble at fuch place where the office fhall be eredled as aforefaid, to choofe a fit and able perfon in the manner aforefaid, to fupply the faid vacancy; and that all perfons qualified to be eledlors may have due notice of fuch vacancy, and time of election of a fucceeding regifler, the clerk of the peace for the time being for the faid North Riding fhall forthwith caufe copies of fuch order, for the prefixing the time of fuch eledlion, to be delivered to the refpedlive chief conftables of the feveral wapentakes within the faid North Riding, who fhall, and are hereby required to publifh the fame in full market, in every market town within their refpedlive wapentakes, on the next market day after the receipt thereof, ~ and to affix the fame in the mod publick place of refort there.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That every fuch regifler, before he enter upon the execution of the faid office, fhall be fworn before the juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any three or more of them, that fhall be prefent at his election, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath in the words following :

”	You



492

The regifter’s oath.

Anno oftavo Georgii II. e.:£>.

Ims.

Regift er's deputy to take the oath.

How the office* of regifter is to be executed, during a vacancy.

Penalty on mifdemeanor of the perfon a6ling during inch vacancy.

The method of regiftring.

$ic \n recordo.

YOU jhall truly and faithfully^ perform and execute the office and duty that is dire died and required by you to be done by aft of parliament, intituled. An a61 for the publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, that (hall be made of, cr that may affedl, any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,within the North Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix; and that you have not given or pro-mifed, direftly or indireftly, nor authorized any perfon to give or pro-> wife any money, gratuity, or reward whatsoever, for procuring or obtaining the faid office for you.

So help you God.

VIII. And that when and as often as the faid regifter (hall appoint any deputy to execute the faid office, fuch deputy fhall^ before he enter upon thq execution thereof, take the faid oath appointed to be taken by the faid regifter, before two or more of the juftices of the peace for the faid riding, who are hereby impowered and required toadminifter fuch oath.

IX. And be it further enaefted. That upon the death of any fuch regifter, and until another election of a fit perfon to execute that office (hall be made in the manner aforefaid, the executors and adminiftrators of the regifter deceafed, together with the fureties for the faid regifter, or their executors and admini-ftrators, (hall appoint a proper perfon to execute the office of regifter, for whofe demeanor in the execution of the faid office* the fecurjty given for fuch regifter deceafed (hall be anfwerable.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That the perfon to be appointed as aforefaid, upon the death of any regifter, to execute the faid office during the time the fame (hall be vacant as aforefaid, (hall, before he enter upon the execution thereof, take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by fuch regifter and his deputy, before two or more juftices of the peace for the faid riding (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame oath) and that if fuch perfon fo appointed (hall be lawfully convidled of any negledl, mifdemeanor, or fraudulent pradtice, in the exe^ cution of the faid office, during fuch vacancy he (hall be liable to pay treble damages, with full cofts of fuit, to every perfon that (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered as is herein after directed.

■ XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every memorial of deeds, conveyances, and wills, fo to be entred and regiftred, (ball be put into writing in vellum or parchment, and brought to the laid office, and, in cafe of deeds and conveyances, (hall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the grantors, or fome or one of the grantees, his, her, or their, heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, guardians, or tru-ftees, attefted by two witnefles to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance, which witnefs (hall upon his oath, or being a Quaker op his fol^mn affirmation, before the fajd regifter or his

' de*



1735*1 Anno odavo Georgh II. c.6.	493

deputy, prove the figning.and fealing of fuch memorial, and the execution of the deed or conveyance mentioned in fuch memorial (or elfe the perfon fo figning and fealing the fame memorial as aforefaid, or one of. them, (hall, before the faid regifter or his deputy, acknowledge his or their figning and fealing of the faid memorial, and the execution of the deed or conveyance mentioned in fuch memorials) and in cafe of wills, the memorial fhall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the de-vifees, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, guardians, or truftees, attefted by two witnefles, one whereof fhall, upon his oath, or being a Quaker on his folemn affirmation, before the faid regifter or his deputy, prove the figning and fealing of fuch memorial, or the fame (hall be acknowledged in like manner before the faid regifter or his deputy, by the perfons fo figning and fealing the fame memorial as aforefaid, or one of them (which refpedlive oaths and affirmations the faid regifter or his deputy is hereby impowered to adminifter) and the faid regifter or his deputy is hereby alfo impowered to take the faid refpedtive acknowledgments as aforefaid, and fhall enter a memorandum of the taking the fame refpedlively upon the faid refpedtive memorials, with the time when the fame was fo taken; and the faid memorandum fhall be figned by the faid regifter or his deputy, and alfo by the party fo acknowledging the fame refpec-tively.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every memorial of any The contents deed, conveyance, or will, (hall contain the day of the month of the memo-and the year when fuch deed, conveyance, or will bears date, rV*l8 be re~ and the names and additions of all the parties to fuch deed or conveyance, and of the devifor or teftatrix of fuch will, and of all the witneftes to fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the places of their abode, and fliall exprefs or mention the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, contained in fuch -deed, conveyance, or will, and the names of all the parifhes, townlhips, hamlets, precin<5ts, or extraparochial places, within the faid North Ridings where any fuch honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devifed, or any way affe&ed or charged by any fuch deed, conveyance, or will, in fuch manner as the fame are exprefled or mentioned in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, or to the fame effect; and that every fuch deed, conveyance and will, or probate of the fame, of which fuch memorial is fo to be regiftred, as aforefaid, fhall be produced to the faid regifter or his deputy at the time of entring fuch memorial, who (hall indorfe a certificate on every fuch deed, conveyance, and will, The certid* or probate thereof, and therein mention the certain day, hour and cate of regi-time, on which fuch memorial is fo entred or regiftred, exprefs-ing alfo in what book, page, and number, the fame is entred, and that the faid regifter or his deputy fhall fign the faid certificate fo indorfed (which certificate fhall be taken and allowed as evidence of fuch refpe&ive regiftries in all courts of record what-foever) and that every page of fuch regifter books, and that every

me-



494	Annd	om\to GEoRGII Ih c.€■:	tl73S*

memorial that (hall be entred therein, fhall be numbred, and the day of the month, and the year, and the hotir or time of the day, when every memorial is regiftred, fhall be entred in the margin of the faid regifter books, and of the faid memorial; and that every fuch regifter (hall keep an alphabetical kalendar of all pariffies, extraparochial places, and townfhips, within the faid Ndrtb Ridings with reference to the number of every memorial that concerns the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in every fuch parifti, extraparochial place, or townfhip refpedively, and of the names of the parties mentioned in fudi memorials.

On what con- XIIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, dition fuch	That a memorial of fuch deeds, conveyances, and wills, as

certificate	(hall be made and executed in any place not within forty miles

ftall be grant- 0f the faid publick regifter office, which do or may concern of e *	affed any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

in the faid North Riding, (hall be entred or regiftred by the aforefaid regifter or his deputy, in cafe an affidavit fworn, or a folemn affirmation of a perfbn of the perfuafion of the people called Quakers made in writing, before one of the judges at Weftmin-Jler, or a mafter in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with the faid memorial to the faid regifter, or his deputy, wherein one of the witneffes to the execution of fuch deeds and conveyances fhall fwear, or being a Quaker (hall affirm, that he or (he law the fame executed, and the memorial figned and fealed as aforefaid, or wherein one of the witneffes to the memorial of any will fhall fwear, or being a Quaker (hall affirm, that he or (he faw fuch memorial figned and lealed as aforefaid; and the fame (hall be a fufficient authority to the faid regifter, or his deputy, to give the party that brings fuch memorial and affidavit, or affirmation, a certificate of the regiftring fuch memorial, which certificate figned by the faid regifter, or his deputy, (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftries of the fame memorials, in all courts of record whatfoever; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof contained in any wife notwithftanding.

In cafe of fe XIV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That where there veral writings, are more writings than one for making and perfeding any con-tbe particulars veyance or fecurity, which do name, mention, or any ways af-may be only fed or concern the fame honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it (hall be a fufficient memorial and regifter thereof, if all the fame manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the parifhes, townffiips, hamlets or extraparochial places, wherein the fame lie, be only once named or mentioned in the memorial, regifter, and certificate of any one of the deeds or writings made for the perfeding of fuch conveyance or fecurity; and the dates of the reft of the faid deeds or writings relating to the faid conveyance or fecurity, with the names and additions of the parties and witneffes, and the places of their abodes, be only fet down in the memorials, regifters, and certificates of the fame, with a reference to the deed or writing

where-

mentioned once.



1735-] Anno o&avo Georgii II.	6.	4^5

whereof the memorial is fo regiftred, that contains or expreffes the parcels mentioned in all the faid deeds, and directions how to find the regiftring the fame.

XV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaCted, That all me- . . f morials of wills, that fhall be regiftred in manner as aforefaid, ^jft™°ria S ° within the fpace of fix months after the death of every refpec-

tive devifor or teftatrix dying within the kingdom of Great Bri-tain, or within the fpace of three years after the death of every refpeCtive devifor or teftatrix, dying upon or in any parts beyond the feas, fhall be as valid and effectual againft fubfequent pur-chafers, judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances, as if the fame had been regiftred immediately after the death of fuch refpeCtive devifor or teftatrix, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	Provided always. That in cafe the devifee, or perfon Wjjjs conteft-or perfons interefted in the honors, manors, lands, tenements, e(j#

or hereditaments, devifed by any fuch will, as aforefaid, by reafon of the contefting fuch will, or other inevitable difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful negleCt or default, fhall be dif-abled to exhibit a memorial for the regiftry thereof within the refpeCtive times herein before limited, and that a memorial fhall be entred in the faid office, of fuch conteft or impediment, within the fpace of fix months after the deceafe of fuch devifor or teftatrix, who fhall die within the kingdom of Great Britain, or within the fpace of three years next after the deceafe of fuch perfon, who fhall die upon or beyond the feas, then, and in fuch cafe, the regiftry of the memorial of fuch will within the fpace of fix months next after his, her, or their attainment of fuch will, or a probate thereof, or removal of the impediment whereby he, fhe, or they arc difabled or hindred to exhibit fuch memorial, fhall be a fufficient regiftry within the meaning of this aCt, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That in cafe of any conceal- Concealment ment or fupprefiion of any will or devife, no purchaser or pur- of wills, chafers, for valuable confideration, (hall be defeated or disturbed in his or their purchafe, nor any plaintiff in any judgment,

or cognifee of any ftatute or recognizance, fhall be defeated of his or their debts, by any title made or devifed by fuch will, un-lefs the will be actually regiftred within three years after the death of the devifor or teftatrix.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Memorials of That all and every memorials of judgments, ftatutes, and re- judgments, cognizances, fo to be entred and regiftred at the faid regifter office as aforefaid, fhall bC in writing, and exprefs and contain,

in cafe of fuch judgment, the names of the plaintiffs, and the names and additions therein of the defendants, the fums thereby recovered, and the time of the figning thereof; and in cafe ftatutes and of ftatutes and recognizances, the date of fuch ftatute or recog- recognizances, nizance, the names and additions of the cognifors and cognifees therein, and for what fums, and before whom the fame were

ac-



496	Anno	oftavo	Georgii II. C. 6, t1735*

acknowledged; and that in order to the making an entry of fuch memorials of judgments, ftatutes., and recognizances,, as afore-faid, the party and parties defiring the fame {hall produce to, and leave with, the faid regifter or his deputy, to be filed in the faid publick or regifter office, a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, figned by the proper officer or his deputy, who {hall fign fuch judgment, or his fucceffor in the fame office, or by the proper officer in whofe office fuch ftatute or recognizance lhall be inrolled, together with ah affidavit fworn, or folemn affirmation in writing of a perfon of the perfuafion of the people called Quakers, made before one of the judges at IVeJlminjler, or am after in chancery, that fuch memorial was duly figned by the officer, whofe name ilia'll appear to be thereunto fet 3 which memorial fuch refpecftive officer is hereby re-quired to give fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, cognifee or cognifees, or .his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, or attorney, or any of them, he, (he, or they paying for the fame one (hilling, and no more;

Method of XIX. And be it further enadled. That the faid regifter, or regiftring, h*s deputy, fhall make an entry, and likewife (if required) (hall give a certificate in writing under his hand, teftified by two credible witneffes, of every fuch memorial of any judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, brought to him to be fo regiftred, as aforefaid ; and in fuch book whefein fuch memorial fhall be en-tred, and alfo in fuch certificate to be fo given, fhall mention the certain day and hour, or time of that day, on which fuch memorial is fo regiftred or entred; and in fuch certificate fhall mention in what book, page and number, the fame memorial is entred.

XX.	And be it further ena£ted, That fuch regifter fhall duly *nd filing. file every fuch memorial of deeds, conveyances, wills, judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances, in order of time, as the fame (hall be brought to the faid regifter office, and fhall enter or regifter the fame memorials in the fame order that they (hall refpecftively come to his hands, ke ‘tal of the XXI. And whereas, by an aft of parliament made in the twenty aft* 7 H. 8. feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For c. 16.	inrolments of bargains and fales, it is enafted, That no manors,

lands, tenements or other hereditaments, Jhall pafs, alter, or change from one to another, whereby any ejlate of inheritance or freehold Jhall be made, or take ejfeft, in any perfon or perfons, or any ufe thereof to be made, by reajon only of any bargain and fale thereof; except the faid bargain and fale be made by writing, indented, fealed, and inrolled in one of the King’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties where the fame manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo bargained and fold lie, or before the Cuftos Rotulorum, and two juflices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame county or counties, or tivo of them at the leajf whereof the clerk of the peace to be one; which aft hath been found by experience to be of little or no uj'e within the faid North Riding, for that the clerk of the peace thereof for the time being, who hath



1735.] Anno oftavo Georgii.1I/ c.6.	497

the keeping of the Jaid inrolments within the faid North Riding* n not by the•	/V aft injoihed to give my fecurity fof the fafe keeping,

jw any penalty for the negligent keeping of the faid inrolments, nor is any place by the faid aft appointed for keeping thereof: and zvhereas by this pr 'efent *aft a publick office is intended to be erefted and ejiablijhed, as a fore faid, at the publick charge of the faid North Riding, for regijlring and fafe keeping memorials of all deeds and conveyances, as afore faid, and a publick regifter to be chofen, ivho, according to the directions herein after mentioned, is to give fufficient fecurity for the due execution of the faid office', for rendring there- Bargains and fore the faid abt made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Tales of lands King Henry the Eighth more effectual and beneficial to the in- inroiled by the habitants of the faid North Riding, be it further enabled by the aTeffeSuaTas authority afore faid, That from and after the twenty ninth day if inroIled ac-of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven bun- cording to the. dred and thirty fix, all bargains and Tales of any manors, lands, ^ a<^« tenements, and hereditaments, fituate, lying, and being within the faid North Riding, which (hall be inroiled by the faid regifter or his deputy for the time being, in the faid publick office, lha.ll be as good, effectual, and available to all intents and pur-, pofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been inroiled in one of the.

King’s courts of record at JVeflminJler, or before the Cufos Ro-tulorum, and two juftices of the peace and the clerk of the peace for the faid North Riding, or two of them, according to the aforefaid abt made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of King Henry the,

Eighth, or any other abf now in force; and one or more juftice or juftices ofthepeaceof thefaid riding, forthe time being, fhall have power to take and enter the acknowledgment of the bargainer* if but one, or of one of the bargainers, if more, in fuch bargains and Tales; and the faid regifter or his deputy for the time being, (hall well and fufficiently inroll, by ingroffing in parchment books, all fuch bargains and Tales as (hall for that purpose be acknowledged as aforefaid, and fhall indorfe a certificate oa fuch bargains and Tales of the-times of inrolling thereof and fign the fame, and the books thereof (hall fafely keep in the faid publick office, there to remain upon record amongft the memorials of deeds there regiftred. And be it further enabled, That all The copies of deeds of bargain and fale fo inroiled in the faid publick or regi- deeds fo in-fter office, as aforefaid, which fhall appear to be fo inroiled "by an indorfement or certificate on the faid deeds of bargain and fale,

(igned by the faid regifter, or his deputy, and all copies of the inrolments thereof remaining on record in the faid regifter office, fhall be allowed in all courts, where fuch bargains and Tales, or copies, (hall be produced, to be as good and fufficient evidence, as any bargains and Tales inroiled in any of the courts, at Weft* minfler, and the copies of the inrolments thereof.

XXII.	And zvhereas deeds have been often defroyed by fire and ether accidents-, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. The regiftring That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one of writing* thousand feven hundred and thirty ftx, any perfon or perfons *allleus • having or claiming title to any honors, manors, lands, tene-VQL. XVI.	K k	meats,



49s	Anno oftavo Georgii II. c.6.	[1735.

meats, or hereditaments, in the faid North Riding, may regifter, at full length, in the faid regifter office, all and every, or any the deeds, writings, wills, or conveyances, by or under which fuch title fhall be claimed, and which fhall be made and executed, or ftgned and published, and in cafe of wills where the devifor or teftatrix fhall die, after the faid twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix ; and the faid regifter, or his deputy, is hereby authorized to enter and inroll all fuch deeds, writings, wills, and conveyances, as fhall be fo brought to be regiftred, at full length, by ingroffing them in parchment books; and the faid regifter, or his deputy, fhall, in the margin of every fuch entry and inrolment, mention the time of fuch entry, and inrol-meat, and fhall indorfe and fign a certificate on fuch deed, conveyance, or will, in manner as is by this a£t dire&ed, where a memorial is entred, and fhall fafely keep all and every the books, wherein fuch entries and inrolments fhall be made, in the faid publick office, there to remain upon record, and all copies of fuch entries and inrolments of fuch deeds, writings, wills, and conveyances, fo regiftred at full length, and which copies fhall be ftgned by the faid regifter, or his deputy, and attefted by two or more witnefles, fhall be allowed in all courts of record, to be good and fufficient evidence of fuch deeds, writings, wills, or conveyances fo regiftred, and deftroyed by fire or other accident.

XXIII.	And be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That at the time any deed, conveyance, or will, made and executed, or ftgned and publifhed, after the twenty ninth day of September^ one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, fhall be brought to the faid regifter’s office to be regiftred or inrolled at full length, one of the witnefles to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance, or to the figning and publifhing fuch will, fhall makd oath, or being one of the people called Quakers take his folemn affirmation, before the faid regifter, or his deputy, that fuch deed or conveyance was duly executed by the grantor or grantors, or that fuch will was ftgned and publifhed by the devifor or teftatrix, which refpecftive oaths and affirmations the faid regifter, or his deputy, is required and impowered to adminifter.

XXIV.	Provided always, That fuch deeds, conveyances, 40 miles from and wills, as fhall be made and executed in any place, not with-thefaid office, in forty miles of the faid office, may be entred and regiftred at

full length, by the aforefaid regifter, or his deputy, in cafe an affidavit fworn, or a folemn affirmation of a perfon of the per-fuafion of the people called ppuakers, made in writing, before one of the judges at Wejhninjler, or a mafter in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with fuch deed, conveyance,' or will, wherein one of the witnefles to the execution of fuch •deed or conveyance, or to the figning or publifhing fuch will, fhall fwear or affirm, That he or (he faw the faid deeds executed, or, in cafe of wills, fuch will ftgned and publifhed by the devifor or teftatrix.

XXV* And be it further enabled. That eyery fuch inrolment

of

What tefti-mony necef-fary before inrolment,

and what, if



I>735-] Anno oftavo-GfioRGii II. c.6.	499

of every fuch deed of bargain and fale, and regiftry at full length, jnro]mon(:s at of fuch deeds, writings, conveyances, and wills in the faid re- fu>j ierTath to gifter office, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be be deemed the the entry of a memorial thereof, purfuant to this adt, and fliall entry of a have the fame force and effedl upon the eft ate therein mentioned, memorial, in relation to all fubfequent deeds, conveyances, and wills, and to all other intents and purposes, as if a memorial of fuch in-rolled deed or deeds, writing, conveyance, or will, fo regiftred at full length, had been entred in the faid regifter office as aforefaid, purfuant to the faid adt, and the certificate figned and in-dorfed on fuch deeds of bargain and fale fo inrolled, or on fuch deeds, conveyances-^pr wills regiftred at full length, fhall be taken and allowed arevidence of fuch inrolments or regiftries in all courts of record whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch regifter Regifter^ fhall be allowed for the entry of every fuch memorial, as isdby fees> this a£t directed, the fum of one (hilling, and no more, in cafe

the fame do not exceed two hundred words; but if fuch memo-* rial (hall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of four pence an hundred for all the words contained in fuch memorial over and above the firft two hundred words; and the like fees for the like number of words contained in every fuch bargain and fale inrolled, and deeds, writings, conveyances, and wills regiftred at full length, as aforefaid, and in every certificate or copy given out of the faid office, and no more; and for every learch in the faid office, one (hilling, and no more.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- and atten{^ faid, That every fbch regifter, or his fufficient deputy, fhall give ance.

due attendance at his office every day in the week except Sundays and holidays, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and the hours of two and five in the afternoon, for the difpatch of all bufmefs belonging to the faid office, and that every fuch regifter, or his deputy, as often as required, (hall make fearches concerning all memorials that are regiftred, deeds of bargain and fale inrolled, and deeds, writings, conveyances, and wills fo regiftred at full length as aforefaid, and give certificates concerning the fame under his hand, if required by any perfon, te'ftified by two credible witnefies.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Regifter to faid, That every regifter, at the time of his being fworn into give 2000I. the faid office as aforefaid, (hall enter into a recognizance with fecurity. two or more fufficient fureties, to be approved of by five or more

of the juftices of the peace of the faid riding, that were prefent at his election, by writing under their hands and feals, to be regiftred at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid riding, of the penalty of two thousand pounds, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to be taken by the fame juftices of the peace that approved of his fecurity, conditioned for his true and faithful performance of liis duty in the execution of his faid office, in all things diredted and required by this adl, the

K k 2	fame



Penalty on regiller tor negled of duty.

Register's fe-

Anno oflavoGEORGii II. c. 6.	[*735*

fame to be tranfmitted by the fame juftices of the peace, within one month next after the date thereof, into the office of his Ma-jetty’s remembrancer of the exchequer, there to remain amongft the records of the faid court.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any fuch regifter, or his deputy, (hall neglect to perform his or their duty in the execution or the faid office, according to the rules and directions in this a <51 mentioned, or commit or fuffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent practice in execution of the faid office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then fuch regifter (hall forfeit his faid office, and pay treble damages with full cotts of fuit, to every fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, jJfcint, or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law fhall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XXX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted by the cunty when to authority aforefaid, That when any regifter-(hall die, or fur-be vacated, render his office, and there fhall within the fpace of three years

from and after fuch death or furrender, no' mifbehaviour appear to have been committed by fuch regifter in the execution of his faid office, then and in fuch cafe, at the end of the faid three years after his death or furrender, the faid recognizance fo entred into by him, (ball become void and of none effect, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time forge or counterfeit any entry of the acknowledgment of any bargainer in fuch bargain and fale as a-forefaid, or any fuch memorial, certificate, or indorfement, as is herein mentioned or directed, and be thereof lawfully convicted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to fuch pains and penalties as in and by an act made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a 61 againft forgery of falfe deeds and writings, are impofed upon perfons for forging and publishing falfe deeds, charters, or writings fealed, court rolls or wills, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any perfon or perfons, of, in, or to any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (ball or may be molefted, or charged; and that if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time forfwear himfelf, or, being a Quaker, (hall falfely, malicioufly, and corruptly affirm, before the faid regifter, or his deputy, or before any judge or matter in chancery, in any of the cafes herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convicted, fuch perfon or perfons fhall incur and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the fame oath had been made in any of the courts of record at Wcjiminfter.

Certificates of XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, mortgagesdif- That in cafe of mortgages, judgments, ftatutes, and recogni-charged how zances, whereof memorials (hall be entred in the faid regifter to be regiitred. office, or in cafe of mortgages, where the mortgage deed fhall be regiftred at full length, purfuant to this act, if at any time afterwards a certificate fhafl be brought to the faid regifter, or his

de-

Pen alty on forgery,

and perjury.



1735-3 Anno odftavo Georgii II. c. 6.	$oi

deputy, figned by the mortgagees in fuch mortgage, plaintiffs in fuch judgment, cognifees in fuch ftatqte or recognizance, their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, or afliglis, and attefted by two witnefles, whereby it fhall appear, that all monies due upon fuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance re-fpefilively, have been paid or fatisfied in difcharge thereof (which witnefles (hall upon their oath, before any one of the judges of his  Majesty’s courts of King's Bench, or Common Pleas, or any one of the barons of' the court of Exchequer, or before any one of the matters of the court of Chancery, or before the faid regifter, or his deputy, who are hereby refpedfively impowered to 'adminifter fuch oath, prove fuch monies to be fatisfied or paid accordingly, and that they faw fuch certificate figned by the faid mortgagees, plaintiffs, or cognifees, their refpefitive executors, adminiftrators, or attigns) that then, and in every fuch cafe the faid regifter, or his deputy, fhall make an entry in the margin of the faid regifter books againft the regiftry of the memorial of fuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, or againft: fych deed regiftred at full length refpedively, that fuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpectively, was fatisfied and difcharged according to fuch certificate, tyo which the fame entry fhall refer, and (hall after file fuch certificate to remain upon record, in the faid regifter office.

XXXIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted, That if Judgments, any judgment, ftatute, or recognizance be regiftred in the faid

regifter office, within twenty days after the acknowledgment or Jer^gning^ " figning thereof, all the lands that the defendants or cognifees good? had, at the time of fuch acknowledgment or figning, lhall be bound thereby; and the regiftry of a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, within rhe time aforefaid, fhall be as available to all intents and purposes, as if fuch memorial thereof had been entred in the faid regifter office on the day of the figning or acknowledgment of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena<5ted, That This a<ft not this a6t fhall not extend to any copyhold eftates, or to any leafes to extend to at a rack rent, or to any leafe not exceeding one and twenty

years, where the afitual pofleflion and occupation goeth along e ates> c* with the leafe; any thing in this acft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, j)eeds of bar-That in all deeds of bargain and fale hereafter inrolled in pur- gain and Cals fuanee of this a6t, whereby an eftate of inheritance in fee-fim- of eftates of pie is limited to the bargainee and his heirs, the words, grants

bargain, and fell lhall amount to, and be conftrued and adjudg- covenants^ ed in all courts of judicature to be, exprefs covenants to the bargainee, his heirs, and affigns, from the bargainor, for himfelf, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, that the bargainor, notwithftanding any act done by him, was at the of the execution of fuch deed feized of the hereditaments and prerniftes £her$by granted, bargained, and fold, of an indefeazable eftate

fC k 3	in



502	Anno	oilavo	Georgii	II.	C.	7,8.	[1735.

in fee-fimple, free from all incumbrances (rents and fervices due

to the lord of the fee only excepted) and for quiet enjoyment

thereof againft the bargainor, his heirs and afiigns, and all

claiming under him, and alfo for further affurance thereof to be

made by the bargainor, his heirs and affigns, and all claiming

under him; unlefs the fame fhall be reftrained and limited by

exprefs particular words contained in fuch deed; and that the

bargainee, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns re-

fpectively, fhall and may, in any adlion to be brought, affign a

breach or breaches, thereupon, as they might do in cafe fuch

covenants were exprefly inferted in fuch bargain and fale.

Every leaf of XXXVI. And be it further ena£ted, That every leaf of the

the regifter to aforefaid regifter books, and inrolment books, fhall be figned by

be fjgned by two iuftices 0f the peace of the faid riding (to be from time to q lultices .	^	m	o	\	^

'	9	time appointed by the juftices of the peace thereof, or the major

part of them, at their general quarter feffions of the peace af-fembled) who are hereby required to fign the fame accordingly; and entred by and that an entry thereof fhall be rttade from time to time, by the clerk of the clerk of the peace of the faid riding for the time being, in the order book of the fame feffions, and figned by the fame juftices of the peace that fhall from time to time fign the faid regifter books, and inrolment books, to remain upon record a-mongft the records of the faid feffions; and that a like entry fhall be made upon record, and figned as aforefaid, of the number of the fame books, and how called or marked, and how many pages each of them contains, that are at any time, and from time to time ufed in the faid regifter office.

XXXVII. And be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid, exchided from That no member of parliament for the time being, fhall be being a mem- capable of being chofe regifter, or of executing by himfelf, or ber of par- any other perfon or perfons, the faid office, or to have, take, or Uament. receive any fee or other profit whatsoever iffuing out of the faid office, or for or in refpedt thereof; nor fhall any fuch regifter, or his deputy, or any perfon or perfons receiving profit out of fuch office, be capable of being a member to ferve in parliament. Publick a<5t. XXXVIII. And be lt further enabled. That this a<ft fhall be taken and allowed in all courts in this kingdom as a publick acft, and all judges, juftices, and other perfons therein concerned, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

the peace.

The regifter

CAP. VII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancafter, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackftone Edge, in the fame county, and from thence to the towns of Halifax and Ealand in the county of York. Certain tolls are granted from i June, 1735, for 21 Jears»

CAP. VIII.

An a£t for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a£t palled in the 7 Geo. i.c. 16. fevendPyear of the reigti of his late Majesty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from Saint Giles''s pound to Kdbourn Bridge in the county of Middlefex, and for paving that part of the road, called Oxford

Street



*755-3 Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 9,10.	503

Street. 7he former aft is farther continued for 21 years, and to the end of the next fejfion.

CAP. IX.

An act for continuing and making more effefhial an a ft pafTed in the firft year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled.

An aft for repairing the highways through the federal pari/hes of Saint Michaelf Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlefex; and for continuing the oommiflioners Authorized to put the faid act in execution, ftbe former aft is continued for 21years,' and to the end of the next fejfion. Amended by 10 Geo. 2. c. 24. continued by 24, G<?o. 2. r. iq.

CAP. X,

yf/z 0# /<?r lengthening the weft pier of the harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for improving the faid harbour.

VX/* HEREAS by aft of parliament,	PaJfe& in doe firft preamble re-

. ▼ V year the reign of her late majefly fpueen Anne, intituled, citing the a&s An ad for building and repairing the piers of the town and port 1 Ann* c* I9« of Whitby in the county of York, reciting, Zte the ancient town of Whitby ,\in the north riding of the faid county,time out of mind, had had piers which were then much ruined and decayed, for want of an income for the maintenance and reparation thereof, to the great prejudice of the trade of the faid town and county, and of the trade and navigation of this kingdom in general; and alfo reciting, that the charge of rebuilding and keeping in repair the faid piers was greater than the faid town of Whitby of itfelf ivas able to bear; therefore, by the faid aft feveral duties and fums of money zvere granted and laid upon all Jhips and veffels, and upon certain goods and merchandises, therein particularly mentioned, landed within the haven or piers of the faid port of Whitby, and fhipped off from Whitby afore faid-, and alfo a duty of one farthing per chalder, on all coals loaded at Newcaftle, Sunderland, Blyth, Seaton Sluice, Culler Coates (as therein is alfo mentioned) for the term of nine years, to commence from the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and two, with fuch pjovifions for the due accounting for, and applying the faid duties, and feveral other powers, matters, and things relating thereto, and for keeping clear the faid harbour, in the faid aft particularly mentioned and contained: and whereas by another aft 7 Ann. c. r. of parliament, made and paffed. in the feventh year of her faid Ma- Private. jeftfs reign, the faid recited aft, and all the powers, matters, and claufes contained therein, and all the duties and fums of money thereby granted and made payable, zvere continued and made payable, and to be in full force and virtue until the firft day of May, which fhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty three : and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, 7 Geo. i.c. 16. An ad for the better preferving and keeping in repair the piers of the town and port of Whitby, in the county of York-, and for explaining and making more effectual the feveral ads paffed for lengthening and repairing the piers of BrtdlinQon alias Burlington in the faid county, reciting, amongft other things, that by the faid feveral duties and fums of money already collected, and to he

K k 4	ccU



Anno oftavo Georgii IL c. iiT [1735*

collefted and received, by virtue of the faid feveral afts of parliament^ the faid piers ivould probably be rebuilt, finijhed, and compleat-ed by the jaid firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and twenty three : to the end that the fame, and aljo the faid harboury from and after the expiration of the term granted by thefaid lafl-mentioned aft, frould be preferved., kept, and continued in good repair, by the faid loft in part recited a dr of the Jeventh year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George, all and every the faid duties and fums of money granted and impejed by the faid a St of the firfi year of her faid late Majejly3 and continued by the faid aft of the feventh year of her reign, as oforcj'aid ( faye and except the faid duty of one farthing per cbalder (were made perpetual, and enafted to be paid to 'the truftces therein named, and their fuccejfars for ever, and feveral powers, claufes, and penalties are, by the jaid aft of the feventh year of his faid late Majejly, enafted and provided touching the colleftion, accounting for, and application of the feveral duties thereby perpetuated: and whereas by and with the faid feveral duties and fums of money colie ft ed and received by virtue of the faid feveral afts of parliament, the faid piers have been rebuilt, finijfhed, and complected,, and have been preferved, kept, and continued in good repair; but that never-thelefs, for fome years paf, the entrance into the faid port 0/* Whitby has been rendered very narrow and difficult, by reafan of a bank of fand, which is noiv, and for fome time paf has been, gathering about the head of the weft pier of the faid harbour of Whitby, and will in time, if not prevented, intirely fop and choak up the fame > anj inafmuch as the faid fand bed, and the further increafe thereof, in the judgment of underfunding and experienced per fans, may and can only be remedied and prevented by lengthening and extending the faid wejl pier, and the head thereof, about one hundred yards further into the fea, and by no other means: and whereas the faid duty of one farthing per chalder was not continued by the faid aft of the feventh year of his faid late Majejly,but expired on the faid firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and tzuenty three, and has ever fince totally ceafad, and the [aid duties, fa continued and made perpetual by the faid aft of the feventh year of his faid late Majefiy, have been and are only and barely fufficient to keep the faid piers and harbours in good repair: to the end therefore that the faid piers and harbour may be improved, and made as fecure for colliers and coafting veffels as may be, and for lengthening and extending the faid weft pier, may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled, &c.

The duty of one farthing per chalder, granted by 1 Annas, continued from 3 June, 1735, f°r 31 ytars. The truftees appointed by 7 Geo. 1. to execute this aft. Truftees may appoint perfons to direft the moorings of ihips in the faid harbour. Penalty on matters of velfels neglecting fuch orders.

C A P. XL

An aft for enabling his Majesty to apply the fum oc one million out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five.

Treafury may^iftiie one million for the current year, out of the monies a-jrifing by the finking Fund, before 25 March 1736. but the fur pi us refery-to the future difpofttion of parliament. Claufeof loan. EXP.

CAP.



*735-1 Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 12.	$05

CAP. XII.

An ait for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of lour years; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks and apprentices.

The'dufies on fait farther continued for 4 years, after the expiration of the 7 years granted by the lalt recited ail. Exp .Made perpetual 26 Geo,2. c. 3,

• II. And whereas hy a certain claufe in an aft of parliament paf- A cjauf-e • fed in the firft year of the reign of her late Majefly fipueen Anne, the fait ail intituled, An ait for preventing frauds in the duties upon fait, i Annae, ftaf. and for the better payment of debentures at the cuflom-houfe, Ij^1* ex-it is enafted, That from and after the four and twentieth day of Plainec** June, one thousand feven hundred and tivo, no rock fait whatsoever Jhall he refined or made into white fait in any place or places whatsoever within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed (except fuch places as are or jhall he within ten miles difiance of the refpeftive pit or pits, from whence fuch rock fait jhall he taken, or at fuch places as upon or before the tenth day 0/ May, one thousand feven hundred and two, Jhall have been ufed for the refitting of rock fait) under the pain of forty fhillings for every hufhel of'rock fait that jhall be melted or refined in any houfe, place or places not hy the faid aft allowed for that purpofe, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity: and whereas fome doubts and difputes have ar'tfen, or may hereafter arife, whether the miles mentioned in the faid a ft, are to he computed according totheflatute meafure, or the common efiimation of the refpeftive places or counties, in which the pit or pits, from whe?ice fuch rock fait Jhall he taken, is, are, or Jhall he fituate and being; now, for the clearing, obviating and removing all fuch doubts and difputes, be it enailed and declared by the authority aforefaid.

That the miles therein mentioned fhall be underflood and taken, and are hereby declared to be according to the common efiimation of the refpeirive counties or places, where fuch pit or pits is, are, or fhall happen to be, and not according to the flatute or any other meafure; any thing in the faid ail, or any other ail concerning the duties upon fait, contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

III. And whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign 5Geo.x,c.i$* of his late majefly King George the Firfi, intituled, "An ail for recovering the credit of the Britijh fifhery in foreign parts, and for better fecuring the duties on fait, it is enafted. That the curers of fifb he alloived to import foreign fait for the curing of fijh for exportation without paying any duty to his Majefly (except the cufloms payable upon the importation thereof) fuch foreign fait being (landed and weighed in the prefence of an officer for the duties on fait, and being lodged in a war oh oufe under the lock and key of the faid officer, as well as the proprietor of fuch fait; and fuch foreign fait, fo lodged in the joint cujlody of the officer and proprietor, is to be delivered over, at the beginning of the feveral fijhing feafons, into the



506	Anno	oftavo Georgii II. c. 12.	[1735.

foie cuflody of fucb proprietor,	his agents, upon his or their mak-

ing oath in zvriting before fuch officer in manner and to the effebt therein directed, who, at the end of every fijhing feafon, are there-ly required to make particular accounts of the quantities remaining in their hands, to be immediately locked up in the joint cuflody of the officer and proprietor, or his agents, as aforefaid, <2/7^ to deliver in a particular account in writing, as foon as poffitble, after the end of every fifiring feafon, /<?	office for the duties on fait, 0/" the

quantities of fifh exported,	entered and Jhipped to be exported, 0*

which fuch fait hath been ufed or confumed, which account is to be affirmed by the oath of fuch proprietor or proprietors, his or their a-gent or agents,	/A*	;	<2/2^	whereas	in and by an abl made

% Gco.i. c. 4-. 7/2 /A* eighth year of his late Majefifs reign, intituled, An a6l for taking off the duty upon all fait ufed in the curing of red herrings, and laying a proportionable duty upon all red herrings confumed at home only; and for afeertaining the cuftom an4 excife payable for the fugar houfes m Scotland, and for making an allowance for fait loft in any harbour or river of this realm $ and for the better fecuring the duties on fait delivered in Scotland, it is enabled. That fuch account of the faid quantities of foreigri fait, employed for the ends and purpofes aforefaid, fhall be made and delivered in within three months after the expiration of each year, in manner and under the penalties therein directed: and whereas great frauds have been committed, to the diminution of the revenue, and to the prejudice of the Britifh fait works, by the importation of foreign fall for curing offijh for exportation, without payment of the duties, by perfons of no fortune or credit, who, pretending to be proprietors, have, at the beginning of every fijhing feafon, fuch foreign fait delivered over into their foie cuflody, to be employed in the curing of fifb as aforefaid, but who fell and difpofe of fuch foreign fait j'or inland confumption, and, to avoid being brought to any account, abfeond and withdraw themfelves from the law: to remedy therefore fuch inconveniencies, be it enacted by the au-After 24. June, thority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day lalt not* to be of June> in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred defiveredMfor an^ thirty five, no foreign fait (hall be delivered over from curing fifh for the joint cuftody of the officer and proprietor into the foie cu-exportation, ftody of the proprietor or his agent, for curing fifh for expor-without fecu- fation, except he or they do give lecurity, to the fatisfa&ion of the chief officer of the fait duty in the port where fuch fait fhall be imported, that he or they fhall and will account for the foreign fait fo by him or them to be received, in the terms of, and according to the true intent and meaning of, the faid recited a<ds, made in the fifth and eighth years of his faid late  Majesty’s reign, or (hall anfwer the feveral penalties in the faid ads direded to be recovered from the proprietor offending againft the feveral ads, or either of them.

No fervants IV. And whereas the cujlom which hath prevailed in that part thePfedt*works °f ^reat Britain called Scotland, of paying the fervants at fait in Scotland to works their zvages in fait, hath been the occafion of feveral frauds be paid their and embezilments; for preventing whereof, be it enaded by the



1735O Anno o&avcf Georgii II. c, 13,	507

authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day wages in fait,

of June9 in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred on Penalty

and thirty five, it fhalbnot be lawful for any proprietor, or20

other perfon taking charge of any fait work within Scotland,

to pay the wages of any fervants employed by them in fuch

fait works, in fait; and if after the faid twenty fourth day of

June, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and

thirty five, any proprietor or other perfon taking charge of

any fait work in Scotland, fhall prefume to pay the wages of

any fervant or fervants employed by him or them, in fait, the

perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence,

forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in a fum-

mary way, upon complaint made before any two or more of

his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the county within which

fuch fait works do lie, by any perfon or perfons who fhall fue

for the fame; provided fuch penalties be fued for within three

months next after the offence committed.

tlaufe ofloan for 500,000 b at 4 per cent. Treafury within ten days after 29 Sept. 1746, to take an account of the money raifed, See. Deficiencies to be fupplied out of the next aids to be granted after 29 Sept. 1746, or finking fund, and be replaced. Surplus referved for the difpofition of parliament. Claufe of relief concerning apprentices.

-'j

CAP. XIII.

An a£i\ for the encouragement of the arts of dejigning, engravings and etching hijlorical and other prints, by vejl-ing the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned.	^ y	,

6	#	#	Le.: :><?- //J&o: J. *7-7

WHEREAS divers perfons have hy their own genius, in- preamble.

dujlryy painsy and expence, invented and engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto, or Chiaro Ofcuro, fets of hijlorical and other printsy in hopes to have reaped the foie benefit of their labours: and whereas' print-fellers and other perfons have of late, zvithout the confent of the inventors, defigners, and proprietors of fuch printSy frequently taken the liberty of copying, engraving, and publijbing, or caufing to be copied, engraved, and publijhed, bafe copies of fuch works, defignSy and prints, to the very great prejudice and detriment of the inventors, defigners, and proprietors thereof; for remedy thereof, and for preventing fuch practices for the future, may it pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enadted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth After 24 June, day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thou- J735> the pro-fand feven hundred and thirty five, every perfon who fhall in- J^Vand other vent and defign, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or prjnts veiled Chiaro Ofcuro, or, from his own works and invention, fhall m the inventor caufe to be defigned and engraved, etched, or worked in Mez- f°r H years. zotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, any hiftorical or other print or prints,

fhall



Anno o&avo Georgii II. C. ig. [i 735.

{hall have the foie right and liberty of printing and reprinting the fame for the term of fourteen years, to commence from Proprietor’s the day of the firft publrfhing thereof, which fhall be truly n^me to be engraved with the name of the proprietor on each plate, and print t0 £aCh Printed on every fuch print or prints; and that if any print-Penalty on feller, or other perfon whatsoever, from and after the faid print-(eUersor twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and others pirat- thirty five, within the time limited by this act, (hall engrave, etch, or work, as aforefaid, or in any other manner copy and fell, or caufe to be engraved, etched, or copied and fold, in the whole or in part, by varying, adding to,, or diminifhing

ing the fame.

JL$ (bn*, cj : 2-3 Ji■

from, the main defign, or (hall print, reprint, or import for fale, or caufe to be printed, reprinted, or imported for fale, any fuch print or prints, or any parts thereof, without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof firft had and obtained in writing, figned by him or them refpectively in the prefence of two or more credible witneifes, or, knowing the fame to be fo. .printed or reprinted without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors, (hall publifh, fell, or expofe fo fale, or otherwife, or in any other manner dilpofe of, or caufe to be published, fold, or expofed to fale, or otherwife, or in any o-ther manner difpofed of, any fuch print or prints without fuch confent firft had and obtained, as aforefaid, then fuch offender or offenders (hall forfeit the plate or plates on which fuch print or prints are or (hall be copied, and all and every (heet or lheets (being part of, or whereon fuch print or prints are or fhall be fo copied or printed) to the proprietor or proprietors of fuch original print or prints, who (hall forthwith deftroy aqd damask the fame; and further, that every fuch offender or offenders (hall forfeit five drillings for every print which fhall be found in his, her, or their cuftody, either printed or publilhed, and expofed to fale, or otherwife difpofed of, con4 trary to the true intent and meaning of this-a<51; the one moiety thereof to the King's mod excellent majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to any perfon or per^ fons that (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninfter, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Not to extend II. Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be lawful for to purchasers any perfotl 0r perfons, who (hall hereafter purchafe any plate or th/oriVinal11 P^ates f°r printing, ^rom the original proprietors thereof, to print proprietors, and reprint from the faid plates, without incurring any of the penalties in this act mentioned.

Limitation of* III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any action or fuit fhall be commenced or brought a-gainft any perfon or perfons whatsoever for doing or caufing to be done any thing in purfuance of this act, the fame (hall be brought within the fpace of three months after fo doing; and the defendant and defendants in fuch action or fuit (h^ll or may

pleac}

a&ions.



1735-] Anno o£Uvo Georgii II. c. 14*	509

plead the general iffue, and give the lpecial matter in evidence; Generaliflire. and if upon fuch ablion or fuit a verdict (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their ablion or actions, then the defendant or defendants (hall have and recover full cods, for the recovery whereof he (hall have the fame remedy as any other defendant or defendants in any other cafe hath or have by law.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any ablion or fuit fhall be commenced or brought againft any perfon or perfons for any offence committed againft this a6l, the fame (hall be brought within the fpace of three months after the difcovery of every fuch offence, and not afterwards; any thing in this a<51 contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas John Pine of London, engraver, doth propofe Clauferelat-to engrave and publifh a fet of prints copied from feveral pieces ofing to J.Pine. tapeftry in the houfe of lords, and his Majesty s ivardrobe, and other drawings relating to the Spanifh invafion, in the year of our Lord

me thousand five hundred and eighty eight; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid John Pine (hall be in-titled to the benefit of this a<51, to ail intents and purpofes what-foever, in the fame manner as if the faid John Pine had been the inventor and defigner of the faid prints.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Pubiick That this abl (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pubiick abl, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflices, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for prolonging the time for claiming the fortunate tickets in the Charitable Corporation lottery, and for making provijion for tickets in the faid lottery loft, burnt y or otherwife deftroyed.

WHERE A S by an aft made made and pajfed in the feventb Preamble, re-year 'of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An abl citing yGeo.*, for the application and difpofal of the refidue of the money c*lI# raifed by way of lottery, on the credit of an abl made in the lad feffion of parliament, for relief of fuch fufferers in the Charitable Corporation as are objebls of companion, according to the defcriptions therein mentioned, Mark Frecker, Robert Manning, William Wahnefley, Claudius de Vins, Henry Harris, Charles Fenn, Francis Gafhry, Richard Graham, John Burman, and Jofeph Wight, ten of the managers and dir eftor $ of the faid lottery, were authorized and appointed to exchange the fortunate tickets for certificates, and do all other afts, matters, and things, which in and by the faid former aft were direfted and appointed to be done, executed, and performed by the faid managers ajld dir eft or s7 fubfequent to the drawing of the faid lottery; and the

pro*

a



Anno oftavo GeoRGH 1L C. 15.	[1735^

proprietors of the fortunate tickets to be drawn in the faid lottery were required to apply to the faid ten managers fo appointed as a-for efaid, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, for certificates in exchange for fuch fortunate tickets, as aforefaid: and whereas feveral of the fortunate tickets of the faid lottery have not been claimed within the time limited by the faid aft, feme of which may by cafualty or mifehance have been lofl, burnt, or otherwife, deflroyed, which faid tickets remaining unclaimed amount in value to the fum of two thousand feven hundred and twenty pounds, &c,

CAP. XV.

An aft for the letter regulating the nightly watch and be-dels, within the two parifhes of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberties of the city cf Weftminfter.

WHEREAS the keeping a fufficient and well regulated watch in the night time, within the two great and populous parifhes of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberties of the city of Weftminfter, is of great importance for the prefervation of the per fens and properties of the inhabitants thereof, and very neceffary to prevent as well the mifehiefs, which may happen from fires, as murders, burglaries, robberies, and other outrages and diforders: and whereas by the laws now in being no efi> feftual provifion is made for the eftablijhing, ordering, or well governing of fuch a nightly watch, or for levying and collefting any fums of money for defraying the neceffary charges thereof, or for' enforcing a due application, and\ jufi account of any money fo levied and collefted for that purpose : and whereas it hath been found by experience, that the bedels employed within the faid two parifhes, for want of a proper regulation and government of them, have been of great charge, and little ufe to the fame, and the methods hitherto praftifed of raifing monies, for maintaining and paying the faid bedels, have been alfo precarious and unwarrantable; for remedy of the aforefaid inconveniencies, may it pleafe your mofl ex-cellent Majesty that it may be enadted, &c.

The veftry of each parifli to meet on z June yearly, for appointing able-bodied watchmen and bedels, and to fet down in writing the feveral regulations; and, on legal notice, at other times, for fupplying vacancies, See, A copy of the regulations, ligned by the veftry clerks, to be deli* vered to every conftable. One conftable for each parifli to watch every night by turns. Rates not to exceed 4-d in the pound. Payment of tbefe rates not to intitle any perfon to a fettlement in the parifli. Yearly accounts of the fums total alfefled and collected, to be impelled without fee. The inhabitants of Saint James’s Square, difeharged from thefe rates, but the truftees thereof may appoint watchmen and bedels, who fhall have like powers as thofe appointed by this a£t. Perfons paying the rates hereby appointed, difeharged from the ftatute gf Wincheiler, &c.

CAP.



*735’] Anno oftavo Georgii II. c. i&<

5i i

CAP. XVI.

An aft for the amendment of the law relating to aftions on the fiatute of Hue and Cry,

WHEREAS by the laws noiv in beings the proceedings upon Preamble, re-a Jlatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King citing the att$ Edward the firfl, commonly called The ftatute of Hue and Cry, *3 eu** c and another Jlatute made in the twenty feventh year of the reign 2,7 * *IJ% of JJueen Elizabeth, intituled, An a6l for the following of Hue and Cryy are attended with many and great incotiveniencies to the fubjefls: for remedy thereof, be it enacfied by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June? in the After 24.June, year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five,	PeT

no perfon or perfons fhall have or maintain any adlion againft J^dredln * any hundred, or take any benefit by virtue of the faid fiatutes, cafeofrob-or either of them, unlefs he, fhe, or they, fhall, over and be- beiy, fides the notice already required by the lad; of the above-mentioned fiatutes to be given of any robbery, with as much convenient fpeed as may be after any robbery on him, her, or them committed, give notice thereof to one of the conftableswithout firft of the hundred, or to fome conftable, borfholder, headborough, giving notice or tythingman of fome town, parifh, village, hamlet, or ty-to a conftable, thing, near unto the place wherein fuch robbery fhall happen, &c. defcribing or fhall leave notice in writing of fuch robbery at the dwelling- t^ie *e on* houfe of fuch conftable, borfholder, headborough, or tythingman, defcribing in fuch notice, to be given or left as aforefaid, fo far as the nature and circumfiances of the cafe will admit, the felon or felons, and the time and place of the robbery; and alfo fhall, within the fpace of twenty days next after the and publifliing robbery committed, caufe publick notice to be given thereofca^e in the in the London Gazette, therein likewife defcribing, fo far as the nature and circumfiances of the cafe will admit, the felon or days after felons, and the time and place of fuch robbery, together with the robbery, the goods and effects, whereof he, fhe, or they was or were robbed; and fhall alfo, before any fuch acfiion be commenced, and giving fe~ go before the chief clerk or fecondary, or the filazer of the to Uie hi Ih° county wherein fuch robbery {hall happen, or the clerk of the COnftable, to pleas of that court wherein fuch action is intended to be pay cofts, if brought, or their refpedrive deputies, or before the fherifF of caft. the county wherein the robbery (hall happen, and enter into a bond to the high confiable or high confiables of the hundred in which fuch robbery {hall be committed, in the penal fum of one hundred pounds, with two fufficient fureties, to be approved of by fuch chief clerk, fecondary, filazer, or clerk of the pleas, or their refpetfiive deputies, or the (heriff of the faid county, with condition for fecuring to fuch high confiable or



512	Anno	oflavo	Georgii	II.	c,	16*	f1735-

high conftables (who are hereby impowered and required to enter, or caufe to be entered, an appearance, and alfo to defend fuch acftion, as herein after is mentioned) the due payment of his or their cofts, after the fame fhall be taxed by the proper officer, in cafe that he, file, or they (the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion) fhall happen to be nonfuited, or fhall dif-continue his, her, or their adtion, or in cafe that judgment fhall be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs on demurrer, or that a verdidf fhall be given againft him, her, or them.

The iberiff to II, And be itenadted by the authority aforefaid. That when certify fuch any fuch bond, as above mentioned, lhall be entred into be-bond,	fore the faid fheriff, fuch fheriff fhall immediately certify the

fame in writing to the chief clerk or fecondary in the court of King's Bench, or his or their deputy, or to the blazer of that county wherein fuch robbery lhall be committed, or his deputy, in cafe the adtion be intended to be brought in the court of Common Pleas, or, if in the court of Exchequer, to the clerk of the pleas, or his deputy; which certificate fhall be delivered by the party or parties robbed, to the faid chief clerk or fecondary, or his or their deputy, cr to fuch blazer, or his deputy, or to fuch clerk of the pleas, or his deputy, before any procefs fhall iffue for the commencement of,fuch fuit as aforefaid; and fuch chief clerk, fecondary, blazer, or clerk of the pleas, or their refpedtive deputies, or the faid fheriff, fhall not take any greater fee or reward for making fuch bond than bve (hillings over and above the (lamp duties; nor fhall any fheriff take any greater fee or reward for making, nor lhall any fuch chief clerk, fecondary, blazer, or clerk of the pleas, or their refpec-tive deputies, take any greater fee or reward for receiving and The bond to bling fuch certibcate, than two (hillings and fix pence; and be delivered fuch chief clerk, fecondary, blazer, or clerk of the pleas, or gratis t° the ^q[v refpedlive deputies, and fheriff, as aforefaid, are hereby ig con a e‘reqU[recj deliver over gratis (upon reafonable requeft made for that purpofe) all and every fuch bonds, to be by them re-fpedtively taken purfuant to this prefent a61, to the high con-ftable or high conftables to whofe ufe the fame fhall be taken, as aforefaid.

and the certificate thereof to be delivered to the chief clerk,&c. before procefs granted.

The fees.

Hundred not HI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, chargeable, if That no hundred, or franchife therein, fhall be chargeable by one of the fe- virtue of the above-mentioned or any other ftatute, if one or bended more	^ons?	by	whom	fuch	robbery fhall be committed,

days after1 no- be apprehended within the fpace of forty days next after fuch tice in the publick notice given in the London Gazette as aforefaid.

Gazette.	IV.	Be it likewife enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

High confta- no procefs for appearance in any adlion to be brought upon ferved with ^	^atutes?	or	either	of	them,	againft any hundred, fhall

the procefs, be ferved on any inhabitant thereof, lave only upon the high conftable or high conftables of the hundred wherein the rob--who is to givebery fhall happen, who is and are hereby required to caufe publick notice publick notice thereof to be given in one of the principal mar-thereof on the towns within fuch hundred on the next market day after

he



i*735.] Armo o£lavo GeoRgii II. c.16/	513

he or they (hall be ferved with fuch procefs, or if there (hall next market happen to be no market town within fuch hundred, then in fome parifh church within the hundred immediately after divine fervice, on the Sunday next after his or their being ferved or in tl>e Pa* with fuch procefs, and he or they is and are alfo hereby im- r c iurc * powered and required to enter, or caufe to be entred, an ap- and fliall enter pearance in the faid action, and alfo defend the fame for and appearance5 on behalf of the inhabitants of the faid hundred, as he or they fhall be advifed; and in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch if the plaintiff action fhall recover and obtain judgment therein, that then recover* no procefs of execution fhall be ferved on any particular inha** bitant or inhabitants of the faid hundred, or any franchife within the precindl thereof, nor on the faid high conftable or high conftables; but the fheriff or his officer fhall, upon the receipt tiie flierifTter of any writ or writs of execution to him directed in purfuanee fhew the writ of the faid judgment (inftead of ferving the faid writ or writs of execution on any inhabitant or inhabitants) caufe the fame to be pro- tQ twQ lces* duced and (hewn gratis unto two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion (whereof one to be of the quorum) and refiding within the faid hundred, or near unto the fame, who fhall thereupon with all convenient fpeed caufe luch taxation and affeflfnent to be made, and to be levied and collected in fuch manner as is preferibed in and by the aforefaid ffatute made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Queen Eliza-beth, in which taxation and afleffinent there (hall be provided whaare to ta^ for and included, over and above what the cafts and damages and levy the recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs in luch adlion fhall a- charge as by mount to, all fuch juft and neceffary expences which any high	^

conftable or high conftables of any hundred hath or have been, ft ^	*	'*

or (hall be at, in having defended any fuch aeftion as aforefaid, claim being made thereto by fuch high conftable or high con-* ftables before the faid juftices, upon due notice being given ta him or them by the faid juftices for that purpofe; and the fums of money fo to be levied and collected, fhall be paid over and delivered (by fuch officer or officers, as by the faid ftatute made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, are to levy and colledf the fame) within ten days The money td after fuch collecftidff,; to the fheriff of the county wherein the be paid in 10 robbery fhall happen,' to the ufe and behoof of the plaintiffdays after color plaintiffs in fuch action, for fo much as the colls and da-	^

mages by him, her, or them recovered, fhall amount to, and ufe 0fthe to the ufe and behoof of the faid high conftable or high con- plaintiff. See* ftables, for fo much as his or their expences in defending the faid adtion fhall amount to, of which the faid high conftable or high conftables fhall give in an account, and make due, proof upon oath, to the fatisfadfion of the faid juftices, before any taxation and affeffment fhall be made for the reimburftng fuch high conftable or high conftables (which oath the faid juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) and fhall in fuch expences have no further allowance toward paying an attorney to defend the faid adlion, than what fuch at-

• Vo-tfXVX	L i	torney’s



514	Anno	oftavo	Georgii II. c. 16.	[1735.'

torney’s bill fhall be taxed at by the proper officer of that court where fuch adtion lhall be brought, which the faid high conftable or high conftables fhall caufe to be taxed for that purpofe.

The money to V. And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, That be paid with- the fum or fums of money which fhall be paid over and deli-out fees* vered to the fheriff of the county, as is herein before mentioned, fhall (upon reafonable requeft made) be by him paid and delivered over to the feveral parties who fhall be intitled to receive the fame, without any deduction, fee, or reward what-foever.

VI.	And that fufficient time may not be wanting for fuch taxation and affeflrnent to be duly made, and for the money to be levied and colledied thereupon, after fuch writ or writs of execution fhall be (hewn to fuch juftices, and before the fheriff fhall be obliged to make a return thereof; be it enabled by the

Sheriff not ob-authority aforefaid, That no fheriff fhall be called upon or liged to make required to make any return to any fuch writ or writs of exe-writTiil^*16 cut*on’ as	or	made out upon any judgment, which

days*after de-	recovered in an action brought againfl: any hundred,

livery.	by virtue of the above mentioned ftatutes, or either of them,

until after the expiration of fixty days next after the day whereupon fuch writ or writs fhall be delivered to the faid fheriff, who is hereby required to indorfe, on the back thereof, the day on which he received the fame.

VII.	And whereas it is reafonable that the faid high confable or high conftables Jhould be indemnified as to all charges which he or they Jhould necffarily expend in defending any Juit in purfuance of this prefent aft, and that provifion Jhould be made for reimburfing him or, them, not only all fuch expences as Jhall be over and above the taxed cofts to be paid by the plaintiff or plaintiffs in cafe of a nonfuit, or difcontinuance^ or judgment on demurrer againfl him, her or them> or vercliSj for the defendants, as aforefaidbut even fuch taxed cofts alfo, in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs, and his, her or their fureties, who Jhall he bound for the payment thereof, Jhall happen to become infol-vent; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if

How the high any plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any adtion to be brought againfl; cpnilable lhall any hundred upon the ftatutes above rpintioned, or either of i/the* pialntiff t^em?	nonfuited, or lhall difcontinue his, her or their

be nonfuited, adtion, or fhall have a judgment on demurrer given, or ^ See.	verdidl pafs againfl: him, her or them, it lhall and may

be lawful for any two juftices of the peace (fuch as are herein, before mentioned) upon complaint to them made for that purpofe, and upon an account given in by fuch high con-ftable or high conftables, and proof made upon oath to the fatisfadtion of the faid juftices of fuch expences neceflarily laid out as aforefaid (which oath the faid juftices are hereby Air-powered and required to adminifter) to make and caufe fuch taxation and affeflrnent to be made, and to be levied and colledt-ed in fuch manner, as is diredted in and by the abovementioned fhtute made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, as aforefaid, in order thereby to reimburfe fuch high

con-



1735*] Anno °&av0 Georgii II. c. 16.	515

condable or high condables all fuch charges as he or they (hall have neceflarily expended in defending fuch action, wherein fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall have been nonfuited, or fhall have difcontinued his, her or their action, or againft whom judgment fhall have been given upon demurrer, or a verdict fhall have been given, over and above the cods in.thofe cafes to be taxed as aforefaid; and in cafe it fhall be made appear upon oath to the faid judices of peace (which oath the faid judices are hereby alfo impowered and required to adminider) to their fatisfaction, that fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and alfo his or their fureties, is and are infolvent, fo that the faid high condable or high con-dables can have no relief, as to fuch taxed cods by them expended in fuch defence as aforefaid (fave only by the power herein after given to the faid judices) it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch two judices of the peace to make and caufe a taxation and afleflment to be made, and to be levied and collected, in the fame manner as is directed in and by the aforefaid ftatute made in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, in order thereby to reimburfe fuch high condable or high condables fuch taxed cods, as, by reafon of fuch infolvency, he or they fhall not be able to recover and receive of and from the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the action, or his or their fureties, as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Money levied That the feveral fum or furns of money, which fhall be rated, for reimburf-and affeffed and levied, and collected, as aforefaid, for the reim- j^fi^bleTo burfement of the expences netedarily fudained by any high con- be paid with-ftable or high condables, in defence of any action brought a- in io days* gaind the hundred, upon the datutes above mentioned, of either

of them, in cafe of any judgment given againd the plaintiff or plaintiffs, diall be paid, within ten days after fuch collection, unto the faid judices, or one of them, to the ufe and behoof of fuch high condable or high condables, to whom the faid judices fhall upon requed pay and deliver over the fame.

IX.	And to the intent that Hue and Cry may be made with more diligence and effect, and other perfons encouraged to take fuch felon or felons; be it further ena<ted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons who fhall apprehend fuch 10h reward felon or felons, within the time herein before limited for that

purpofe, whereby the hundred hath been actually indemnified pejon f0 as to or difcharged from any fuch action, as aforefaid, fhall upon due indemnify the proof thereof upon oath made before fuch two judices as aforefaid hundred, (which oath the faid judices are hereby alfo impowered and required to adminider) be intitled to the reward of ten pounds (which fum fhall be raifed upon the hundred by a taxation and aflefltnent, to be made, and to be levied and collected in the fame manner as the other fums of money by this prefent act appointed to be raifed upon the hundred are directed to be af~ feded, levied and collected) and fuch fum of ten pounds, which fhall be fo,rated, a defied, levied, and Collected, as aforefaid, fhall be’ paid unto two fuch judices of the peace, within ten days next after the fame fhall be fo levied and collected, to the ufe of

L1 %	the





How the nf-feftmerits are to be made.

Penalty on colledtors not doing their duty*

Method of purfuing Hue and Cry.

5 1. penalty on

refufal or negledl.

Anno ofravo Georgii II. c. 16. f1735*

the perfon or perfons who fhall be thereunto intitled, as a reward for having fo apprehended fuch felon or felons as afore-faid ; and fuch juftices fhall, upon reafonable requeft made for that purpofe, pay over and deliver the faid fum to fuch perfon or perfons accordingly, in fuch fhares and proportions as the faid juftices fhall think reafonable : provided always. That fuch perfon or perfons, fo intitled to fuch reward, lhall not be thereby rendred incapable to be a witnefs in any fuch adlion.

X.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace by whom fuch taxations and affeffments, as aforefaid, lhall, in purfuanee of the faid ftatute made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and alfo of this prefent abe made, fhall limit and appoint at their dif-cretion fome certain reafonable time within which fuch taxations and affeffments lhall be levied and collected, which time lhall not exceed thirty days 5 and alfo that if any fuch officer or officers, who are to levy and colledt fuch taxations and afleffments, as aforefaid, lhall refufe or negledt to levy and collect the fame within fuch time as lhall be limited and appointed by the faid juftices of the peace for their doing thereof, or fhall refufe or negledf to pay and deliver over the fums of money, fo levied and collected, to the faid fheriff, and alfo to the faid juftices, in fuch manner as the fame in the feveral cafes herein before mentioned are refpectively directed to be paid, within the refpecftive times herein before limited for fuch payment thereof, every fuch officer fhall, for every fuch refufal or negledt, forfeit double the fum appointed to be by him levied and colledled as aforefaid.

XI.	And whereas by the above■ mentioned Jlatutes it is enabled., 'That frejh fuit and Hue and Cry fhall be made and purfued, and in what maimer the fame floall be, yet no particular perfon or perfons is thereby exprefsly required to make and caufe fuch Hue and Cry and purfuit to be made, whence it hath often happened, that the fame hath been fo much neglected and delayed, that felons have had time to make their efcape, and the intention of the faid jlatutes hath been thereby in great meafure frufrated\ be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That every conftable, borfholder, headborough, or tythingman, to whom notice lhall be given, or at whofe dwell-ing-houfe notice of any robbery fhall be left, as aforefaid, and that every conftable of the hundred, and every conftable, bor-fholder, headborough, or tythingman, of any town, parifh, village, hamlet, or tything, within the hundred or the franchifes within the precindt thereof, wherein fuch robbery lhall happen, as foon as the fame lhall come to his knowledge, either by notice from the party or parties robbed, or from any other perfon or perfons to whom notice lhall be given thereof purfuant to this prefent or any other ftatute, fhall with the utmoft expedition make and caufe to be made frefh fuit and Hue and Cry after the felon or felons by whom fuch robbery fhall be committed ; and if any conftable, borfholder, headborough, or tythingman, fhall offend in the premiffes, by refufing or negledt-ing to make, or caufe to be made, fuch frelh fuit and Hue and



517

1735.] Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 17.

Cry as aforefaid, every fuch offender fliaJI for every luch refufal or negleCt forfeit five pounds.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That eve.- Penalties how ry forfeiture hereby incurred fhall be recovered with full cofts t0 *De Jev*ec^* of fuit, and fhall be and enure, as to one moiety thereof, to the

ufe of the King’s moft excellent majesty, and as to the other moiety thereof, to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall fue for the fame within fix months next after fuch forfeiture fhall be incurred, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler, wherein no ef-foin, privilege, protection or wager of law fhall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aCtion, fuit, or information fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this or either of the herein before recited flatutes.

That in every fuch cafe the defendant or defendants in fuch

aCtion, fuit or information, may plead the general iffue, and give General iffue. this and the aforefaid ftatutes, or either of them, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become nonfuic, or fhall difcontinue or forbear his or her aCtion or profecution, or if a verdiCt fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or profecutor, or judgment fhall be given againft him or her, upon demurrer or otherwife, the defendant or defendants may and fhall recover full cofts, for Full colts, which he or they fhall have the like remedy as defendants have by law in other cafes of cofts.

XIV.	Provided always, Th^t no fuch aCtion, fuit or inform- Limitation of ation fhall be brought or exhibited, but within the fpace of fix a^OJ>s* months next after the matter or thing done, for which the fame

fhall be commenced, or exhibited, as aforefaid.

XV.	And whereas by the lazvs, now in being, the perfon or perfons robbed may be admitted, in any aftion to be brought againft the hun-dred, as a witnefs, to prove the robbery, and the money, goods or ef-fefts^ whereof he, foe or they was or were robbed, and yet no perfon inhabiting within the Jaid hundred can be admitted as a witnefs for or on behalf of the faid hundred, by reafon of the interejl he ' or fhe > may have in the confequences of the faid a ft ion, which is commonly very tnconftderable; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in any aCtion already brought, or to be brought a- Any inhabit-gainft an^ hundred, on either of the aforefaid ftatutes, any per- ^ Vf*Ve Ton inhabiting within the faid hundred or any franchife thereof, the hundred fhall be admitted as a witnefs for or on behalf of the faid hun- zaGeo.a.c.a^ dred, in the fame manner as if he or fhe were not an inhabitant

thereof, but reftded in any other hundred whatfoever.

CAP. XVII.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe. EXP.

L 1 3

CAP,



5*8	Anno	oftavo Georgii II. c.18. C1735*

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue fome laws therein mentioned, relating to the encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, and for encouragement of the ftlk manufactures of this kingdom.

Preamble. X 7 H E R E A S the laws herein after mentioned (which have by V v experience been found nfeful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal,and cotn-^	. mons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the autho-

ritY 0 ^ie ^ame? "Phat the ai^ made in the twelfth year of the reign ii.u c/j6. C ’ ^er ^ate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft. for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for feven years, from the one and twentieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which was, by an act made in the fifth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, continued for feven years longer, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by another a£t made in the tenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, was further continued for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the continued till fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, 2,5 March until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred 27Geo.2.c.i8. anc* forty two> and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

Several claufes II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in the a£t tor feVeral claufes contained in an a£t made in the eighth year thefd^manu-	reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An aft for the encou-

fa&ures. ragenunt of the flk manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking off SGeo.i.c.15. feveral duties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the duties upon beaver fkins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs imported; and for importation of all furs of the produft of the Britifh plantations into this kingdom \ and that the tivo corporations of affurance, on any fuits brought on their policies,/hall be liable only to fingle damages, and cofts of flit, relating to the encouragement* of the filk manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported, which were to continue in force for three years, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which faid claufes were, by an ail made in the eleventh year of his latg  Majesty’s reign, continued from the expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and by another acf made in the fecond year of his Continued till Prefent  Majesty’s reign, are further continued, from the expi-*5 March, ration thereof, till the nine and twentieth day of September, one J7H*	thoufand	feven	hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the

end



1735.] Anno oftavo GeoRGH It. c. 19.	519

end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall Jbe, and the faine Farther conti-are hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, until the 26 twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ,2" ’ ^ forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforelaid, The twolaft That the two laft claufes in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty (For continuing of feme laws and re- c g 9rejatin^ vlving others, therein mentioned) for more effectual preventing to frauds m frauds in mixing filks with fluffs to be exported, which faid filk and Huffs, claufes are by an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, to continue in force to the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be, and are hereby further continued, until the continued till twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and 2-5 March, forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion Geo.2.0.3?. of parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An aSl to continue an dSt pajfed in the third year of his prefent Majeftfs reign, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majeftyprovince of Carolina in America direftly to any part of Europe fouthward of Cape Finijlerre, in fhips built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law 3 and to extend that liberty to his Majeftf s province of Georgia in A-merica.

WHEREAS an adt pajfed in the third year of the reign of hi Preamble re-prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to citing 3 Geo. carry rice from his  Majesty’s province of Carolina m America,^^e^eaft direftly to any part of Europe fouthward of Cape Finijlerre, in 3 Geo.0®.3 fhips built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated continued to according to law, which was to be in force for five years, from the 29 Sept. 174.2. nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred fnU~ and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of par- Geo. it. c^iS. liament, and has been found vfeful and beneficial, and therefore fit to be continued; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft: fhall be and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II. And whereas fence the pafftng the faid aft his Majesty, by his Recital of letters patent bearing date the ninth day of June in the fifth year of part of the his reign, did, amongfl other things, moft gracioufiy give and grant to the truftees for ejlablijhing the colony of Georgia in America, and colomfof their fuccejfors, feven undivided parts (the whole into eight equal parts Georgia/

L 1 4	to



526	Anno	oftavo GeoRgii II. C.19:	[1735.’

to be divided) of all thofe lands, countries, and territories, fituate, and being in that part of South Carolina America which lies from the mofl northern ftream of a river there commonly called The Savannah, all along the fea coajl to the fouthiuard unto the mod fouthern /beam of a certain other great water or river called The Alatamaha, and wefvuard from the heads of the faid rivers refpec-tively in dire ft lines to the South-Sea, and all that fpace, circuity and precinct of land lying within the faid boundaries, with the iflands in the fea lying oppojite to the eaftern coafs of the faid lands ivitbin tiventy leagues of the fame: and zuhereas his Majejly, by his faid letters patent, did make, erek7, and create, the faid lands, countries, and territories, into one independent province, by the name of Georgia : and whereas doubts may arife whether fence the feparation of the faid province of Georgia from the faid province of South Carolina as afore faid, rice may be exported from the faid province of Georgia to any part of Europe fouthiuard of Cape Finifterre in the fame man-The faid a£l ner as from ^Je faid province of Carolina: for preventing thereof, extended to anc^ f°r encouragement of the faid province of Georgia, be it Georgia. . enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, it fhall and may be lawful for any of his  Majesty’s fubjedts in any fliip or veffel built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his MajeftyV fubjedts refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, that fhall clear outwards in any port of Great Britain for the province of Georgia in America, to {hip or load rice in the faid province, and to carry the fame diredtly to any port fouthward of Cape Finifterre, without carrying the fame to any other of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the like entries, fecurities, reftridtions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly defcribed, appointed, limited, or enadted for that pur-pofe, in and by the faid act of the third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty s province ^/'Carolina in America, direftty to any 'part of Europe,fouthward of Cape Finifterre, in Jhips built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

The powers III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ot the officers That the officers which fhall be for that purpose appointed by ed by Th^iaid t^ie tru^ees for eftablifhing the colony of Georgia in Americay truftees fhall and may and are hereby authorized and impowered to do i9Geo 2.c. 22. and execute all and every the matters and things in the province Continued by 0f Georgia aforefaid, which fhall and may be done by virtue of eo' 2‘ the faid adt by any of the officers belonging to any of the ports *	in the province of Carolina.

CAP,



521

1735*1 Anno oftavo Georgii II. C. 20.

CAP. XX.

/in aft for rendering the laws more effeftual for punifhing fuck perfons as fhall wilfully and malicioujly pull down or dejlroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works erefted by aft of parliament for making rivers navigable, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament paffed in the firft year (?/'pream^]e re his prefent Majejlfs reign, For punifhing fuch perfons as cjtin™the * fhould wilfully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes turnpike ad for repairing highways, or locks, or other works ereded by au- iGeo. 2. c. 19. thority of parliament for making rivers navigable; and in the z'Cm fifth year of his prefent Majefifs reign, another aft paffed to explain, amende and render mere effe ftual the faid aft: and whereas the pro-viftons made by the faid afts for punifhing fuch offenders, have^ by experience been found to be infufficient: now for rendring the faid ads more effedual, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, after the fifteenth day of May, in the year After,5 May, of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, fhall, 1735, perfons either by day or night, wilfully or malicioufly pull down, pluck malicioufly up, throw down, level, or otherwise'deftroy any turnpike gate, de^r°jkes*&c or turnpike gates, or any poll: or polls, rail or rails, wall or turn^)1 es* c* walls, or any chain, bar, or other fence or fences belonging to any fuch turnpike gate, or turnpike gates, or any other chain, bar, or fence of any kind whatsoever, fet up or ereded, or hereafter to be fet up or ereded, to prevent paffengers from palling by without paying any toll, laid and direded to be paid by any ad or ads of parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that purpofe, or any houfeor houfes ereded or to be ereded Lqcjcs or for the ufe of any fuch turnpike gate cr turnpike gates, or any ereded other fence or fences, or any lock, fluice, flood-gate, or other by parliament,, works on any navigable river, ereded or to be ereded by authority of parliament; or forcibly refeue any perfon or perfons orrefcul.ng being lawfully in cuftody of any officer, or other perfon, for any ftod^for^fuch of the offences before-mentioned; that then and in any of the offences, faid cafes, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully con-vided, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and thall Suffer death t0 fuller death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IT. And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons, ^ month’s after the faid fifteenth day of May, fhall wilfully and malicioufly imprisonment draw or pluck up any flood-gate or flood-gates, fixed or made on malicious in any wear or wears, lock or locks, ereded or made, or here-after to be ereded or made, by authority of parliament, in or £C° es* upon any navigable river, for preferving the navigation thereof; all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes, before two or more juftice or juftices of the

. peace

Offences may be tried in any adjacent county.

Attainder on

tion of blood, &c.

Perfons dif-covering and convi<ting o-

nies fhall be pardoned.

Anno octavo Georgii II. c.20.	[ J735-

peace for the county, riding, or divifion, where any fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, or of the adjacent county, riding, or divifion, fhall be fent to the houfe of correction, there to continue and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month.

III.	And for the better and more impartial trial of any indictment which fhall be found, commenced and profecuted, for the offences committed againft this act, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every offence aforefaid, that fhall be done or committed contrary to this act, fhall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined in any adjacent county within that part of the kingdom of great Great Britain called England, in fuch manner and form as if the fact had been therein committed.

IV.	Provided that no attainder for any of the offences made this a<t not to felony by virtue of this act fhall make or work corruption of work corrup- blood, lofs of dower, or forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods

or chatties.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time after the faid

thers uiit f ^teent^ day °f May^ in the year of our Lord one thousand feven the^auTfelo- hundred and thirty five, commit any of the offences declared to be felony by this act, and, being out of prifon, fhall difcover and apprehend, or caufe to be difcovered and apprehended, one or more perfon or perfons who fhall commit any fuch offence or offences, declared to be felony, as aforefaid, fo as he, fhe, or they, fhall be thereof lawfully convicted, every fuch perfon or perfons on conviction of the offender or offenders fo to be apprehended, fhall have, and is hereby intitled to his Maje fly’s moft gracious pardon for the felonies aforefaid, which he, fhe, or they fhall have committed, at any time or times before fuch difcovery made, which pardon fhall be likewife a good bar to any appeal brought, or to be brought, for any fuch felony.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifteenth day of May^ the inhabitants of every hundred in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, within which fuch offence or offences fhall be commuted, by pulling down, and deftroying any turnpike gate or gates, or any poft or pofts, rail or rails, wall or walls, belonging to any turnpike gate or gates, or any chain, bar, or fence, or any houfe or houfes fet up or erected, or to be fet up or erected, for the ufe or fervice of collecting the tolls, at any place appointed by the commiffioners, or any five or more of them, acting under any act or acts of parliament enabling them to act as conmniflioners for amending any road or roads, highway or highways, or any lock, fluice, or floodgate, or any works erected, or to be erected, by authority of parliament, upon any navigable river, for preferving or fecuring the navigation thereof, fhall make full fatisfaction for the damages that fhall be thereby fuffered ; and that the faid damages fhall and may be recovered by action of debt, biJI, plaint, or information, in any

of

The hundred to anfwfer the damages.

How to be recovered,

Hosted by Go< le

1735*]	Anno o&avo GeoRgii II. c. 20.	523

,of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfler? by and in the name of the clerk of the peace of the county for the time being, wherein fuch offence or offences .ftiall be committed, without naming the Chriftian name* or furname, of the clerk of the peace; and the -faid damages, fo to be recovered, fhali be to the an ie * only ufe and behoof of the truftees, comm iff oners, proprietors, or undertakers, of any turnpike or navigable fiver, to be by them applied and difpofed of to the feveral ufes and purposes, and in fuch manner, as the feveral tolls, rates, and duties, by Tbe faid da-virtue of any a6l or acts of parliament made, or to be made, are mages not to or fhali be applied and difpofed of, the fum to be recovered a- fo^one of-gainfl the inhabitants of fuch hundred as fhali by this a6t be fence, made liable to anfwer all or part thereof, not exceeding, for any The inhabi-offence, the fum of twenty pounds ; and all and every the inha- tants to be bitants of fuch hundred fhali be rateably and proportionably ^teas fn taxed for and towards an equal contribution for the relief of fuch and cry, by inhabitant or inhabitants, againft whom execution for fuch da- 27 Eliz. c. 13. mages fhali be had and levied, which tax fhali be levied and railed by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as is prefcribed and mentioned for the levying and railing damages recovered againft inhabitants of hundreds in cafes of robberies, in and by an adt, intituled. An aft for the following Hue and Cry, made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth..

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the au-	.

thority aforefaid, That where any offence fhali be committed o^neormore' againft this acft, and any one or more of the faid offenders (hall offenders in be apprehended, and lawfully convidled of fuch offence, within 12 months, twelve months next after fuch offence fhali be committed, any the hundred hundred, or inhabitants thereof, fubjedt or liable to make any to terepnkf* fatisfadlion for the damages that (hall be fuftained by any of the out of the offences aforefaid, and who (hall have made fuch fatisfadlion, tolls,

fhali, upon fuch convi&ion of any one or more of the faid offenders within the time aforefaid, be repaid the fums they have paid for fuch fatisfadlion, out of the tolls of the turnpike which (hall fo be pulled down5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A&ions com-That if any clerk of the peace of or in any county within that menced by a part of Great Britain called England, (hall at any time hereafter clee^°^Q^0 commence or prefer any fuch adtion, bill, plaint, or information, b^dffcontinu-and ftiall, after the fame fo fued, commenced, or preferred, hap- ed on his pen to die or be removed out of his office before recovery and death, execution had, that no fuch acftion, bill, plaint, or information,

fued, commenced, or preferred, (hall by fuch difplacing or death be abated or difcontinued ; but it (ball and may be lawful to and for the clerk of the peace next fucceeding in the faid county, to profecute, purfue, and follow all and every fuch adfion, bill, plaint, or information, fo depending lor fuch damages as (hall be fuftained by any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, in fuch manner and form to all intents and purpofes as the clerk of th«

peace



5*4

No adlion for recovering damages, iin-lefs information made within 6 days;

and the fait commenced in 6 months after the offence.

5I. Penalty on aftaulting or tlireatning collectors of tolls, or forcibly palling through turnpikes, &c.

Forfeiture how diftri-buted.

Diftrefs on nonpayment.

6 months im-piilonment on want of diitrels.

Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 20.	£1735;

peace might have done, who firft preferred the faid adlion, bill, plaint, or information.

IX.	Provided neverthclefs, That no adlioriof debt, bill, plaint, or information, fhall be had, fued, or profecuted, to recover any damages by virtue of this adt, unlefs information upon oath fhall be made thereof, within fix days, before fome jufticeofthe peace

> of the county, liberty, or divifion where fuch offence or offences Ihall be committed, inhabiting within the faid hundred, or near the fame.

X.	Provided alfo. That no adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information fhall be had, fued, or profecuted, to recover any damages to be fuftained by reafon of any offence or offences to be committed contrary to this adt, againft any inhabitant of any hundred where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, except fuch adlion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months* next after fuch offence (hall be committed.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall affault any collector or col-ledtors of the toll, or threaten him or them in the execution of his or their office or offices, or fhall forcibly pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, rail or rails, chain or chains, or other

, fence or fences, fet up, or to be fet up, by authority of parliament, without paying the toll appointed to be paid at fuch gate, or other fence ; or if any perfon or perfons fhall forcibly carry away, or detain any collector or colledtors of the toll, fo as he, fhe, or they fha.ll not be able to return to their duty for the fpace of three days; that then and in any of the faid cafes, the party or parties fo offending, upon convidtion by oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before two or more juftices of the peace of the county, liberty, or divifion, where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, inhabiting near the faid divifion or place (who are hereby impowered to fummon the party or parties fo offending, and to hear and determine fuch offences) fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the conftable of the parifft where fuch offence fhall be committed, in truft for and to the only ufe and behoof of the truftees, commiffioners, proprietors, or undertakers of any turnpike, or navigable river, to be by them applied and difpofed of for the feveral ufes and pur-pofes, and in fuch manner, as the feveral tolls, rates, and duties* by virtue of any adt or adts of parliament made or to be made, are or (hall be diredted to be applied and difpofed of, after allowing thereout to fuch conftable, fuch fatisfadtion for his trouble, as the faid truftees, commiffioners, or undertakers, or any five or more of them, fhall adjudge reafonable; to be levied by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the faid juftices of the peace, or any two or more of them, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender or offenders, rendring the overplus to the owner; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, then the party or parties fo offending fhall by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch two juftices, of mor$ of them, be fent tp

the



1735-1	Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 20*	525

the common gaol of the county where fuch offence fhall be

committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the

fpace of fix months, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall be fooner dif-

charged by the order of the juft ices at the quarter feffions of the iq

peace to be holden for the county where fuch offence (hall be fecond or

committed; and if fuch party or parties (hall offend a fecond or third offence.

third time, upon conviction thereof \n manner aforefaid, he or

they fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds,

to be levied by diftrefs in manner aforefaid ; and, for want of fuf-

ficient diftrefs fhall for every fuch offence, after the firft, be fent

by two or more juftices of the peace of the county where fuch	.

offence (hall be committed, to the common gaol of the faid

county, by fuch warrant or warrants as laft before-mentioned, on want of

for one whole year without bail or mainprize; and (hall alfo, diftrefs./

before he, (he, or they (hall be difcharged out of cuftody, give

fecurity at the general quarter feffions of the county for his, her,

or their behaviour for (even years.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Colle&orsof

That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for fuch collector or toll may feize collectors of the toll, to feize and detain any perfon or perfons perfons guilty-guilty of the offences before-mentioned, and fuch perfon or per- ^^is^and fons to carry before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace carryTherrf for the county or place where luch offence (hall be committed, before a without any warrant or other authority for fo doing; and fuch juftice, who juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby impowered and autho- ™ay binc* rized to oblige fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, to give fecu- the'feffions rity for his, her, or their appearing at the next petty feffions to	*

be holden for the divifion or place where fuch offence or offences

fhall be committed, and for want of fuftkient fecurity to com^ mit the perfon or perfons fo offending to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence (hall be committed, until he,

(lie, or they (hall give fuch fecurity.

XIII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, } penalty That if any conftable or conftables, who are hereby required to on refufing to execute all warrants by this or any former a<5t appointed to be execute a iffued concerning turnpikes, fhall refufe to execute any warrant warrant.

or warrants under the hands and feals of a fufficient number of commiffioners or truftees authorized by any a6l of parliament for any turnpike or turnpikes, to levy any fum or fums of money upon any perfon or perfons for any default, for which fuch perfon or perfons are to forfeit and pay ahy fum or fums of money whatsoever, or fhall refufe to execute any warrant or warrants under the hands of any two or more juftices of the peace, for apprehending any perfon or perfons that (hall be guilty of any offence againft this a<5t, or if any other perfon or perfons (hall refufe to affift fuch conftable or conftables in apprehending fuch offender or offenders; then fuch conftable or conftables fo re-fufmg to execute fuch warrant, or other perfon or perfons fo re- difpofed of fuftng to affift him, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds	;

to the clerk of the commiffioners, truftees, proprietors, or undertakers of any turnpike or navigable river, to be by them applied

Forfeitures to whom paid.

Penalty on conftables, &c. refufing to account for forfeitures.

Appeal to the quarter fef-iions.

No Certiorari for removing

Anno o£tOTaGEaRGxtIl;, c. 20. ,	[1735,

plied and difpofedof for the feveral and: purposes, and in fuch manner as the feveral tolls, rates, and duties, by virtue of any adt or adls of parliament made, or to- be made, are or (hall be diredled to be applied and difpofed of, to be levied by diftrefe by warrant or warrants under the hands* and feals of two or more juftices of the peace of the county where fu eh conftabie or conftables, or any other perfon or perfons fo refufing, fhall inhabit, to be directed to the high conftabie of the hundred where he or they fhall inhabits to be by him levied in the fame manner as is before directed in cafe any perfon fhall affault the collector of the toll, or forcibly pafs through any gate or other-fence without paying the foil.

XIV.	And be It further enacted by the authority aforefaid*. That all forfeitures and penalties that by virtue of this act fhall be received by any conftabie or conftables, clerk or clerks to; ajiy of ?he truflees, commiffioners, proprietors, or undertakers, of any turnpike, or navigable river, to the ufe, or in truft for fuch commiffioners, truftees, proprietors, or undertakers, for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall, after the receipt or receipts of fuch' forfeiture or forfeitures, penalty or penalties, be by fuch con--liable or conftables, clerk or clerks, paid over to any perfon or perfons, to whom the faid commiffioners, truftees, proprietors, or undertakers, or any five or more of them, by any order under their refpective hands, fhall direct the fame to be paid; and in cafe fuch conftabie or conftables, clerk or clerks, fhall refufe to account fpr, or pay over the fame, that then, it fhall and may be.* lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace for the county, town, or divifton, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes made before them, of any fuch refufal, to commit the party or parties fo refufing to account or: pay over the fum or fums of money by him or them received for any fuch forfeiture or penalty, to the common gaol: of the county, where fuch conftabie or conftables, clerk or clerks, fhall live, until he or they fhall pay and fatisfy the fame.

XV.	Provided alfo. That it fhall and may be lawful for any> perfon aggrieved by any order or orders to be made by any two or more juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, to appeal to the jur ftices of the peace aflembled at the next general feffions to be holden for the county, city, divifton, parifh, or place, where fuch orders fhall be made, giving reasonable notice of fuch appeal, the reafonablenefs of which notice fhall be determined by* the juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions to which the appeal is made; and if it fhall appear to them, that reafonable time of notice was not given, then they fhall adjourn the faid appeal to the next quarter feffions, and then and there finally hear and determine the fame ; and the juftices, who in the general quar-* ter feffions fhall hear the matter, fhall have power to award reafonable cofts to either party, as to them (hall feem juft, and fuch determination fhall conclude and bind all parties concerned.

XVI.	And it is hereby enacted, That no Certiorari fhall be

2	granted



1735-] Anno oftavo Gborgii H. c.20.	527

granted by any court whatsoever, for removing any order or orders t0 ^ orders, or other proceedings of any juftice or juftices of the other court.* peace, concerning all or any of the matters in this adl contained> out of the proper county, city, divilion, or place, into any other court.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Determina-

That when any complaint of abufe, or excels of power in commiffioners and truftees appointed to put any adl of parliament	concern-

made for the repair of any highway or highways in execution, ing Com-

by eredliog, or fetting up, or cauling to be eredted, or fet up, any plaints, to be gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, rails, polls, chain or chains, ^na^ or any other fence, hath been already made, and heard by the juftices of the peace of the county, where fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, were, or lhall be eredled, or continued, in the general quarter feflions assembled, that fuch hearing of the faid juftices lhall be final, and their determination therein either in favour of the complainant, or of the faid commiffioners and truftees, lhall he, and is hereby declared to be, fully confirmed and eftablifhech

XVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any fuit or fuits fhall be brought or commenced againft actions, any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this

adl, that in every fuch cafe the adlion fhall be laid in fuch county where the caufe of adlion did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch addon or adlions to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the General ilfue* fpeciai matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of the faid adl; and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adlion or adlions fhall be brought in any other county, then the jury lhall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch verdidl, or if the plaintiff lhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adlion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurr-er judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants lhall and may recover treble colls. Treble colls, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath and have in other cafes to recover colls by law.

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, This and the That this adl, andalfo the faid two feveral adts made in the firft a before-men-and fifth years of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, and every article, honed adts to claufe and fentence therein (not altered by this prefent adl) fhall f^^for m te and continue in full force and effedt, and be executed for-the years. 5 fpace of five years, to commence from the faid fifteenth day of Made perpetual Mayx in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and^>’ 27 Geo* s» thirty five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion c’ l6‘

of parliament, for the purpofes in the faid feveral adls mentioned; as fully as if the fame was herein again repeated and re-en-adted in the body of this prefent adl.

CAP,



528	Anno	o&avo Georgii II. c. 21;	[1735.

CAP. XXI.

An act to continue feveral laws therein mentioned, for the better regulation and government of feamen in the merchants ffrvtce; for the regulating of pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ijle of Thanet-, for preventing frauds in the cuftoms, and to prevent the clandejline running of goods*, and for making copper ore of the Britifti plantations an enumerated commodity.

Preamble.

The Teamens aft z Geo. 2. c. 56. continued till 25 March, 174.9. Farther conii-

W HERE AS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted • and be it ena<fted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an a<ft made in the fecond year of his prefent  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the better regulation and government of feamen in the ?nerchants fervice, which was, to be in force for five years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, and from thence tmedbyz3Geo. to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and is near a. c. 26. expiring, fhall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of jthe then next feffion of parliament.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft made in the third year of the reign of his late Ma- 1 The pilots aft	intituled. An aft for the better regulating of pilots for the

3 Geo. i.c. 13. condufting of Jkips and veffels from Dover, Deal, and the ifie of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway, which was to continue in force for feven years, and from thence to the end of and a claufe in the then next feffion of parliament; and a claufe for further re-r^ relatino- gulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ifle of Thanet, in thereto6 con-S an a<^ Pa^d in the leventh year of the reign of his late Majefty', tinued till 25 which was to be in force during the continuance of the faid aft Mar. 1749. t of the third year of his faid late  Majesty’s reign (which faid aft

^medb'f0Geo	Year ^ate Majesty, together with the faid

2. c. zff ’ claufe,was,by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty,further continued for the further term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parlia-’ meat) [hall be, and are hereby further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

III. And whereas feveral claufes in an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majejiy, intituled, An aft againft clandef-tine running of uncuftomed goods, and for the more effeftual relating to fo- preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms, relating to fiich chandizes" foreign goods, wares and merchandizes, as Jball be taken in at fea

out

Several claufes in an aft 5 Geo. 1. c. 11.



1735-1 Annb>o£tavo Georgii II. C.21.	529

out of any /hip .or vefiel, in order to he landed, or put into any other f ^ c6 . flip* -veffel,^ or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reported, and found after clearing fbips\ and whereby further remedies are pro- Sept. i74.%. vided againft relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, Further conti-and foreign goods flipped out for parts beyond the feas; and alfonfe^^7 Geo* relating to the opening or altering the package of goods\ on board flips2* C‘ 1 ' outward bound; and alfo relating to hovering flips or veffels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under;	^	concerning	the bales or package ^in which coffee flail be exported;	alfo relating to rum im-

ported in casks or veffels not containing twenty gallons at the leaf; and alfo relating to certificate goods entred in order to be exported to Ireland; which faid feveral claufes were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the feveral times of the commencement thereof.\ and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament refpeftively; which faid feveral claufes laf mentioned were, by another aft paffid in the ninth year of his faid late Majeflfs reign, continued from the expiration of the feveral and refpeftive terms therein mentioned for the term of five years, aad from the?ice to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which faid claufes, by an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, were further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid lad; mentioned claufes fhali be further continued from and after the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. The aft t That anadt made in the eighth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, Geo. 1. c. 184 intituled, An act to prevent the clandefiine running of goods, and theffi preventing danger of infcft'wi thereby, and to prevent flnps breaking their qua- crf^nfn meQf rentine-, and to fubjeft copper ore of the produftion of the Britifh goods, except plantations to fucb regulations, as other enumerated commodities of the the claufe a-like produftion are fubjeft; which was to be in force for two k°ut quaren-years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the ,74l. ~9 P 4 then next feffion of parliament, which a(except the claufe Farther conti-obliging all fhips or veffels to perform quarentine) was by an nuedbyzjGeo* a<St made in the eleventh year of his late  Majesty’s reign, further 2‘ c‘ lS,*‘ continued from the expiration thereof, for the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by another a<5t (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veffels ,to perform quarentine) was by an a<5l made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; (Tall be (except fo much of the fame abt as relates to fhips or veffels performing quarentine) and the lame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth

Vol. XVI.	M	m	day



Preamble reciting the attainder, l Geo. i. c< 42.

Anno oftavo Georgii II. c. 22,23.’ C1735-

day of September, one thousand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An aEl to enable William Mackenzie-/#^ earl of Seafort to fue or maintain any action or fuit, notwithstanding his at-tainder, and to remove any difabiliiy in him by reafon of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perjonal efiate that may or fhall hereafter defcend or come to him.

Moil gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS William Mackenzie late earl of Seafort, by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the fir ft year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Fir ft, intituled, An adt for the attainder of George earl of Marjbal, William earl of Sea-fort, James earl of South Jk, James earl of Panmuire, and others, of high treafon, unlefs they fhall render themfelves to juftice by a day certain therein mentioned, was attainted of high treafon, and thereby, and by other a£ls of parliament, all the real and per-final efiate of the faid William Mackenzie late earl of Seafort became forfeited, and vefted in trujlees to be fold for the ufe of the publick: and whereas his faid late Majefiy, by letters patents bearing date the twelfth day of July, in the twelfth year of his reign, ivas pleased in his great mercy to pardon and difcharge the faid William Mackenzi e, late earl of Seafort, of and from imprifonment, and execution of his per fin, on fuch attainder: and whereas at the time of the file of the eftate of the faid William Mackenzie, late earl of Seafort, for the benefit of the publick, there was an aymear of fe-veral rents, or few duties, payable to the crown, out of the ifiand of Lewis, part of the faid ejlate, amounting to the fum of three thousand nine hundred and fixteen poirnds, thirteen /hillings and four pence fierling, zuhicb were payable to the crown out of the rents and profits of the faid efiate fi fold, which your Majefiy, out of your fingular bounty and goodnefs to the faid William Mackenzie late earl of Seafort, and in confideration of the firaitened cinumfiances which he with his family were in, was gracioufiy pleased to grant, allow, and order to be paid unto him, as your Majefiy s royal bounty, towards the fupport of himfelf and family ; but by reafon of the faid attainder, the faid William Mackenzie late earl of Seafort, is not only in danger of lofing the produce and benefit of the faid fum of' three thousand nine hundred and fixteen pounds, thirteen /hillings, and four pence fierling, fo given to him by your Majejlys goodnefs, but is expofed to manifold injuries; for the redrefs of which he cannot apply to any court of juftice, and is difabled to acquire or fucceed to any ejlate, or to provide for himfelf and his unfortunate family, becaufe of the incapacities and difabilities occafioncd by the faid attainder, &c.

CAP. XXIII.

An a£t for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the lervice of the year one thousand ieven hundred and thirty five. Exp, ns. in the pound.

The



r735*3 Anno oftavo Georgii IT. c. 23.	531

■Ths county of Devon and afting comml/Iioners exonerated from paying the arrear to the land tax in 1731, occafioned by the fire at Tiverton.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Application of aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either the money by loans or exchequer bills, upon one adl of this feffion of par- granted this liament, intituled, An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Mage fly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted and continued, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame adt, and all the intereft, premium, or rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties fhall be fa-	#	.

tisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer upon one other adt of this feffion of parliament, intituled. Sinking fund. An aft for enabling his Majefiy to apply the fum of one million out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, of the furpluffes, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, at any time before the feaft day of the annunciation of the blefted Virgin Mary, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix; and all the monies coming into the exchequer by loans upon one other adl of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft Salt aft. for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years, and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to he paid for the indentures and contra ft s of clerks and apprentices, and fo much mo# ney (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted or continued, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans made, or to be made on the fame adl, and all the intereft and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raffing the faid duties fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer either by loans or exchequer bills upon this adl, and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as (hall be or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made oti this adl, and all the intereft, premium, or rate, or charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raffing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved to discharge the fame; (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefted, fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch re-ftridlions as are herein after prelcribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enadled and declared, That out of all or any the aids or fup- 1,75$,914.1. 9s, plies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any for naval fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million feven hun- ervices* dred fifty eight thousand nine hundred and fourteen pounds, nine (hillings, and feven pence, for or towards the naval fervices

Mm?,	herein



53*

I0,0'0 1

for

Greenwich

hofpital.

104,4.5;!. 5s. 3d. for the office of ordnance.

Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 23. [i 735•

herein after more particularly expreffed, that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half pay to lea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards other fervices of the navy, performed and to be performed.

CXLIII. And it is hereby enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds upon account lor or towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in thefervice of their country.

CXLIV. And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefiiid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred and four thousand four hundred fifty three pounds, five fhillings, and three pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed, and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervices, not provided for by parliament.

CXLV. And it is hereby likewife enabled, That out of all

or any the aids or fupplies, provided as aforefaid, there (hall and

may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ex-

c t ' ceeding one million one hundred fifty nine thousand fix hundred 1,159,6211. is.	J	.

id. farthincr twenty one pounds, one (hilling, and a penny rarthing, tor or

for the land towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices forces.	herein after more particularly expreffed; that is to fay, any fum

794,5119!. 4s. or fums of money not exceeding feven hundred ninety four 7_d. halfpenny thousand five hundred twenty nine pounds, four (hillings, and for the forces feven pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of twenty five tain^rCat^~ thousand feven hundred forty four men, including commifiion and non-commidion officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independent companies for the fervice of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five; and any fum or fums 715,710!. 6s. of money not exceeding two hundred and fifteen thousand feven torthf^an117 ^un^re<^ an^ ten Poun~s, fi* (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, tations P&c ~ f°r maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royaly Canfo, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds, nine (hillings, and two pence, upon account, fioners^f for out penfio-ners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand Chellea hofi feven hundred and thirty five; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand two hundred feventy three pounds,

one

18,850!. 9s. 2.d. for out-

pital.



1735*1 Anno oftavo Georgii II. c. 23.

one (hilling, and (even pence farthing, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand three hundred ninety three pounds, five (hillings and eleven pence, to compleat the fum of eighty one thousand five hundred fixty eight pounds, five (hillings and eleven pence, for fervices incurred by augmenting his  Majesty’s forces, and in Concerting fuch other meafures as the exigency of his  Majesty’s affairs have required; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty nine thousand eight hundred thirty four pounds, thirteen (hillings and four pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, fubjecft ne-verthelefs to fuch rules to fie obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand feven hundred and eighty pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of fuch reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five; which faid fum of three thousand feven hundred and eighty pounds, (hall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majesty final], by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direcft or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their aftigns, according to fuch efta-blifhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjedt to fuch conditions, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances

533

10,2731 IS. 7<1. farthing, for extraordinary fervices not provided for byparliament. 10,393!. 5s.

1 id. for defraying the expence in augmenting the forces, &c. 49,834.1. 13. 4d. tor half-pay officers.

3,780!. for penfions to widows of reduced officers.

for the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch or the like warrant or warrants, (hall be gracioufly pleased to direct or appoint; and 6 , 0j por any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty fix thousand two the fublidy to hundred and fifty pounds, on account of the fubfidy payable to the king of the king of Denmark, purfuant to the treaty bearing date the Denmark, nineteenth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty five.

CXLVI. And it is hereby alfo enacfted, That out of all or 36,405i. I5S. ^ny the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and farthing may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceed- for deficien-ing thirty fix thousand four hundred and five pounds, fifteen'cies °* 5he (hillings and four pence farthing, towards making good the de- Srantoin 1734* ficiency of the grants for the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four.

CXLVIL And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty feven thousand five hundred fifty feven pounds, 37,557. 13s. thirteen (hillings and four pence, for making good the deficiency 4-d. tor defi-of the fund commonly called The general fund, for railing feven C1en\^-a|Sbind** hundred twenty four tfipufand eight hundred forty nine pounds, f^oool. for ”

Mm3	fix	the Britifl*



534

forts of the African company.

&o,ooo-l. for the colony of Georgia.

4,0001. for St. fceter Weft-mi niler,

3,500 1. for St

Ivlargaret’s

Weftminfter.

Limitation of the fums to the uies directed.

Rales to be ob-ferved in the application of balf-pay.

Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 23. E1735-

fix (hillings and ten pence, and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thousand feven hundred and thirty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of the Briti/h forts and fettlements belonging to the royal African company of Eng-land, on the coafts of Africa; and there fhall and may be iffued to the truftees for eft abli filing the colony of Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty fix thousand pounds, by them to be applied towards fettling and fecuring the faid colony; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, towards the repair of the collegiate church of Saint Peter IVefminfler; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand five hundred pounds, for the repair of the tower and roof of the parifti church, of Saint Margaret’s Wejiminjlcr.

CXLVIII. And be it enadted, That the faid aids or fupplies provided, as aforefaid, fhall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies, or other payments diredted to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other a<5t or adts of this prefent fefiion of parliament.

CXLIX. And as to the faid fum of forty nine thousand eight hundred thirty four pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four pence, by this a6t appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it is hereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, that the rules herein after prefcribed fhall be duly obferved intheap-plicationthereof;that isto fay,Thatnoperfon fhallhaveorreceive any part of the fame, who was a minor* and under the age of fixteen years, at the time, when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did actual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commif-fion fincc; that no part of the fame {hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftabliftiment of half-pay in Great Britain.

CL. And zvhereas by an aH of parliament made in the feventh year of his Majefy s reign, intituled, An act for enabling his Ma-jefty to apply the fum of one million two hundred thoufand,

pounds



535

f 735•] Anno oftavo GeorGH II, c. 24.

pounds out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament, feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majefy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffied, among ft which, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty tivo thousand fix hundred and ninety pounds, fifteen /hillings, and ten pence, zew appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his majefy s landforces and marines, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the /aid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were pref-cribed in that behalf 5 now it is hereby provided, enafted, and declared, that fo much of the faid fum of fifty two thousand fix Surplus of^the hundred and ninety pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence,	”

as is or fhall be more than fufficient to fatisfy and pay the faid for half pay reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the faid aft pre-how to be dif-feribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of P°fed °f* fuch overplus, fhall and may be difpofed of to fuch officers, who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice or otherwife his Majesty fhall judge to be proper objefts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal ftgn manual, as fhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this-aft, or the faid former aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Cap. xxiv.

An act to explain and amend an aft puffed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An aft for the relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons.

WHEREAS ^ ^ was made in the fecond year of his pre- preamble re-fent Majesty s reign, intituled. An aft for the relief of citing the afts, debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons; which z Geo. 2. c. 22. aft was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer : and whereas an %cz aft zvas made in the third year of his prefent Majefy s reign, inti- 3 eo* 2‘ * z7° tuled. An aft for explaining and amending an aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, an aft for the relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons \ both zuhich faid afts expire ivith this prefent feffion of parliament ; be it therefore The faid afts enafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the*urt^er conri-advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- ^rch°\5 mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho- &c.	’	X74Q>

rity of the fame, That the laid afts, and the feveral articles and Exception, claufes therein contained, not hereby altered (except the claufe further conti• in the faid firft-mentioned aft, for fetting mutual debts one*“^ ^ 2I<^eo-» againft the other) fhall, together with the alterations and amend- “* ’ ments herein after made, be and remain in full force and virtue until the twenty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year pf our jLord one thousand feven hundred and forty, and from

M m 4	thence



S36

The time limited for exhibiting petitions.

Anno octavo GeoRgii II. c.24.	[*735*

thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

II And to prevent perfons who may be charged in execution from lying in prifon until they have fpent their iubftance, wherewith they fhould fatisfy their creditors, and afterwards taking the benefit of the faid recited adts when they have nothing left to deliver up to their creditors; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after the expiration of this prefent feffion of parliament, no perfon charged, or to be charged in execution, lhall be( allowed or permitted to exhibit a petition to any of the courts of law from whence the procefs iffued, as is provided in the faid recited adts, or one of them, unlefs fuch petition be exhibited before the end of the firPcterm, which (lull be next after the end of this feffion of parliament, or before the end of the term which fhall be next after fuch perfon fhall be charged in execution.

Ill And whereas running of cuftomahle and prohibited goods-As grown to an exceffiive height, and carried on with great violence by evil perfons in defiance of the law, who do mid may attempt to ref cue fuch perfons as floall or may be taken by virtue of a capias ; and it is therefore not fafe for perfons fo taken, to be carried by the officer to a private hcufe, as is provided in the faid recited afts, or one of them ; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited Perfons taken^a(r^s^ or any part Qf them? flvall not relate to any perfon who rum^n^of cu- b® taken by virtue of a capias for running of cuftomable fromabfe goods or prohibited goods, or for receiving fuch goods, knowing them may befecuredto be run ; but it fhall and may be lawful for any officer oroffi-as before the cers t0 fecure fuch perfon or perfons as lhall be taken by virtue of fuch capias for the crimes aforementioned, in fuch manner as might have been lawfully done, if the faid recited adts had never been made.

The cl a nfe in IV* -And whereas the provifion for fetting mutual debts one againfl the firit recit- the other, is highly juft and reafonable at all times; be it therefore ed a61 relating further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid claufe in the faid iirft recited adt, for fetting mutual debts one againft the other, lhall be and remain in full force for ever.

V. And be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That by virtue of the faid claufe in the faid firft recited adt contained, and hereby made perpetual, mutual debts may be fet againft each other, either by being pleaded in bar, or given in evidence on the general iffue, in the manner therein mentioned, notwithftanding that fuch debts are deemed in law to be of a different nature ; unlefs in cafes where either of the faid debts fhall accrue by reafon of a penalty contained in any bond or fpecialty ; and in all cafes where either the debt for which the adtion hath been or fhall be brought, or the debt intended to be fet againft the fame hath; accrued, or lhall accrue, by reafon of any fuch penalty, the debt intended to be fet off, lhall be pleaded in bar, in which plea lhall be (hewn how much jis truly and juftly due on either fide ; and in cafe the plaintiff lhall recover in any luch adtion or fuit, judgernnt fhall be en.-

tred

palTing th°fe a6ts.

to mutual debts, made perpetual.

Exception.



537

1735.3 Anno o6tavo Georgii II. c. 25.	>-

tred for no more than (hall appear to be truly and juftly due to the plaintiff, after one debt being fet againfl: the other as aforefaid.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That in all cafes wherein by the faid a efts, or either of them, an oath is required, the folemn affirmation of any perfon being a tion fhall be 'uater, fhall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; taken in lieu and every perfon making fuch affirmation, who (hall be con-°f anoatil vicled of wilful and falfe affirming, (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are inflidled and impofed by any laws and ftatutes of this realm upon perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

CAP. XXV.

An a 51 to indemnify pro left ant pur chafers of efiates of papiftsy againfl the penalties or forfeitures papifts are liable to for not having inroiled their efiates, in purfuance of an a5l of the third year of King George the firfl for that purpofe.

WHEREAS in and by an a5l paffed in the third year of theVre amble, re-reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfl, intituled, c*ting 3 Geo. An a& for explaining an acft paffed in the laft feffion of parlia- J‘ c> l8* jnent, intituled, an a5i to.-obligepapifh to regijler their names and real efiates, and for enlarging the time for fuch regiftring, and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants 3 it was enabled, That no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interefl therein,

Jbottld pafs from any papifl by any deed or will, except fuch deed, within fix months after the date thereof and fuch will, zvithin fix months after the death of the tefiator, Jhould be inr oiled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the faid county or counties ivherein the manors, lands, and tenemc?its lay, by the cuftos rotulorum, and two juflices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the faid county or counties, or two of them at the leaf, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one : and whereas many purchafes made by prolefiants fmce the making of the faid a51 may be in danger of being impeached or called in queftion, by reafon that fome deeds or wills neceffary to make out the title, have not been duly inr oiled according to the diredlions of the faid aft: May it therefore pleafe your mod: excellent Majesty, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no purchafe really and truly made on or before the Purchafes for twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and valuable confix thirty five, for a full and valuable confideration, of any manors	macie

meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any in-iereft therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, of any papift or nottobeavoid-papifts, and merely and only for the benefit of proteftants, fhall ed, though not be impeached or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will regiftredf neceffary to make out the title to the fame hath not been duly inrolled according to the faid a<5tj provided that fuch deed or \ca kV2Q sept*

will y



538

I735, as di-redted by the faid aft.

This aft not to extend to judgments already given.

Preamble, reciting the a-greement between Sir Wil liam Cow per, See. and Lincoln's Inn.

Anno oftavo Georgii II. c.26.	[x735^

will (hall be inrolled on or before the twenty ninth day of September , in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted ; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void or annul any judgment or judgments already given againft any perfon or perfons, who hath or have incurred the penalties of the faid aft for not inrolling as aforefaid.

CAP. XXVI.

An aSt to enable the prefent and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Lincoln’s Inn Fields, in the county of Middlefex, to make a rate on themfelves, for raifing money fufficient to inclofey clean, and adorn the faid fields.

WHEREAS in and by certain articles of agreement bearing date the nineteenth day of June, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and fifty feven, made, or men-- tioned to be made, between Sir William Cowper ^Ratling Court, in the county of Kent, baronet, Robert Henley of the Middle Temple, London, efquire, and James Cowper ^Lincoln’s Inn, in the county of Middlefex, efquire, all fince deceafed, of the one part; Sir Liflebon Long knight (then recorder of the city 0/London) Nicholas Eranklyn, Thomas Williams, William Prynne, Richard Raynsford, Robert Afhton, Thomas Darcy, Thomas Beverley, Edward Harris, and William Glafcock, efquires, all of them then mafiers of the bench of the faid fociety of Lincoln’s Inn, and perfons nominated in trufl for the faid fociety, and all fince deceafed ^ of the other party, therein reciting, That the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, were interefied in the inheritance of Cup Field, in an indenture to the faid articles annexed mentioned, and had defigned the continuance of one row or range of buildings, called Portugal Row, in the faid field eaflward towards Lincoln’s Inn ivall, and of one other row or range of buildings along the north fide of the faid fields leading from the buildings lately ere Sled by one Newman, on the north wefi fide of the faid field to Turn Stile; and alfo reciting, That the faid fociety of Lincoln’s Inn were interefted in the benefit and advantage of the pro-fpecl and air of the faid fields but were willing and contented that the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, might proceed in their faid defign and undertaking of the faid building, with fuch caution and provifion for the beautifying and a-doming the intended building, and for levelling and plaining the faid field, and cafiing the fame into walks, and for prevention of any future building thereupon, in fuch manner as in the faid articles, the indenture thereunto annexed, and an indenture of demife bearing even date therewith, ivas exprefjed; the faid articles witnejfed, and it was.

thereby.



539

1735.3	Anno	octavo Georgii II. c. 26.

thereby mutually declared, concluded, covenanted and agreed., by and between all the parties thereto, and the faid Sir William Cowper,

Robert Henley, and James Cowper, did, for them [elves, their heirs, executors, adminijlrators and ajfigns, covenant, promife, grant and agree, to and with the faid Sir Liflebon Long, the faid other truflees, their executors and adminiftrators, as follow eth: fir ft,

Jfihat the tivo rows or ranges intended to be built, as aforefaid, fioould Heads of tlie bear equal proportion in front, height, breadth, ftrength and beauty agreement. with Portugal Row, or in a more firm or beautiful manner: alfo, that there fhould be forty foot by the fiandard difiance between each of the [aid rows or ranges of buildings, and Lincoln’s Inn wall: alfo, that all the reft and refidue of the faid field Jhould, within tzvo years then next, at the cofis and charges of the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, be levelled, plained and cafi into grafts plotts and gravel walks of conve?rient breadth, railed all along on each fide, and fet with rows of trees, according to a plott or model thereto annexed\ and that for the future no building, other than the [aid two rows pr ranges, Jhould be eredled upon the faid field, or any part thereof (except one water-houfe in the middle of the faid field, which JJmild not exceed in proportion the breadth of ten yards fquare) alfo, that the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert tlenley, and James Cowper, the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the heirs of ftuch furvivor, Jhould at their charges build and fet up, in the middle of the faid wall ^Lincoln’s Inn, a large pair of gates, and freefone fairs, with a fair and eafty defcent out of the walks belonging to the [aid fociety, into the [aid field, for the ufe and conveniency of the fiudents of the [aid fociety: and the [aid Sir Liflebon Long, and other the faid truflees, on behalf of the faid fociety, thereby agreed, that the faid Sir William Cowper,

Robert Henley, and James Cowper, Jhould and might carry on their faid building, in the fort and manner therein and herein before expreftfed, and not otherwife, without any lett or difiurbance of the faid fociety, as in and by the [aid in part recited articles, relation thereunto being had, may more fully and at large appear: and where- Indenture of as by indenture of infeoffment, with livery and fteifin thereon indorfted, feoffment. bearing even date with the [aid recited articles, and made between the fame parties, therein reciting more at large the agreement between the faid parties, to the ejfeft herein before fet forth ; it is thereby vjitneffed, "That the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper [to the intent the reft and rejidue of the faid field might be kept open for the air, and not built upon further than as by the faid articles was agreed) in confideration of five findings, did granty bargaih, fell, infeoff and confirm unto the faid Sir Liflebon Long, and the faid other trufiees, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the heirs of ftuch furvivor, all the reft, refidue or body of the [aid field therein, called Copfield alias Cupfield, containing by efiimation, from the eaftl fide of the [aid field, lying next Lincoln’s Inn wall aforefaid, thirty pole, be the fame more or lefts, and from the north fide of the [aid field unto the Jouth fide thereof, thirty and three pole, more or left's, by agreement, according to the [aid articles, not to be built upon \ to hold unto the [aid trufiees.



54°

(Anno o&avo Georgii II. c.±6> [i735.

and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the heirs of fuch fur-vivor, to the ufe of them and their heirs for ever, upon trufl that they Jioould, prefently after the fealing and delivery of the faid indenture, make a leafe of the faid premijfes to the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, their executors, ad-rmniflrators and affigns, for the term of nine hundred years, without impeachment of waffle (other than the erecting new buildings) at one /hilling per annum rent, zvith a covenant, amongjl others, on the part of the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, that the faid premijfe s Jioould at all times thereafter remain and continue under the covenants, limitations, trufs and a-greements therein and herein before mentionedand another covenant for the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, fulfilling and performing the faid agreements, as in and by the faid indenture, relation thereunto being had, may more fully appear: and whereas in and by one other indenture, bearing date the twentieth day of the fame June, one thousand fix hundred and fifty fezJen, the faid Sir Liflebon Long, and other the truflees aforefaid, did make a leafe of the faid field to the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, for the faid term of nine hundred years, without impeachment of wajle, with a provifo to be void, and for the faid truflees re-entry, in cafe of any building on the faid field, by the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, as in and by the faid indenture of leafe doth and may more fully and at large appear: and zvhereas, in purfuance of the faid agreements, the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, proceeded in and fitiijhed their faid two roivs of buildings, from the faid forty foot from Lincoln’s Inn wall aforefaid, up, to, and adjoining to the buildings then ere fled weftward from Lincoln’s Inn wall aforefaid, on a certain field or parcel of ground called Pursfield, and afterwards railed in the faid fields or parcel of ground called Cop-field alias Cupfield, and at the extent of the faid field wefiward, caufed pojls to be fet up, and rails to be made crofs from fouth to north, bounding the fame from the faid field called Purs field; which faid two fields called Copfield alias Cupfield Pursfield contain the buildings and large fquare p'ece or parcel of ground, now and for fome years pafi called Great Lincoln’s Inn Fields : and whereas the faid Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cow-* •per, are all fince dead, and their right and interefl in and to the faid houfes fo built by them, and in and to the faid field called Copfield, othevwife Cupfield, is now 'vefted in Anthony Henley of the Grange, in the county <7/Southampton efquire, and William Cowper of the parifh of Saint James’j, in the county 0/*Middlefex e-fquire, their, fome, or one of their affignee or affigns: and whereas the faid great fquare ?iow called Lincoln’s Inn Fields, fituate in the feveral panfhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Andrew Hoibourn, in the county tf/'Middlefex, hath for fome years pafi laid wajle and in great dif order, whereby the finite has become a receptacle for rubbifh, dirt, and njlinefs of all forts, brought thither, anfi. laid not only by the inhabitants of the faid

fields^



1735']	Annoo&avo Georgii II. c.27.

fields, to	others, which has not been removed or taken away

by the feveral fcavengers of the parijhes wherein the faid fields are fi~ tuate as afore faid; but alfio, for want of proper fences to inclofe the fame, great mifchiefs have happened to many of his Majeftf s fub^ jefts going about their lawful occafions, feveral of whom nave been killed, and others maimed and hurt by horfes, which have been from time to time aired and rode in the faid fields; and, by reafon of the faid fields being kept open, many wicked and diforderly per fins have frequented and met together therein, ufing unlawful fports and games, and drawing in and enticing young perjons into gaming, idlenefi, and other vicious courfes; and vagabonds, common beggars, and other difir derly perfons refort therein, where many robberies, affaults, outrages, and enormities have been, and continually are committed, not-witkfiatiding the watch or guard allowed by the feveral parijhes, wherein the faid fields are fituate, for preventing the fame: and whereas the f011th, wefi, and north parts of the faid fields are in-compaffed with houfes, many of ivhich are inhabited by the owners and proprietors thereof, who with the other inhabitants cannot go to and from their refpeftive habitations in the night feafin without danger, and therefore are defirous to prevent any mifchiefs for the future, and to inclofe, clean, repair, and beautify the faid fields in a graceful 7nanner, and are willing and defirous that an adequate contribution may for that purpofi be raifed by and Qmongjl themfelves : wherefore and to the end the faid fields may be inclofed, cleanf-ed, and adorned, and kept in repair for the future, the faid proprietors and inhabitants do moft humbly befeech your moft excellent Majesty that it may be enadled, &c.

The inhabitants to meet 2 June, 1735, and choofe 21 truftees. 20s. penalty on any perfon annoying the faid fields or houfes after z June, 1735. To be levied by diftrefs. The offender may be committed till he fhalt remove the annoyance. 50I. penalty on continuing incroachments after that time, 4.0 s. penalty on unlawful aifemblies or iports, riding horfes, See. The truftees, and perfons appointed by them, may dig gravel, fand. See. in the faid fields for the ufes of this a£t. Yearly rates to be proportioned and raifed. Landlords to pay for empty houfes, Sec. Tenants to pay the rates, and dedudt their landlords proportion out of the rent. Truftees to choofe a collector and receiver. Imprifonment on not ac-* counting. Diftrefs on non-payment of the rates in ten days after demand. The fquare of Lincoln’s Inn Fields after 24 June, 1735, to he a diftinft ward as to the fcavenger and watch, and the refpe&ive parifhes exonerated. The truftees may grant annuities for 32 years. Money paid for annuities to be regiftred, and proper inftruments figned by the truftees to be granted thereon, and the yearly rates chargeable with the repayment. Truftees may incumber the faid rates with mortgages as well as annuities* if they think convenient; but not to exceed 60001.

CAP. XXVII.

An a£l for rebuilding the parifli church of Saint Leonard Shdreditch in the county of Middlelex.

Nine or more of the truftees may caufe the old church to be pulled down, and a new one to be built. The expences to be borne out of the funeral rates, as fettled by indenture 8 April, 1735. The full rates to be paid for burials of perfons dying in the faid parifh, but buried elfewhere, during this a£b Rep. 11 Geo. 2. c. 23. The vef-try within two months to nominate 12 inhabitants, out of which the truftees are to choofe 4 perfons to collect the rates, and fo on every

T uefday



54-£	Anno oftavo Georgii II. 0.25,29. C1735*

TueSday in Eafter week yearly. Perfons ferving as colle£tors difcharg-ed from the office of fcavenger. Qolledlors refuting to account, to be^ imprisoned. Trutiees may borrow money and grant annuities on the rates, not exceeding 8000 1. at S 1. 10 s. per cent. Deficiency in annuities to be Supplied by an afleffment on lands, &c. but not to exceed is*, hi the pound of the yearly rent; two thirds to be paid by the landlord, and the other third by the tenants. The payment of thefe aflefiments /hall not Entitle to a fettlement. The rates to commence from 1 June, 1735, and be continued no longet than necetiary; and then the ancient rates for funerals to be paid. The vetiry, with confenfc of the trutieesj may make alterations in the burial duties, fo as not to exceed in the total, the ufual rates.

CAP. XXVIII.

An a£t to explain and make more effe&ual the Several a£h made and paf-fed for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehoufe and Hampkead, in the county of Middlefex, fo far as the fame relate to the Statute work to t>e done upon the Said highways, or compositions to be made in iieu of the fame.

CAP. XXIX.

An a5l for the application of the rents and profits of the ejlates forfeited by the attainders of Joints late earl of ■ Derwentwater, and Charles Raddiffe.

Preamble, re-. \\T H E R E A S James late earl ^Derwentwater was, in the citing the acts W year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, iGeo.i.c.50. attainted of high treafon, and executed for the fame: and whereas Charles Raddiffe was aifo attainted of high treafon, in the year of our Lord one thou (and J'even hundred and fix teen: and whereas by virtue of an a 51 of parliament made and pajfed in the fir ft year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, intituled, An a61 for appointing commiffioners to enquire of the efiates of certain traitors and popifn recufants, and of eftates given to luperfti-tious ufes, in order to raife money out of them feverally for 9 Geo.i. c.19. the ufe of the publick; and of one other aff made in the ninth year of his faid late Majefiy s reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies3 and for relief of William late lord Widdringion; and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom; and for afcertaining the duties on bound books imported; and for iffuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned; and for difcharging the duties of rock fait loft on the rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the times of continuance of commiffioners for forfeited eftates in England and Scotland refpedlively; and for appropriating the flip plies granted to his Majeftyjn this feffion of parliament; and to redtify mifnomers and omiffions of com-miffioners for the land tax, in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty three; and of one other a5l made in the fifth 5 Geo.2. c.23. year of bis prefent Majefiy s reign, intituled, An a61 for making . void the feveral contradts, for fale of the eftate of fames late earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith efquire, and aifo of the annuity of two hundred pounds during the life of Charles Rad-

(lift*



543

1735*3 Anno oftavo Georgii II. c.29.

cliffij and the arrears thereof, to Mattbeiv White efquire, and the feveral conveyances made in purfuance of the fame; and of other afts of parliament made and paffed in the reign of his faid late Majefiy, the barony, manor, or lordjhip of Langley, in the county of Northumberland, and divers other manors, lord/hips, mejfuages, lands, tenements, rents,	hereditaments, belonging to him the faid

James izte #?r/ ^Derwentwater,	/zzW	Charles	Radcliffe,

became vefted in his then Majefiy,	now vejled in his prefent

Majejly for the ufe of the publick: and whereas by the faid aft of the fifth year of his prefent Majejly's reign, the feveral contrails which had been made for the J'ale of the faid premises to the faid William Smith and the faid Matthew White ivere fet afitde, and made abfolutely void, and power was thereby given to the court of Exchequer to order the faid premijfes to be fold again, fubjeft to fuch claims and demands as had been allowed by the commijfioners and trufiees named in and according to an aft of the fourth year of his faid late Majefiy's reign, for fuch efiate and interejl as was vefted in his Majefiy by virtue of the faid feveral attainders, and of the faid aft of the ninth year of his faid late Majefiy, and of the faid aft of the fifth year of his prefent Majefiy; and the pur chafe money was to be paid into the receipt of his Majefiy's exchequer, to be applied and difpofed of according to any aft or afts of parliament then after to be made for that purpofe; and till fuch fale., the re?its and profits were to be applied and difpofed of according to any future aft or afts of parliament to be made for that purpofe: and ivhereas there noiv The Turn now remains in the receipt of his Majefiy's exchequer the fum of fieven remaining m thousand one hundred eighty two pounds, thirteen frilling s, which the cxchecluer« hath arifen out of the rents and profits of the faid premijfes fo vejled in his Majefiy as aforefaid; and there are alfo feveral jiims of money in the hands of the colieftors and receivers, and due and in arrear from the tenants and farmers of the faid premijfes: and whereas the annuity or rent charge, and'alfo the feveral mortgages and incumbrances of and upon the faid efiate of the faid late earl ^Derwent water, or feme part thereof (herein after particularly mentioned) have been regularly claimed and allowed according to the dir eft ion of the faid aft of the fourth year of his faid late Majefiy's reign; and there is now due, owing, iffuing, and payable out of the faid efiate, or feme part thereof, to the Jeveral per fens herein after named, the feveral fums of money and annuity herein after mentioned; that is to fay, to claims allow-the right honourable Robert James lord Petre, the fum of twenty ed to be paid thousand pounds principal money, with the inter eft thereof; to Cuth- out of the bert Conftable alias Tunftall, of Burton Conftable in Holder- Prem^es* nefs in the comity of Y ork efquire, upon mortgage, the fum of five thousand nine hundred pounds principal money, be fries inter eft; to Mary Chamberlain fpinfier, Edward Hopkins of the city of Coventry efquire and Anna Maria his wife, Richard Luther efquire and Charlotte his wife, upon mortgage, the fum of three thousand pounds principal money, befides inter eft; to the lady Catharine Radcliife, fecond daughter ^Francis late carl of Derwentwater, one annuity or yearly rent , charge of one hundred pounds, clear of all-taxes, for the term of her natural life, with the arrears thereof;



544	Anno	oftavo	Georgii	II.	C.29;	[1735.

to the end therefore that the faid fums of money, and all the rents, iffues and profits of the premises, during the continuance of his  Majesty’s faid eftate and intereft therein for the ufe of the publick as aforefaid, may, fubjedt to the payments here-j in before and herein after mentioned, be difpofed of and applied to the ufe and benefit of the publick, and in eafe of his  Majesty’s good lubjedls; we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje?ts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do mod humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enacfted; and be it enadled by the King's moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 7,iS2l. 13 s. assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid fum now in the ex- 0f feVen thousand one hundred eighty two pounds, and thir-c 1 ear hi ^ t h ^ teen ^'^^ngs5 f° arifing 2nd produced out of the rents and pro-incum’Drances, fits of the faid premiffes, and remaining in the receipt of the appropriated exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be iffued, appropriated and ap-to the finulnng plied, in the firft place for the paying and clearing off all in-if f	tereft	anc^	arrears	the	faid annuity of one hundred pounds a

p L * year and incumbrances herein before mentioned, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty five; and after payment thereof the furplus and refidue of the faid fum of feven thousand one hundred eighty two pounds, and thirteen (hillings, (hall (except as is herein after,excepted) be appropriated and applied, and is hereby appropriated and applied, towards the building and finifhing of the royal hofpi-tal for feamen at Greenwich.

The applica- II. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore-tion of the ar- faid. That all fums of money colleded and received by the rerears.	fpedtive	receivers	of	the	rents	and	profits	of the faid premiffes

fo forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforefaid, which were not paid into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty live, and all arrears of rents and profits of the fame premiffes due and owing from the feve-ral farmers, tenants and occupiers of any part or parts thereof at or on the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, and all the rents, iffues and profits of the faid premiffes which (hall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, grow, accrue, or become due and payable, for and during his  Majesty’s faid eftate and intereft in the faid premiffes (fubjedl in the firft place to the payment of the faid annuity of one hundred pounds a year as the fame fhall grow due, and of all principal and intereft due and to grow due upon the feveral incumbrances herein before-mentioned) fhall be iffued and applied, and are hereby appropriated and applied, to the ufes and for the purpofes following ; that is to fay, in the firft place for and towards the finifhing and compleating the building of the faid royal holpital for feamen at Greenwich, and after the building of the fame royal hofpital (hall be compleated

and



Anno oflavo Georgii II. c. 29.	545

and finiftied, for and towards the fupport of the faid royal' hofpital for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the fervice of their country.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled and declared by the au- His Majefty’s

thority aforefaid, That the faid premiffes fo forfeited and veiled in right to the

his Majesty as aforefaid, fhall not be fold (except as herein af-	not

. J J ,, , n 1,	• , v . r n .... to be fold,

ter is excepted) but mall remain and continue veiled m his Exception«

Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors (fubjedtto, and charged, and

chargeable with the faid annuity of one hundred pounds a

year, and incumbrances aforefaid, and the payment thereof iri

the firft place) for fuch eftate and intereft as aforefaid, for the

purpofes of this a61; any thing in the faid a61 of the fifth year

of the reign of his prefent A4ajefty contained to the contrary noU

withftanding.

IV.	And, to the end and intent that all and every the rents, iffues and profits of the faid premiffes, fo forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforefaid, may be effedtually levied, paid, and applied for the purpofes of this a61 5 be it further enacted by

the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and His Majesty for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, by iign manual to au-thorize and impower the commiftioners or governors of the faid loners™*? the royal hofpital for the time being, or any feveif^or more of them, faid hofpital to to appoint Rewards, receivers, or bailiffs of the faid premifles fo appoint Stew-forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforefaid, for and during ards> &c* the faid eftate and intereft of his Majesty, his heirs and luccef-fors, in the fame premiffes, and to inveft therri with full power to receive the rents, iffues and profits thereof, and to give receipts, dilcharges and acquittances for the fame, and to hold courts, and to do and perform all a61s, matters and things ne-ceflaryfor thg managing the faid premiffes, ufually done and performed by ftewards, receivers and bailiffs, and alfo to affigii and allow fuch falaries and rewards to the faid ftewards, receivers and bailiffs, as the faid commiftioners or governors of the faid royal hofpital for the time being, or any feven or more of them, fhall think requifite and neceffary in that behalf.

V.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucccffors, from time to time, during the continuance of the faid eftate and intereft of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, in the faid premiffes, to authorise and impower the commiftioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital for the time being, to grant leafes of the pre-

iniffes fo forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforefaid, or of an4 t0 Srant any part or parts thereof, unto any perfon or perfons for any ea es* term or number of years not exceeding twenty one years, to take effedl in poffeftion and not in reverfton, fo as there be referved to continue payable during the terms in fuch leafes to be granted the beft and moft improved yearly rent and rents that can be had or gotten for the fame, without taking any fine, premium, or free gift, and fo as there be contained in all fuch leafes a con- The condb *3ition of re-entry for non-payment of the rent and rents there- \lons of

Vol. XVI.	Nn	byJealcs-



Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 29.	[*7}5i

by refpe&ively to be referved, andfo as the refpetftive leflees execute counterparts of all fuch leafes, and fo as no claufe be contained in any of the faid leafes, giving power to any leflee to commit wafte, or exempting him, her or them from punifhment for committing the fame.

6 months no- VI. And be it further enabled, That the faid commiflU in the Gazette oners or governors of the faid royal hofpital fhall give publick. before grant- not^ce ^ the London Gazette of the time and place when and ing leafes. where fuch eftates are intended to be lett,fix months at lead: before the expiration of the term for which the faid eftates are now or fhall be hereafter lett.

VII.	And whereas it may be found necejfary and expedient to fell and difpofe of fome part or parts of the faid premijfesto pay off and difcharge the faid Jeveral mortgages and incumbrances herein before-mentioned (except the faid annuity of onehundred pounds a year) provided thereto^ mad ^ore’ anc* it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That 9 it fhall and may be lawful for the attorney-general of his Majef-ty his heirs and fucceflors, by his or t-heir dire&ion, or for the faid feveral mortgagees and incumbrancers herein before named, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, or any of them, to apply to his  Majesty’s court of Exchequer at JVeftminfer, by motion in a fummary way, for the fale of the abfolute fee-fimple -and inheritance of fuch part or parts of the faid barony, manors, lordfhips, mefluages, farms, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, charged with the faid refpedlive incumbrances, as fhall be fufficient for the difcharge thereof, to anyperfon orper-fons being proteftants, upon which motion it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of Exchequer to make fuch order or orders, and give fuch directions for fuch fale or fales, as the faid court fhall think proper, and for caufing publick notice to be given thereof, as is ufual in cafes of eftates direc-ed to be fold by decrees in courts of equity, and to make and give fuch other orders and diredtions therein, as to that court in their difcretion fhall feem juft ; and the money arifing by fuch fale or fales fhall be applied by the diredlion of the faid court to the difcharge of the faid incumbrances ; and in cafe there fhall happen to be any furplus of the faid purchafe money, the fame fhall be applied for the benefit of the faid hofpital; and upon payment and application of fuch purchafe money as aforefaid, one or more grant or grants, aflurance or afturances of fuch parts and parcels of the faid eftates as fhall be fo fold and paid for as aforefaid, fhall be made and palled under the great Teal of Great Britain to every fuch purchafer or purchafers, his her or their heirs and afiigns ; and all and every perfon and per-fons making any fuch purchafe, and having any fuch grant or grants, aflurance or afturances, as aforefaid, fhall, from the time of the making fuch grantor grants, aflurance or afturances, be, and are hereby adjudged to be feized of and inti tied to the abfolute fee-fimple, and in the adlual pofteftion, of fuch part and parts of the faid premises as fhall be fo purchafed and conveyed.

VIII.	PtO-



s735*1 Anno o&avo Georgii II. c. 29.	54j

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and and mortga-declared, That upon full payment of the principal, intereft, §eestofonv^' and cofts due and to grow due, upon the faid feveral mortgages

or fecurities hereinbefore mentioned, the faid mortgagees, and incumbrancers, and their truftees, fhall aflign and convey their refpective fecurities on the eftates which fhall be fo fold, to the refpective purchafers thereof, or to any perfon or perfons to be named by fuch purchafers refpectively, at the cofts of fuch pur-chafer, in fuch manner, and by fuch conveyances, as the faid court of Exchequer fhall direct; and fo much of the faid premif-fes included in fuch mortgages and incumbrances which fhall , remain unfold, fhall, at the cofts of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, be afligned and conveyed by fuch mortgagees and incumbrancers to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, or to fuch other perfon or perfons, as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors fhall direct and appoint, fubject neverthelefs to the directions herein contained for applying the rents and profits thereof as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The commif-the commiffioners or governors of the faid royal hofpital fhall Goners may and are hereby required to contract and agree with able and fuf- ^ftstbi'^nifh ficient tradefmen, artificers, or other perfons, for finifhing and the hofpi-~ compleating the faid royal hofpital in a workmanlike and fub-tal, and are to ftsntial manner on the eafieft and moft reafonable terms, ac- lay their an-cording to the plan laid before the houfe of commons in this P11*1 *cf?unts feffion of parliament, and that they do lay their proceedings King^nd^ar-herein with their annual accounts before his Majesty and both liament. houfes of parliament refpectively.

X.	And whereas the encouragement given hy an aft made in the gGeo. i.c. *4,, eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfi> intituled^ An act for the more effectual fuppreffing of piracy, tofea-

men or mariners on hoard any merchant finp or vejfel, extends only to fuch feamenor mariners as fall bte maimed in fight againft any pirate * Seamen maim-be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any feaman edin the mer-or mariner on board any merchant ftiip or veffel belonging to the fhants fervice, fubjects of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be maimed tl*° ^id in fight againft any enemy whatsoever, of his Majesty, his heirs hofpitaJ. or fucceffors, every fuch feaman or mariner fhall be admitted into and provided for in the faid royal hofpital in like manner as any other feaman or mariner wounded or difabled in the.fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That out of the rents and profits of the faid eftate p^fd tcHord now remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer there Gage for his fhall and may be iffued and paid to the lord vifcount Gage in the fervice in rekingdom of Ireland, the fum of two thousand pounds, without covering the account, and clear of all fees and deductions whatsoever, he P^eml es* having been at great charges and expences in recovering the faid

eftate fortheufe of the publick.

XII.	Saving always to the King’s moft excellent majesty, his

heirs Saving claufes.



<*> ti

Anho o^taVo (jEORGli II. G. 30. C4735*

heirs' arid fucceflors, all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claims and demand of, in, unto, or out of the faid premifles, qr any part thereof, as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors might hav£ had, or been intitled unto, in cafe this a6t had never been made (other than, and except fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim and demand, as was or is veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by virtue of the feveral attainders herein before mentioned, or either of them, or of the faid recited adls^of parliament, or any of them, and other than and exqept fqch right, title, eftate* intereft, claim and demand which his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, hath or may have, in or to fuch part or parts of the faid premifles, which fhall be fold purfuant to the directions of this act) anything herein contained to the,contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	-

XIII.	Saving alfo to the faid feveral mortgagees and incumbrancers herein before named (till they (hall be paid off $s afore-faid) and to all and every other perlon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fucceflors, executors, admi-2 Geo. 2.	niftrators and afligns, all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim

► 52*	and demand, of, in, unto, or out of the faid premifles, or any

part thereof (except fuch part or partsof the laid premifles which fhall be fold purfuant to the dire&ions of this a6t) as they orany of them might have had, or been intitled unto, in cafe this adt had never been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

CAP. XXX.

An aft for regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of the elections of members to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAS by the ancient common law of this landy all elections ought to be free: and zvhereas by an aft pafj'ed in the third year of the reign of King Edward the Fuji, of famous memory, it is commanded, upon great forfeiture, that no man by force of anns, nor by malice, or menacing, fhall dijlurb any to make free eleftion : and forafmuch as the freedom of eleftions of members to ferve in parliament , is of the utmojl co?fequence to the prefervation of the rights and liberties of this Kingdom : and whereas it hath been the ufage a?id praftice to caufe any regiment, troops or company, or any ?mmber of foldiers, which hath been quartered in any city, borough, town^, or place where any eleftion of members to ferve in parliament hath been appointed to be made, to remove and continue out of the fame during the time of fuch eleftion, except in fuch particular cafes as are herein after fpecified : To the end therefore that the faid ufage and practice may be fettled and eftablifhed for the future $ be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame* That when and as often as any election of any peer or peers to ^d^rs^in^61* rePr^ent ^ie peers of Scotland in parliament, or of any member

On notice of election of a member, the Secretary at war, or per-fon alfting as fuch, to fer orders in



t735«] Anno oftavo Georgii II. c.30,	54.jp.

or members to ferve in parliament, (hall be appointed to be writing for made, the fecretary at war for the time being, or in cafe there ^e.^vins|bb (hall be no fecretary at war, then luch perfon who (hall officiate Replace in the place of the fecretary at war, (hall and is hereby requir- cf ele&ion. ed at fome convenient time before the day appointed for fuch ele&ion, to iffue and fend forth proper orders in writing for the removal of every fuch regiment, troop, or company, or other number of foldiers, as (hall be quartered or billeted in any fuch city, borough, town or place where fuch election (hall be appointed to be made, out of every fuch city, borough, town or place, one day at the lead before the day appointed for fuch election, to the didance of two or more miles from fuch city, borough, town or place, and not to make any nearer approach to fuch city, borough, town, or place as aforefaid, until one day at the lead after the poll to betaken at fuch eledtion (hall he ended, and the poll books clofed.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the fecretary at war for the time being, or fuch perfon who (hall officiate in the place of the fecretary at war, fhall neg-le6l or omit toiflue or fend forth fuch orders as aforefaid according to the true intent and meaning of thisacd, and (hall be thereof lawfully convicded upon any indidhnent to be preferred at the next affizes, or feffions of oyer and terminer, to be held for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, or on an information to be exhibited in the court of King's Bench within fix months after fuch offence committed, fuch fecretary at war, or

perfon who fhall officiate in the place of the fecretary at war, °n P^n.aky of (hall for fuch offence be difcharged from their faid refpedfiveoffi- office^&c. 15 ces, and (hall from thenceforth be utterly difabled, and made incapable to hold any office or employment, civil or military, in his Majedy’s fervice.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a61 contain-Not to extend ed (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to the city and liber-to Weftmin-ty of IVeJlminJler, or the borough of Southwark, for and in ref- fter or other peel of the guards of his Majedy, his heirs or fucceffors, nor to ^nceofThe* any city, borough, town, or place, where his Majedy, his heirs r0ya} family, or fucceffors, or any of his royal family fhall happen to be or &c.

refide at the time of any fuch eledtion as aforefaid, for or in ref-pe6lof fuch number of troops or foldiers only as fhall be attendant as guards to his Majedy, his heirs or fucceffors, or to fuch other perfon of the royal family as is aforefaid ; nor to any cadle Qr fortj£e<^ fort, or fortified place, where any garrifon is ufually kept, for or p]acej ^ in refpe6t of fuch number of troops or foldiers only whereof fuch garrifon is compofed.

IV.	Provided likewife, That nothing in this a6l contained or any officer, fhall extend, or be condrued to extend, to any officer or foldier &c* having \ who (hall have a right to vote at any fuch ele61ion, as aforefaid,

(but that every fuch officer and foldier may freely,, and without tion!T * interruption, attend and give his vote at fuch eleclion ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-danding.

Voir, XVI.	O	0	V,	Pro-

55°

The fecretary at war, &c. not liable, in cafe of vacan-

*ry>

vinlefs notice . of the writ be given by the clerk of the crown.

Anno G&avo Georgii II. c. 30. C1735*

V.	Provided always. That the fecretary of war, or in cafe there (hall be no fecretary at vyar, then fuch perfon who fhall officiate in the place of the fecretary at war, fhall riot be liable to any forfeiture or incapacity for not fending fuch order, &s afore-faid, upon any election to be made of a member to ferve in parliament on a vacancy of any feat there, unlefs notice of the mak^ ing out any new writ for fuch election fhall be given to him by the clerk of the crown in Chancery or other officer making out any new writ for fuch election, which notice he is hereby directed and required to give with all convenient fpeed after making out the faid writ.

The End of the Sixteenth Volume.

