THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the University;

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1782.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo secundo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. For further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 6. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 7. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any Ships or vessels, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 9. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed, by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 10. For the better detaining, and more easy exchange of American prisoners brought into Great Britain.

Cap. 11. For allowing further time to negotiate, by indorsement, the bonds issued in pursuance of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually carrying into execution certain proposals made by the most noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the most noble Charles duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the annuities granted by the company of the bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Cap. 12. For making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of two acts of parliament, one made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; and the other in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said act as relates to the security of his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any loss or damage in consequence of the said acts.

Cap. 13. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandise exported, and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships; to the allowing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the protection of his Majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper in bars, or copper in sheets; and to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

Cap. 14. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford; and also two collateral cuts therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For the relief of naval officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, with respect to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Cap. 16. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 17. To repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 18. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended, within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Cap. 19. For granting an additional bounty on ships employed in the Greenland and whale fishery; for a limited time.

Cap. 20. To revive and further continue an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs' lard, and grease.

Cap. 21. To extend so much of two acts of the twentieth and twenty first years of his present Majesty's reign, as relate to the sale of, and ascertaining the duties upon, East India goods, to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China; or any country within the limits of the East India company's charter, which have been, or shall, during the present hostilities, be brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize; for equalising the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign snuff into this kingdom; and for preventing, the importation and running of foreign spirituous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in vessels fitted out and armed as privateers.

Cap. 22. For better securing the duties payable, by virtue of an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coals, culm, and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 23. For allowing farther time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 24. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 25. To prohibit the ransoming of ships or vessels captured from his Majesty's subjects, and of the merchandise or goods on board such ships or vessels.

Cap. 26. For providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his Majesty's service in the defence of the island of Minorca, and expelled to arrive soon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 27. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Halling, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheerness, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 28. For granting an additional duty upon tobacco and snuff; and for repealing certain duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 29. For further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the elections of members to serve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. For allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any ports of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Cap. 31. For the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 32. To revive and continue an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Cap. 33. For charging a stamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand.

Cap. 34. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and for consolidating certain annuities, which were made one joint stock by an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, with certain annuities consolidated by several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and several subsequent acts.

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for providing a proper workhouse and burial ground for the use of the said parish; and for opening certain communications, and making certain streets, within the said parish.

Cap. 36. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 37. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochia] place called Posnall, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 38. To permit the importation of British plantation tobacco from any port or place either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present hostilities.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul salt, to be used in manuring of lands.

Cap. 40. For punishing persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any woollen, silk, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for, or used in the manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of two acts, made in the twelfth year of King George the First, and in the sixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the punishment of persons destroying any woollen or silk manufactures, or any implements prepared for, or used therein.

Cap. 41. For better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, by disabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majesty's revenues, from giving their votes at such elections.

Cap. 42. For building a stone bridge cross the river of Thames, from the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, to the opposite shore in the hamlet of Kew, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 43. For making a passage for carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate-street, in the county of Middlesex, and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those purposes the money arisen by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the orphans' fund, for making such passage.

Cap. 44. For amending the pavement in, and for lighting some of the streets, lanes, ways, and places, in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the provisions of an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to amend and render, more effectual several acts made relating to, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent;) and for preventing nuisances and annoyances in or near the same; and for making an opening from Orchard Street, and widening same part of Wood Street, and of Little Peter Street.

Cap. 45. For restraining any person concerned in any contract, commission, or agreement, made for the public service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a member of the house of commons.

Cap. 46. To enable his Majesty to conclude a peace or truce with certain colonies in North America therein mentioned.

Cap. 47. For licensing lottery office keepers, and regulating the sale of lottery tickets.

Cap. 48. For charging a duty on persons whose property shall be insured against loss by fire.

Cap. 49. To rectify a mistake in an act of this session of parliament, with respect to preventing the importation and running of tea into this kingdom, in armed vessels having letters of mark, or other commissions from the admiralty.

Cap. 50. For further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 51. To discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damage, interests, and losses, in respect to their having made default in certain payments due to the public, on such payments being made at a future stipulated time; and to enable the said Company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their stock for the present year.

Cap. 52. For preventing the slaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom.

Cap. 53. To repeal an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 54. For restraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

Cap. 55. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 56. More effectually to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a workhouse, within or near the said parish, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the said parish.

Cap. 57. For building a new bridge, instead of the present ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient place over the river Loyne, near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 58. For the more easy discovery and effectual punishment of buyers and receivers of stolen goods

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of publick trust, and high crimes and misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellers, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of the parliament.

Cap. 60. To prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muslins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements used in that manufactory, to go to parts beyond the seas; and to prohibit the exporting to foreign parts of any such blocks, plates or other implements.

Cap. 61. For granting an additional duty upon white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising and training the militia, as relates to persons paying the sum of ten pounds being liable to serve again in the militia at the expiration of three years; and also to oblige substitutes to make oath respecting their place of settlement.

Cap. 63. To repeal so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other purposes therein mentioned), as restrains the use of the highland dress.

Cap. 64. For the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being relative to houses of correction.

Cap. 65. To enable the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, his heirs, executors, or administrators, to open a street from the Strand, at or near the east end of the New Church, to the south end of Stanhope Street in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the city, and liberty of Westminster; and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise; and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and also additional duties on sope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male Servants.

Cap. 69. For compelling John Whitehill esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his return, from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

Cap. 70. To enable the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of portage.

Cap. 71. More effectually to prevent his Majesty's enemies from being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

Cap. 72. For continuing so much of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets.

Cap. 73. To explain an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or sowing of tobacco in England or Ireland), and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland into England, for a limited time, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners, or other persons for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 75. To prevent the granting in future any patent office to be exercised in any colony or plantation now, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer term than during such time as the grantee thereof, or person appointed thereto, shall discharge the duty thereof in person, and behave well therein.

Cap. 76. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 77. To render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital called Bethelem, and the presidents, treasurers, and acting governors, of the said several hospitals.

Cap. 78. To permit drugs, the product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the single duty; to allow the importation of Hungary or German wines, and organzined thrown silk, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in ships the property of subjects under the same sovereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

Cap. 79. For the encouragement and disciplining of such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for defence of their towns or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

Cap. 80. To vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

Cap. 81. For the better regulation of the office of paymaster general of his Majesty's forces.

Cap. 82. For enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list.

Cap. 83. For the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 84. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, part of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, and such part of Old Bond Street as lies within the parish of Saint James, in the said county; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 85. For the improvement of Portman Square, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 86. For explaining and amending two acts, one made, in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for paving certain streets in the parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes; and for extending the provisions of the said acts other parts of the said parishes, and also for opening certain communications within the said parish of Saint George.

Cap. 87. For paving and freeing from nuisances and annoyances, the several streets, ways, and places, within the parish of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlesex, and Queen street and London street, in the hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said parish; for making ways or streets into the street called Risby's Rope-ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley and a street called Ropemaker's fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the said street called Risby's Rope-ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

Cap. 88. To continue the term of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring-syke, that divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland.

Cap. 89. For extending the provision of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parish of Kenwyn, to Callestock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said parish, to Perran almshouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said parish, to Saint Agnes almshouse, in the said county.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Cross, in the parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

---

Cap. 91. To confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agreement entered into between the right honourable James earl of Sdifbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chaety in the parish of South mimsy in the county of midduftxy to Ltmnsford Mill in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreement.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty third year of hi late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Oak hampron, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 93. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an al, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatberley Moor, in the county ofyot\l* to btaindrop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road near Smallways, across tbs river Tecs* to Winston, in the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fsh county of Durham; and for building a bridge ever the send river fit or near Winston Ford.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing ard widening the roads from a place calledli tt legate, at the top of lcaden hatn HHI, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division 0/kelham and Muflcam lanes to Mansfield, and from South well to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the west side of Newark Bridge to the said guide post.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, far amending and widening the road from the market hufe in Stourbridge to coljy Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentionfd, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the roads leading from the market hoafe in 8tourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pcdmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefozven; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

---

Cap. 96. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate; and from the west end of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley; and from a place, called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to Cannock; in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his majesty King George the second, intituled An act for amending and widening the road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Wortley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through part of the ton of Tinsley, to the place where the same joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering the powers of an act of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Dartford to Northfleet, end other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent; and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls arising upon the said roads, to the trustees for the care of the road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said county, to be applied for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

Cap. 100. For amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from the Willersley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Field, to the turnpike road at Broad Heath; and from the turnpike road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at Grendon Green, in the counties of Hereford and Worcester.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the county of Dorset; and for repairing the road leading from the parish of Warmwell, through the parishes of Poxwell and Osmington, to the church in the said parish of Osmington, in the said county of Dorset.

Cap. 102. For continuing the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent; and from Bacon's Water to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

Cap. 103. For reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford; and for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road, leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said counties.

Cap. 104. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the parish of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge, in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from Tarporley, in the county palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weverham, in the same county.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the county of Chester; and also the road leading from Blithe Marsh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road, from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the district of road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the road from the end of Ashborne Churchyard to the top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

Cap. 108. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty third year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county; so far as relates to such of the roads comprized in the said act as lie in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 109. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Wey Hill, in the county of southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 110. To continue the term and alter the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of White Parish, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the town of Kirby Steven, to the town of Market Borough, in the said county,

Cap. 112. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called The Hardwicke, in the parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county Hereford.

Cap. 113. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in the county of Brecon; and also the road through Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the same county.

Cap. 114. To repeal so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, In the county of Sussex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said county of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said county of Kent; as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the term and powers of the said act with respect to the other roads therein contained.

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the eleventh, twenty sixth, and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the second and eleventh years of his present Majesty's reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Blithe Marsh to the road leading from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same road to the road at or near Ruchill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

PRIVATE ACTS.

---

I. AN act for naturalising Henry Meier and Herman Diederick jf\ Retberg.

2. An act for allotting part of Minfierworth Ham, irl the parish of Minfierworth, in the county of Gloucester^ to Charles Barrow esquire, his heirs and assigns, in lieu of life common rights thereupon and for allowing exchanges within the said,

3. An act for naturalising John Claudius Billet.

4. An act for naturalising Charles Frederick Sckmolh

5. An act for naturalising Frederick Tfcbiffeli.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain part of th forest of Mendip, and a piece of waste land called tvindfor's Hill, situate within the parish of Sheptoh Mallet, irt the county of Somerfeu

7. An act for vesting diverse manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Hertford late the estate of John lord Mohfon, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and disposed of in and for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies and portions given by life will and codicil, and for other purposes there i in mentioned.

8. An act for dividing enclosing, and improving the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of tionley* irt the parish of Almondbury, in the county of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other rights or claims within the said manor.

9. An act for confirming and carrying irito execution certain agreements entered into by John Pitt esquire surveyor gef neral

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

field of his Majesty's woods and forests, with Benjamin Planner and others, relating to certain wade lands and other lands, in the parish of Egham % in the county of Surrey, and for vesting the same in the said John Piity and his heirs, in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to effectuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for discharging part of the settled estates of John hrriige Cholwich esquire, in the county of Devon, from the uses and trusts of his marriage settlement, and for settling other estates in the said county, in lieu thereof.

11. An act for discharging the manor of Jmley^ otherwise Evtnley, and diverse messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in lmley otherwise Evenley aforesaid, and elsewhere in the county of Northampton, part of the estate of sir Francis baf jti, of Ttbidy Parkin the county of Cornwall, baronet, from the uses, estates, and trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the last will and testament of Francis Bajfet, late of 7> hiij Park aforesaid, esquire, deceased, and for iettling another manor and other lands and hereditaments of greater value in lieu thereof to the like uses.

n. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Newton esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for vesting the freehold and inheritance in fee of part of the estates heretofore of the right honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, countess of Oxford, and countess Mortimer, deceased, in trustoes, in trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the debts, legacies, and other remaining encumbrances affecting the whole of the estates late of her the said countess, which were deviled by her will, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for vesting in trustees a competent part of the settled estates of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, in the parishes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the purpose of raising on mortgage, or otherwise, such fume of money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new street therein mentioned, from the east end of the New Church in the Strand, to the south end of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary costs, charges, and expenses, attending the same.

15. An act for vesting part of the estates of Robert late earl of houernesse % deceased, in the county of York, in trustees, (of a term of years, for raising and payment of the sum of five thousand pounds charged by the wih of the said earl on his hid estates.

16. An act for fele of an annual fee farm relit of one hundred pounds, payable to the see of Elyf out of certain estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the county of Middlesex, and for applying the money to arise from such sale in manner therein mentioned.

17. An act for enabling the trustees for fak of part of the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

settled estates of John Newnham esquire, in the counties of tfuft tingdon, Middlesex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, to make an indemnity to the purchasers of certain parts thereof, against the perpetual annual sums or payments to which such parts are liable.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, pastures, and commonable and wash lands, within the manor and parish of Wtnstone, in the count of gloucejlek

19. An act for dividing, and allotting in several ty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within the pari (Is of Kingjlti1 Deverill, in the county of ivilts.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing a carr or common call ed Thormanby Carr, within the parish of Thormanby, in the north riding of the county of York.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the township of Bolam, in the parish of gain ford, in the county of Durham.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor of Galverton, with the west side of Stone) Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Orton on the Hill; in the county of Leicester, and the lands within the ring of the said fields, reputed to belong formerly to the abbey of Merevale.

24. An act for dividing, enclosing; and allotting certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the pairfh of jvookey, in the county of Somerset.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the opeh and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of Great Creaton, in the county of Northampton, and the hamlet of Little Creaton, in the parish of Spralton, in the said county.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common field,

and commonable places, within the parish of Stanton Saint tintin, in the county of Wilts

27. An act for dividing, allotting; and enclosing; the dper and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, artt other commoriable lands and grounds of and within the manor! and liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the parish of Pid dington, in the county of Northampton.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain oper and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, ant common downs, in the hamlet or tything of eajungton, otherwise Northieach Foreign, in the manor of eajungton, and parifl of Northieach, in the county of Gloucester.

29. An act for enclosing and leaung a piece of waste land

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

called The Marfa within the parish and borough of Newcastle under Lime, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rates of the said parish and borough.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, within the lordship or liberty of Sandiacre, in the county of Derby.

31. An act for confirming a certain piece of ground, part of the common of Norwood, in the parish of Batcombey in the county of Somerset, to the rector of the said parish; and for veiling the same, together with an additional piece of ground, other part of the said common, in him and his successors, in lieu of all right of common and tithes belonging to the rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said common of Norwood 5 and for confirming all the several other parts of the said common t? the several proprietors thereof, discharged of all right of common and tithes belonging to the said rectory.

32. An act for vesting the estates late in jointure to dame Sarah Fowler widow, in trustees, to be sold, conveyed, and settled, pursuant to a decree of the court of exchequer.

33. An act for naturalising Henry Eggers.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, Anno

regni GEORGII III. Regis mag nee Britannia, Francia, &* Hibernia vicesimo secundo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the thtrty first day of October, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty /eventh day of November, 1781; being the second session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the 'high feasor the crime of piracy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy;,) which was to continue and be in free until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and no longer: and whereas the said act was, by four subsequent acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty first years vf his present Majesty's reign, further continued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

Act of 17 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited;

2 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 2. [1782.

two, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned act Should he continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the and further authority of the same, That the said sir ft mentioned act, and continued till all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications Jan. i, 1783. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be tvifed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thufand seven hundred and eighty-two, at 4 s. in the pound.

Persons having in their custody fqch books, C

to deliver up the same on one month's notice,

on penalty of 501.

Application of the penalty.

Her Majesty the queen not chargeable;

XVI AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the person and persons aforesaid, now or at any time hereafter having in his or their ctffto dy, keeping or possession, any such books or papers aforesaid relating to the land tax, shall, within the foace of the calendar itionth next after hotice in writing, signed oy three or more of the said of respectively, bra true copy thereof given to, or left at the usual place of abode of, such person or persons, deliver and give up all such books and papers unto such person and persons as the said commissioners, by such notice, shall order dnd appoint; Whose receipt for the same shall be a good and sufficient discharge to such person or persons so delivering such books and papers: and if any such person or persons now, or at any time hereafter, having in his or their custody, keeping, or possession, any such books or papers, shall refuse or neglect so to deliver the same within the time limited by such notice and demand made, he or they shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety whereof shall be paid to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county wherein such offence shall happen to be committed, and hall by him be applied in aid of the land tax of such county, and accounted for by him accordingly; and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; atld shall Be recovered, together with full costs of fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no efibin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her Majesty the Queen with the abovementioned duty or payment of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings by the year, for or in respect of any sums of money or annuities given or granted i by

3-

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C

by his Majesty to her said Majesty5 but that such sums of money and annuities, and her Majesty, and her treasurers or re ceirers^general for the time being, in respect of the same, hall be free and clear of all taxes, importions, and other publick charges whatsoetef; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much and such parts of this a as relate to the payment of the moneys arising by the taxes and aftflinentsherein before mentioned, by the respective collectors appointed by virtue of this act, to the receivers general of the several and respective counties and places aforesaid j and also to the times and manner of paying the same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the said respective receivers general as aforesaid; and also to the allowances to be made to the said respective receivers general and collectors, may be repealed, altered, abridged, or varied, by any act or acts to be pated in this present session of parliament.

Claofc of loan at L 10 s. percent. Bills to bear interest at 4u sot percent, per ann.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty or tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year otu thou jani/even hundred and eighty-two.

xxtf. JND whereas by an act, made in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, [entitled. An act for repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former acts); a duty after the rate of sixteen billings and eight pence per bestead was, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoupmd even hundred and sixty six, bid upon all cyder end penny which Jbmldbe made in Great Britain, andfienl or consigned to any fuftor 6r agent who Should receive the same to sell or dispose of, to be paid bjjmh fasor or agent: and whereas by the said act it was provided, Toot if arty faflor or agent Should, during the continuance of an act J the said sixth year of his Majesty's reign, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, forth service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it charged with and pay the duty of four jhiuings per hogshead upon an) quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon lim or her as receiver thereof, such faflor or agent Should, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry fio charged, fiand discharged of four shillings, part of the said sixteen jhiuings and eight pence; and it was thereby declared, That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no case whatsoever Should be chargeable with more than sixteen billings and tighupence per hogshead: therefore, to prevent any doubts or difficulties with respect to the charging or payment of the duties hereby B 2 continued

Certain parts of this act liable to be repealed, U C during the prefenucflion.

Clauses in an

aft 6 Geo. 3. C if, recited.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C.

[178a#

continued or granted, W to secure the cyder and perry, jtt the poj- session of such factors and agentr, from being liable to a greater duty than cyder or perry which shall be received or disposed of by other persons will be subject to; be it enacted and declared by the autho where the rity aforesaid, That in case any cyder or perry shall be received duty granted jnt0 the custody or possession of any fadlor or agent, for which cyder or peri L appear, by a certificate, under the hand of the proper ry, in custody officer of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this adfc of a factor, shall have been charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or shall be certi agent shall, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so charge bee^charged anc discharged of four Shillings, part of the said duty of thefadlor*sixteen Shillings and eight pence; and that cyder and perry shall be dif shall not, in any case or cases whatsoever, be charged or charge charged able with any higher or larger duty or duties in the whole in thereof. eluding the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the rate of sixteen Shillings and eight pence per hogshead, for or on account of the same being in the custody or possession of'all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in re

spedfc thereof.

Clause of loan at 4l. 10 s. percent.

Number of forces 49*5s including 4, 175 invalids.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a landing army within this kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of parliament, is against law: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, the defence of the possessions of the crown of Great Britain, and the prejervaiion of the balance cf power in Europe; and that the whole number of such forces Should confiji of forty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty five effiftive meny including four thousand one hundred and seventy five invalids: and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limby or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realmy by martial lawy or in any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet never thelefsy it being requisitey for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observedy and that fau diers who shall mutiny, or Jlir up edition or shall desert his ma jessy s ferviccy be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, being mustered or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in pay as a soldier, shall, at any time during the continuance of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in, any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, tfoop,

or

Every officer, or private man, during the continuance of this a 6t,

who shall mutiny or desert, C

5

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4.

or company, to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces, in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer 5 or shall! ro/ibehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully or abandon abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, port, or guard, nv f^rtlc^ committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to C defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or port, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the same; or shall speak words, or use any other or shall induce means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or do

others, to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to aban 1

don or deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll, or guard, committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his pod before relieved; or shall be or shall be found sleeping on his post; or shall hold correspond ence with, or give advice or intelligence to, any rebel or enemy his post, of his Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, or tokens, in or hold cor.*any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat, or enter into respondence any terms with such rebel or enemy, without his Majesty's LI with*"cence, or licence of the general, or chief commander; or shall jjwfty* firike or use any violence against his superior officer, being in or ^a|j the execution of his office; or shall disobey any lawful com or disobey his mand of his superior officer; cr shall desert his Majesty's ler superior offi vice; all and every person and persons so offending in any ofctri the matters before mentioned, whether such offence shall be foal differ committed within this realm, or in any other of his Majesty's death, or such dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land, or upon the sea, a^u^ar*shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a courtmartial shall in tial shall be awarded. (lift.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That Non commis any non commissioned officer or soldier enlisted or in pay in any fioned officers regiment, troop, or company, who shall, without having first V

obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other r?gi Y other regiment, troop, or company, shall be de9med to have mente. to deserted his Majesty's service, and shall in like manner suffer b.c. deemed death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be ddcrters* awarded.

General court-martial not to consist of less than 13* (except within the garriion of Goree, C and the president to be a field officer, or officer mext in seniority, not under the degree of a captain j (except in the gar of Goree, where they are to consist of five at lectin sentences of death, nine officers shall concur, except in the garrison of Goree.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Deserter may, caic of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, whensoever*! the court-martial, which shall pass sentence upon such trial, corprabroad^ shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, such for life, or court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, for a term Of

B 3 adjudge Xcarst

6

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1782.

adjudge the offender, if they shall think (it, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps stationed in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence: but returning and if such soldier shall afterwards (without leave from his ma without leave jesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he ration of such appomtc<* to serve) return into this realm, or the king

term, he shall dm f Ireland before the expiration of the term limited by suffer death, such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. Proceedings That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, shall be charg copkvthere C chargeable with any lamp duty whatsoever; anything of, not liable contained in any former act or acts to the contrary not with to stamp du (landing.

No wagon, C to carry above 50 hundred weight. No volunteer liable to process, unless for Come criminal matter, or unltfe for a real debt of the value of 101.

Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Where any

corps beyond Teas shall be relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall choose may be inliil ed, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting fuen former corps to be recited in the inlilting certificate.

LXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this act, no soldier, being arrested or confined for debt, in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belong.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any regiment or company shall be relieved at any station or place beyond the seas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers thereunto authorised by the commander in chief, at such station or place respectively, to enlist as many of the soldiers belonging to such regiment or company, returning tc Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for service, and to incorporate them in any regiment or company which shall be appointed to remain; and every soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to b.c. discharged from the regiment or company in which he befon served; the occasion of his quitting such former corps (ha! be recited in the enlisting certificate; a duplicate, or an atreftefl copy whereof shall be delivered to such soldier, to protect hid from being any ways molested upon suspicion of his havin(

deserted.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore In what cases said, That this aeft shall be construed to extend to the islands < this a shall Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Many and the i(lan< fel^gueni/ev"' thereto belonging as to the clauses therein for mustering an Ucl* and to the provisions for the trial and puniftunetit C

officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny or defei tien, or any other of the offences which are by this a St declare to be punishable by the sentence of a general court-martial

act

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4. 7

and also to the clauses which relate to the punishmertf of per ibns who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the King, front any fioldier or de feiter, or who Stall cause the colour of such clothes to be changed.

LXXXI. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and As often as it

particularly in such matters, wherein any of his Majesty's marine shall be necef

fsrces may be inter efied % that officers of the marines shall be officiated with officers of the land forces for the purpose of bolding court s mar marine

tiol> be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as forces may k may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of fit >0 conjunc fhc hod and marine forces to sit in conjunction upon courts tio upon^birriaj, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or lbldier of i'wwr" the land forces, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as9if such court-martial were composed of officers of the land taking rank forces only \ and the officers of the land and marine forces are, according to io such cases, to take rank according to the seniority of their ^hdrcom compuffions in either service. millions.

LXXXII. And for the better afiertaining the number of effective met of the regiments of militia, when embodied and in atiual service9he it tna<9ed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Militia and the passing of this a, every regiment or corps of militia and forcible men, fencible men, when embodied and in actual service, shall be ^jce" regularly muttered by commifiaries appointed fqr that purpose, to be regu9in the same manner, and as often as the army is usually muster larly muttered; and the magistrates shall have the same powers and autho ed> Verities, and both officers and men shall be subject to the same regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as are imposed on the officers and fddiers of the army by virtue of this act.

LXXXIII. And whereas the time of service in the militia is limited to three years, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Names of mi that the officer commanding each regiment or corps of mi fitia men, See. litia, or fencible men, shall certify, on the back of the muster j" j^months roll, the names of those men who are within six months of the of theexpi time of the expiration of their service, and also the number of ration of their mn which have been enrolled since the last muster, distinguish service, to be ing the ballotted men from the substitutes; and every man so ^back^tf enrolled shall be entitled to receive his pay from the time of his the muster iorolloaent. roll.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a shall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth day of March, inihe year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year 01 our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, guern/ey, Alderney, sarjty and Many and the islands thereto belonging, as to such pans thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the thirtieth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the first day of May in the year of /

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1782.

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and shall be and continue in force, within the island of mine^ca^ and garrison of Gibraltar, and in his Majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the twenty-fourth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

LXXXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. His Majesty That the powers by this act given to his Majesty of granting his w^rfn^to the warrant to governors of Minorca and Gibraltar, and or his governors of Majesty's dominions beyond the seas respectively, or to the per m noica and son or persons there commanding in chief his Majesty's forces f jr^noidin COR t*tnc fr conven*ng> or authorising any officer,

courts mar not un<*er degree of a field officer, to convene general courts tial, immedi martial for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces ately after the under their respective command, shall commence immediately passing of this from an(j after the passing of this act; and that it shall be lawful for such governor or person commanding in chief, and any

officer by them, respectively authorised, to proceed and aft by virtue of such warrant from and after the day on which such governor or person commanding in chief shall receive the same.

nqu nd I

CAP. V

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

XXXVII AND, in order to prevent all doubts which may arise JLJL in relation to punishing offences committed against former acts of parliament, made for the regulation of the marine forces Offences while on Shore, be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all

against former crimes and offences which have been committed agaiftft any inquired of le former as n lat behalf, shall and may, during the continuance of this present act, be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this present act may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

person be ua

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable bie to be tried to be tried or punished for any offence committed, against any for offences of the former as, which shall appear to have been com t^hreeyea* rnitted more than three years before the issuing of the commis beforexiffuing fion or warrant for such trial 5 except only for the offence of the warrant desertion.

cept in cases No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or un of desertion lei fora real debt of the value of 201.

only;

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, from the passing of

Mannes whde this act, no marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any debt^not to prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to anjr part of his receive pay. pay

and punished as under this act:

Provided no person be lia

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. 9

\ pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

XLV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, par lieu A often at it lorly where a sufficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently cfcmbledy or in matters wherein any of his Majesty's land forces may ot^marine fi interested, that officers of the land fortes Should be ojjociated with and land the marine officers for the purpose of holding court-martial; be it force may sit raa&ed and declared, That when and as often as it shall be n conjunction necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the marine '

and land forces to sit in conjunction upon court-martial, and

to proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts mar taking rank tial were composed of marine officers only; and the officers of according to the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rank ac thefenioritf cording to the seniority of their commissions in either service. ni&zug?0*

CAP. VI.

An act for beeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during! the time therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publitk service, that the fnteral regiments and corps of militia Should be made and kept as complete as pcffible during the course of the ensuing campaign: and whereas the time. of ballotting for many regiments and corps, or sorts of regiments and corps, will happen between the months of March and December next ensuing, whereby such regiments and corps will, during that period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for fervite: and whereas the provisions in two acts of parliament, one made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, 1S Geo. 3c. 59. An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned;,) and the other made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, 19000.3.0.7*. amend, and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provisions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland;,) which were intended to prevent in [me degree this inconvenience, have been found insufficient: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and imme Colonels, C diatdy after the passing of this act, the colonels and command of militia, in ants of the several regiments and corps of militia, in which re whose regi giments or corps the time of service of any private militia men fer

will expire between the first day of April and the first day of Device of any

cember private men

IO

will expire between April i, and Dec. i, are to inquire of every such nan if he is willing to continue his service for a further term of three years.

Colonels, Zee. to return lilts of fuel) merr who are willing to continue, Zc C to the clerks of the general meeting,

which clerks, deputy lieut. Zee. are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve instead of those whole times will expire as aforesaid.

Clerks of fub i division meetings to send lists of the names. Zee. of militia men sworn in to the commandant of the corps to which they belong, & C

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. [1782.

umier next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the (fid9 of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to every fuehpri vate maq* and to inquire if he is willing to continue his forvice for a further term of three years, and for what sum or pries he shall be so willing to continue it, if required.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such colonel and commandant of every such regiment and corps of militia, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a list as well of such private militia men as are willing to continue (b to serve, as of all others whose times of service will expire between the first day of April and the first day of Decmbtr, next enfuiag, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or riding to which such regiment or corps shall respectively belong, in like manner as is directed by the said recited or either of them; and all clerks of general meetings, clerks of sob division meetings, deputy lieutenants, justices or the peace, and all other persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the receipt of such lists, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve in the militia, in the place of those whose times will expire as aforesaid, and for that purpose to execute all the powers and directions given by the said recited as, or any other actor abis of parliament respecting the militia forces of this kingdom, as if all the clauses, provisions, powers, matters, and things, contained in any of the said acts relating to the premises, were repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any militia men shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the manner herein before directed, the clerks of the subdivision meetings respectively shall forthwith give notice thereof, and transmit a list of the names and places of abode of such militia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or corps of militia to which they shall belong and every colonel or commandant of such regiment or corps of militia is and are hereby authorised from time to time to discharge of those men whole times will soonest expire, a number equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in readiness to joiir his regiment or corps, so as to keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned.

CAP. VII.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine orgia*

zined Italian thrown (ilk in any Bups or vefteu, for a limited time.

Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited j and further continued until March as, 1783,

II

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8. CAP. VIII

An wbt far raffing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for eaablishing a lottery.

[Preamble.]

13, 500, 000l. to be raised by annuities, and 405, 000l. by a tottery. Contributors to the sum of 13, 500, 0001. to be entitled for each 100 L to an annuity of 1001. at 3l. percent, per ann. and to a further annuity of 501. at 4l. percent, per ann. the first to commence on the 5th of jan. 1782, and the other on the 5th of April, 1781, and also to be entitled to a further annuity of 17 s. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of Jan. 178a, and then to cease; which shall be charged upon a fund to be elta bfished this session, and collaterally on the sinking lund. To be paid each half yearly. Every contributor of X ooool. shall, upon payment of 301. more, be entitled to three lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and the whole 13, 500, 0001. for annuities subscribed, and the whole 405, 0001. for the lottery, and 15l. percent. d posited on each. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subserip tions, viz. for the annuities 101. percent, on the izth of April, 1782. 101. percent, on the 7th of May, 101. percent, on the 13th of June, 10 h percent, on the 19th of July, 151. percent on the and of August, 101, percent, on the toth of Sept. 101. percent, on the 24th of October, and the remaining 101. percent, on the 26th of November; and for the lottery 20 L percent on the 28th of May, 1782, 251, percent, on the 9th of July, sol. percent, on the 10th of Sept, and the remaining 20l. percent, on the nth of October. Subscribers to the annuities and Tottery to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance, at the rate of 3l. percent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of tbtir subsenp tkms, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof at the rate of 101. for each ticket. Subscribers to the 13, 500, 0001. entitled to annuities of 3l. percent, and 41. percent, as aforesaid, till redemption by parliament, and to the annuities of 178. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of July, 178s, and then to cease. To be paid half yearly, the 31. percent, on the 5th of July and die fifth of January, and the 4l. percent, on the loth of o&obtr and the 5th of April, and the annuities of 17 s. 6d. on the 5th of July and the 5th of January yearly; but not payable till the whole fume subscribed are paid. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, See. Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received f which shall be assignable. Cashier to give fecarity to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid the cashier, A book to be provided in the accountant general's office, in which contributors names shall be entered. See. After contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; which shall be tax free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, the Turns paid shall be forfeited to the public, and all right to their respective annuities extinguished. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the sums subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit; and shall be arguable. Annuities charged on the fund to be established for payment thereof. Governor, cof the bank, to appoint a chief cahier and accountant general. From time to time moneys to be issued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts aid payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein shall be entered all transfers of Turns advanced on this act, which entry shall be Tigned by the party making Tuckt transfer, or his or their attorney authorised by writing under hand and leal; and the party to whom such transfer is made hail sign his or her acceptance, and no other method good in law. Persons ponefled of flock may devise the same by will, C Commissioners of the treasury impowered

12

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8. [1782.

to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act; The 3l. percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 31, percent, confols. transferable at the bank. The 4l. percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the 4l. percents, granted by the lottery acts of ao and ai Geo. 3. The annuities of 17 s. 6 d. per annum for 78 years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of i, s, 4, and ao Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this Itflion. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 405, 0001. to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, C Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Every leaf of the lottery books to be divided into three columns, in each to have a ticket) printed in the following form, to the number of 40, 500 in each. The ticket.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty second year of his Majesty's reign, be entitled to such beneficial chance as shall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purfu auce of the said act.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of the moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filkj and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Other books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40, 500 tickets are to be printed. 14, 338 to be fortunate tickets, a of 20, 0001. each, 2 of 10, 0001. each, 2 of 50001. each, of aooool. each, 8 of tooool. each, 20 of 500l. each, 50 of xool. each, 250of 501. each, 1, 400 ot 201, each; 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first five days; 10001. to ditto the 10th and 15th days; aooool. to ditto the 18th day; 30001. to ditto the aift day; and aooool. to the latt drawn. Tickers of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and put into a box marked withithe letter (B). Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782, in the usual method, and to continue from day today (except Sundays, christmas day, Thanksgiving and fast days) until all the said fortunate tickets are drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets and Aims to be printed. disputes to be adjutted by the managers. Forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring, or willingly acting or attlftuig in forging or counterfeiting any ticket, certificate, or order made by this or any former lottery aft, or altering any number, figure, or word therein, or uttering, vending, bartering, or disposing of any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket, certificate, or order, or bringing any such ticket, certificate, or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers, or accountant general of the bank of England, for the time being, or any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire or command any person or persons to commit any such offence, felony without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them may cause any person bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited ticket or certificate, or aiding, abetting, C thereinto be apprehended and committed to gaol to be proceeded against according to law. Offenders (notin prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 501. reward. Proviso: attainder not to work or make corruption of blood, loss of dower or diflierifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn by two or more other managers. The oath.

Y A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfu jl ance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty second year of his

LOTTERY anno 1781,

Majesty's

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 9, 10.' 13

Majesty's reign, do swear, that I will faithfully execute the trust repbfed in nej and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or dire ft any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, formyfelfor any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; that I will, to the best of my lodgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the Aims subscribed before receiving the lottery book giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10i so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit the Aims paid with respect to the lottery) and tee tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. of of the treasury may reward the managers, See. as they shall think At.

The 405, 000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March i, 1783* C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, See. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of 101. Persons (bed in execution of this act may plead the general lftue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence and recover treble costs.

CAP. IX.

M act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed, by an act made in the lait session of parliament to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for grant ing an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one j and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in great.britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

CAP. X

an act for the better detaining, and more easy exchange of American prisoners brought into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, since the commencement of the present war, exchanges of prisoners taken in America, or conveyed to America, hove been there regularly made, with advantage to his Majesty's service: and whereas it may be liiewife convenient for the ja'id service, that American prisoners brought into Great Britain Should be detained, and exchanged, in the same manner; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, His Majesty That, from and after the passing of this act, it may and shall be authorised to lawful for his Majesty, during the continuance of the present deta, n a*on hostilities, to hold and detain in such prisons or places'within ^fnhabitan's Great Britain, as to his wisdom shall seem fit, as prisoners of Of the revolted war, all natives or other inhabitants of the thirteen revolted co coloniestaken, j kmics not at his Majesty's peace, who have been, or shall be, ?nd hrught taken by sea or land, and brought into Great Britain: and it grtiainr!at

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. i f, i.

[1782 0 shall be lawful for his Majesty to discharge any person or per ibch ons ta^en and detained as prisoner or prisoners of war, either C absolutely, or upon such conditions, and with such limitations, or for such a time, as his Majesty shall deem proper; as o to authorise any commissioner or of to discharge oi exchange all and every person and persons as aforesaid, according to the custom and usage of war, and the law of nations; regard being had in the said exchanges relative to officers in his Majesty's service, whether the said officers have been made prisoners in America or elsewhere, to the rank of the said prisoners and the length of time Gnce they have been taken: and the detention, enlargement, or exchange aforesaid, shall be good am valid, any warrant of commitment, or cause therein expressed, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act for allowing farther time to negotiate, by fodotfement* the bend; issued in pursuance of an act, made tn the fourteenth year of the m.p. ophis present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually carryinj into execution certain proposals made by the most noble Henry duke oi Buccleugh, the most noble Charlei duke of Queensberry and Dover, anc other for redeeming the amiuitiet granted by the company of thi bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known en der the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Act 14 Geo. 3. C ai. recited. Bonds ifibed by the dnkt of Boorieughf C for 500, 0001, only13, 3001. part thereof paid*and by the greaf fall in the price of lands, foe. the remainder cannot be paid off within tb time limite<y>y the said former act, therefore enacted, that the oatstand ing bonds to be negociable until June4, 171s, and no looger. This de dared a public act.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain mesuages lands, tenement, and hereditament, in the counties of Cornwall ant Devon, purchased in pursuance of two acts of parliament, one made it the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fer better securing his Majesty docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheemeft and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Gravefent and Tilbury Fort 5 and the other in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said a  as relates to die (ecuiity of his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores*| and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at or near Plymouth, who have sustainea any loss or damage in consequence C the said acts.

Recital of so Geo. 3. c. 38. His Majesty's letters patent, dated Aug. 1 17s0; and aft si Geo. 3. c. 61. private*act to Geo. 3. No. 48. to ena George lord Edgcumbe to grant building leases of lands, C within I manor of Sronehouse, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the county of Deve redittd. Commissioner* met in the parish of Antony, on Aug.7, 17! in the county of Cornwall, and upon the inquest of twelve lawful m returned by the sheriff, decreed that the value of the messuages, lands, In Cornwall, in the said act si Geo. 3. mentioned, including two fm fwms to be paid as a fathfaction for the damages done to a ropewalk I therto extending on a small part of the lands, by taking the same for i life of the public, was 1, 954 k its. 11 d. in which fqm was included t suns of 1, 428l. os. 9d. halfpenny, as the value of lands belonging to 1

CAP. XI.

CAP. XII.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12.,

iral Thomas Grafts, and comprised in his marriage fettument. An ber meeting, had on Sep. 3, in the town of Dock, in the county of Dees when the of on the like inquest decreed, that the value of lands, tenements, see. in the said county, mentioned in the said act, dad'ing money allowed for cwfts, damages and expencet of the owners Ml oeeapkrs of lands, Scc. revetted, was 10, 059l. 6 s. 6 d. exclusive of nds, cof lord viscount Mount Edgcambe and Vallctort, in the manor f Stonebowfe, and in the said sum was included 1, 7*81. is. 6d. as the ijae of lands in the parish of Maker, belonging to the said lord edg nmbe, C comprised in his marriage settlement. And as to the lands, t. in the manor of Stonehouse, the said lord Edgcumbe had proposed to rant a lease thereof for 99 years, if three persons nominated on behalf of is Majesty Should so long live, and at the yearly relit of 361. 7 s. 6 d. be lg at the rate of 6d. per perch) payable at Ladyday and Michaelmas lurof all taxes: which proposal was approved of by the of Uetfemade and executed, dated Sept,9, 1781. 16, 414.1. 5s. 5 d. with

iterect, to be applied for making compensation to proprietors of lands, ic. in Devonshire and Cornwall. surveyor-general of the ordnance to ukeout bills for the several furos adjudged to the proprietors of lands, kc. Debentures to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid ij the treafarer. To be paid according to (be respective decrees of the aomissioner*. 1, 41k!. os. 9d. halfpenny, the sum found to be the value if the ku>ds of admiral Graves, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to eveft the same in the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled to the faeuses, fec as the former lands; or place it out at interest. 1, 7181. is.6d (be fen found to be the value of the lands of lord Edgcumbe, in the pa of Maker, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to invell the same in the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled to the same uses, cas he former lands; or to place it out at interest. Trustees answerable for their own neglects only. The 40]. decreed to be paid to the dean and noons of the chapel of St. George in Windsor Castle, shall be paid to their ippintie, as a compensation for their tithes a riling from lands in the county of Devon, within the parish of Plymstock, to be laid out in the purchase of messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee simple. to be conveyed to the use of the said dean and canons, and their faccelfori for ever, and instead of interest 11. per ann. to be deduced out ot John Harris's relit for the remainder of his term of 11 years. All the fami of money to be made payable by debentures (except the three sums btforeroentioned) shall be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer j who shall ligna certificate to the barons of, the exchequer on the receipt of each sum respectively. Such sums of money to be paid by the fepmy remembrancer into the bank. Barons of the exchequer empower ed to make orders for payment of money to persons entitled to receive the fat, see. The vicar of Anthony, rector of Stoke Damerell, and vicar of Maksr, to have the yearly income of the money allotted to them. Takas tk feid valued lands for the use of his Majesty, exempt from taxes, nil not affect other lands in the same parish with regard to taxes, but the same shall remain subject to taxes'as before. 195 1. with interest, fa] be paid to the deputy remembrancer for a parcel of an undivided eighth part of land and a boathouse in the possession of Warwick Calfnady. Barooiof the exchequer to inquire who is entitled to the said land and boatbonfe; and to order 60l. to be paid to the owner of the boathouse. Ireftioosfor the barons of the exchequer relative to the disposal of 1351. the aforementioned lands in the parish of Plymstock, to be paid to ttie see appearing entitled thereto in fee simple $ if only for forne limited or interest, then to be settled accordingly: and if it appears that Hwick Calmady hath been in the uninterrupted possession of the said iddedrighth part of the lands in the parish of Plymstock foro yehrs,

4 do other person shall make out any title thereto, the court may order s find 1351, and interest to be paid to the said Warwick Calmady. Wftttt Of the fliffi of 19$ I. to be at the disposal of the exchequer. On fcmb dr removal of the deputy remembrancer, mortgages, See. to velt toftcccibr. If the rtnfcmbrancer fhooki execute the office in person,

then

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii C 13, 14! [178:

then the powers by this act vested in the deputy, shall vest in the remen brancer. In case persons capable of receiving debentures shall neglefi take the same, Sec. after a month's notice in the London Gazette, to bed posited by the clerk of the ordnance with the clerk of the peace of tl county where the lands, Sec. lie. Theleafe granted by lord Edgaimbet sir Richard Sutton confirmed. Sir Richard Sutton to be indemnified writ respect to relit, See. reserved in the said lease, by the officers of the on nance Limitation of actions for acting under this act to be in six month and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the spedal mi ter in evidence, and have treble costs.

a(51 act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the bet encouragement of the making of sail doth in Great Britain to the CI couragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several dutii on merchandise exported, and reducing other duties  to the five in portation of cochineal and indico 3 to the prohibiting the importatic of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed i Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, ar charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty C the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships; to the alios ing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, t certain places in North America, which are or may be under the pt tedion of his Majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain, an other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the impowering his Majetf to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of cop per in bars, or copper in (heets; and to the allowing the exportation ( certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's fuga colonies in America.

33 Geo. a. C 17, for the encouragement of making sail cloth in Great Britain, further continued until Sept. 19, 1788, Sec. So much of 8 Geo. i 15, as relates to the encouragement of silk manufactures, C further cor tinued until June 14, 1788, C 7 Geo. a. C 18, for the free importatio

of cochineal and indico, further continued until Sept. 19, 1788, Scc. S much of isgeo. sc. 36, for prohibiting the importation of books r printed abroad, Sec. as relates to prohibiting the importation of books n printed abroad, and first written and printed in Great Britain, forth continued until Sept. 39, 1788, See. 19 Geo. a. C 17, for securing the du

ties upon foreign made sail cloth, Sec. further continued until June V 1788, Sec. ao Geo. 3. c. 31, for allowing a bounty on the exportation < British corn in neutral ships, further continued until March 35, 1783, & so Geo. 3. c. 46, for allowing the exportation of provisions, Sec. to certai places in North America, further continued until June 1, 1783. to Geo. c. 59, imdowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, Sec. of copper i bars or (heets, further continued until May r, 1783. So much of 16 Go 3. C 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, Sec. to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, further continued until May X 1783.

An a to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made: the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making at maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge the county of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcesterfta canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford 3 and also twocc lateral cuts therein mentioned.

Ad 16 Geo. 3. C. 8. recited. Powers of the ad have been carried in execution, and the proprietors have expended the further sums of 500^ 30001. and 1330l. Power to raise a further sum of 10, 0001.3 which so^ 'as well as 30001. already raised, shall be made part of the companj

CAP. XIII.

CAP. XIV.

capi

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 

capital. To enable executors, C to answer calls. The said 13301. and interestto be first paid off. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered before justices of the peace by distress of goods, and in default thereof, three months imprisonment. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef boris. To be a public act.

CAP. XV.

An act for the relief of naval officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, with respect to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Act 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. recited. 17 Geo. 3. c. 7. 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. to Geo. 3. CI si Geo. 3. c. 15. Seamen, C entitled to their prize or bounty money, if they claim it within four years after it shall become due to Greenwich hospital 5 provided they prove to the directors of the said hospital their inability to claim the same within the time limited by the recited aftst and the said directors may order the same to be refunded, if paid to the hospital. And if not, to be paid to such (eamen. See. as soon as received by their treasurer or his deputy, who is to be allowed such payment oa passing his account.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majo fly ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

From the passing of this act until March5, 1783, merchant ships, C may be navigated by three fourths foreign (eamen, notwithstanding the navigation aft is Car. s. C 18. This act not to restrain Any royal proclamation to be made pursuant to an act 13 Geo. % C 3.

CAP. xvii.

An act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and God aiming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cobham bridge kept in repair at the joint expense of Tho. Page, Esq; lord of the manor of Cobham; Richard Palmer, D. D. and Tho. Huflt, Esq; lords of the manor of Walton upon Thames, by reafori of the tenure N of their respective e(fates. Leatherhead bridge at the joint expense of the parishes of Leatherhead and Fetcham, with the aid of the income of certain small.parcels of land of the annual value of 18 Shillings, and go dilming bridge at the expense of Jane More Molyneux, spintter, by rea foo of the tenure of her estate. The bridges to be deemed county bridges, and repaired as such. allowing.an appeal against the proportion of county rates. The old bridges vested in the clerk of the peace. Proprietors of Cobham bridge to pay 400). to the county treasurer. Certain pieces ofland in Leatherhead to be sold for the purposes of this act. Power to dig earth and make bricks. Expenses of this act to be paid by the trea forerof the county out of money in his bands. Actions for acting under this act not till thirty days after notice, nor after three calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public act.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewcci for file, or vended within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Ad 13 Geo. C 53. recited, and further continued for ai years. This a pohltck aft.

yoi. XXXIV C cap.

18 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 19  i ^1782

CAP. XIX.

An act for granting an additional bounty on ships employed in the Greea* land and whale fishery, for a limited time.

Act 11 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited. An additional bounty of sot. per tonne to be paid for all British ships which shall proceed from this kingdom on the Greenland fiffiery, for five years, from the 15th of Dec. 1781, under the regulations in the recited act. Vessels, not provided with their full complement of men, may proceed to Lerwick in Shetland, and complete the number there; provided not more than two men are wanted for every 50 tonnes burden $ and upon their return from the fishery, the men taken m at Lerwick may be seton shore there. And the raafter or owners, on producing a proper certificate, &c. to the officer at the port of arrival; and the matter or mate making oath that the men so taken on board at Lerwick, proceeded from thence on the said fishery, and continued on board during the time the ship was employed on that bulinefc, shall be intttled to the bounty granted by this act.

CAP. XX.

An act to revive and further continue an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to discontinut, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallowf hogs lard, and grea(e.

Act 7 Geo. 3. C ss. recited, revived, and further continued until March5, 1785.

CAP. XXI.

An act to extend so much of two acts, of the twentieth and twenty first years of his present Majesty's reign, as relate to the sale of, and afoer* raining the duties upon, east-india goods, to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or any country within the limits of the east-india company's charter, which have been, or Ibalf, during the present hostilities, be brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize; for equalising the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign snuff into this kingdom; and for preventing the importation and running of foreign spintuous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in vessels fitted out and armed as privateers.

Recital of 10 Geo. 3. c. 9. and 11 Geo. 3. c. 5. The recited acts, so far as # they relate to goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of the East Indies, extended to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or other part of the East Indies, which has been, or shall be, during the present hostilities, brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize. Recital of 11 Geo. 1. c. 16. After May 1, 17*1, French snuff to pay the same duties on importation as other foreign fnuft. Foreign snuff imported after May 1, 178s. to be loose in casks, chests, or cases, each containing three hundred and fifty pounds weight of net fnuft at least, and not to bus packed in bags, or in any other packages, in such calk, chest, or case, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such fnuft as shall be imported contrary to this act, together with all the calks, chests, cases, or other package containing the same; and such snuff may be seized by any officer of the customs, and sued for, prosecuted, and disposed of in the same manner, and the officer so seizing be entitled to, and allowed the same reward as directed by the act 14 Geo. 1. c. 41. for securing the duties upon tobacco. Privateers which shall be found at sea in any part of this kingdom at any diffance from the coasts thereof, having on board foreign*f u c?wr* brandy or other spirits in any vessel less than 60 galions, (except for the ot toll ltitott# ufc of the legmen on board), or tea exceeding six pounds weight, or

W.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 22  24.

any other goods whatsoever, liable to forfeiture on being imported, then sot only all such goods, but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel ro be forfeited, and the same may be carried and delivered into the care and custody of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty Ycuftoros, at any port in this kingdom, which shall be nearest to the place where focfa ship or vessel shall be found, and the same may be seized, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, by such ways and rules, and in such manner and form, as fpch vessels and goods would be liable to by any law in force if the same bad been found, within the limits of any port of this kingdom j and the letters of mark or general reprizal, or any other coomiiffion granted for such ship or vessel, to be null and void.

An act for better securing the duties payable by virtue of an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coals, culm, and cinder, into the port of great Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk.

[Public act.]

Act 5 Annx, C 7. recited. After Tone 1, 178s, the importers of coals, calm and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth, shall, previous to the dearing of the ship at the custombouse, deliver to the water bailiff a signed account of the names of the owners, C upon oath. Any freeman of the corporation importing coals, CC shall deliver to the water bailiff, at his office, an account, on oath, of the quantity thereof. On default, the ftme dories shall be paid as for coals, C the property of non freemen. If any freeman, being owner of any ship, cor the importer of coals, c. 00 hn own account, shall not within the time limited, but afterwards deliver such account, on oath, as aforesaid, or if he resides at a distance, or through infirmity or otherwise, cannot conveniently attend, may verify the said account by affidavit before a justice of the peace, and in either case the whole doties paid to be returned, provided the shipmaster have given in an account on oath as before directed., Persons swearing falsely to be deemed guilty of perjury.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papiits, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Act 3 Geo. 1. C it. recited. 16 Geo. ic. 4* 3, 6, 9, it, is, 16, 19, si,8, ji A 33 Geo. a. and 1, 4, 7, is, 14, 17 & 18 Geo. 3. also recited. Deeds and willsof papists, C made (ince Sept. 19, 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Sept. 1, 1781. This act not to extend to deedi, C the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan 1, 1781. Pnrrhafes made by protestants not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not baring been enrolled, &c. This act not to make good any grant of the right of prefcnution to any benefice, &c. in trust for any papist.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* two.

CAP. XXII.

CAP. XXIII.

CAP. XXIV.

20

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25. [1782.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXV.

An act to prohibit the ransoming of ships or vessels captured from his Majesty's subjects, and of the merchandise or goods ou board fetch ships or vessels.

WHEREAS it is a common practice3 when ships or vessels are captured by the King's enemiesy or by other persons committing acts of hostilities, for persons to agree with the captors for ransom of the same; and for Iscaring the Jlipulated ransom not only to give boflogesy but also to bind themselvesy or the owners, for the payment thereof: and whereas the practice of ransoming is sounds by expect ence3 to be liable to great abuses, and there is reason to apprehend that; upon the wholly it operates more to the disadvantage than for the benefit of his Majesty's subjects: may it therefore please your majeay that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's . subjects to ransom, or to enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming any ship or vessel belonging to any of his maje fly's subjects, or any merchandise or goods on board the same, which shall be captured by the subjects of any Hate at war with his Majesty, or by any persons committing hostilities against his Majesty's subjects.

II. And be it further enacted, That all contracts and agreements which shall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and other conl^a^v8l^ien, ^ecur*t*es9 which shall be given by any person or persons for ran con ra so fom of any such ship or vessel, or of any merchandise or goods on board the same, contrary to this act, shall be absolutely void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of jnncy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ransom, or

co^trfdingto enter nt any contract or agreement for ransoming, any such ransom, any ship or vessel, or any merchandise or goods on board the same, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which action no essoin, protection imparlance, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any contract or agreement which shall be entered into, or any bill, note, or other security, which shall be given, by any master of a captured ship or vessel, or by any other person or persons on board or belonging Jo the same, for ransom thereof,

r or

After June i, 1781, vessels, C captured by the enemy not to be ransomed.

All contracts made, and fe

contrary to this act, to be void.

Penalty on persons ran

ship, C contrary to this act.

Limitation of this act.

21

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. 0, 26, 27.

or of any merchandise of goods on board such ship or vessel; or to inflict any penalty upon any mailer of any captured ship orvciflej, or any other person or persons on board or belonging to the same, for ransoming, or entering into any contract or agreement for ransoming, such ship or vessel, or any merchandizes or goods on board the same, until after the expiration of two months from the passing of this act, for any ship or vessel sailing from any foreign European port; or until after the expiration of four months from the passing of this all, for any ship or vessel falling from any foreign port out of Europe,

CAP. XXVI.

in oil for providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his Majestfs service in the defence of the island of Minorca, and expefied to arrive soon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain foreigp troops, lately employed in his Majesty's service in the defence of the island of Minorca, are txpeiled to arrive soon in this kingdom, and it is necessary. quarters jbsuld be provided for such troops during their stay in Great Britain; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said foreign troops shall and may. Certain so during their continuance here, be quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters, in the same manner, to all intents and cchnriiede^" purposes, as the British troops now are; and that the billetting, fence of mi quartering, receiving, and providing for, such foreign troops, in norca, to be the manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, ^5^ hcrc and to be legal, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes*0^ whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this all shall continue in force for six months Continuance from the time of the arrival of such troops, and thence till ofthl5. twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the more cafy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham,

Snome, Higham, Clisse, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham,

Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheeraeli, in the county of Kent.

Commissioners; to hear and finally determine all causes for the recovery of ill debts contracted within the city of Rochester, and the several parishet and the ville before mentioned, above the ium of two Shillings and under the sum of forty Shillings, and are constitmed a court of justice by the name and style of The Court of Requests in the city of Rochester. New commissioner to be appointed in the room of those who shall die, or be cweo one of the assistants of the city of Rochester, or shall cease to be a householder, or remove out of the parish wherein he resided at the time of

c1 appoint

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1781.

appointment, or refuse or neglect to ad at a commissioner for a year, at*vestry of the parish, for which such commissioner was appointed, to be b olden in Rafter week then next following 5 and such appointment to bin writing under the hands of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish, present at the time of such election, and certified to the of at their then next court $ but in default of such el&hon or certificate, the of, or any three or more may appoint an other person, being an inhabitant, householder, and resident in such parish. Qualification of of to be an inhabitant, householder, and resident within the said city, or in the several parishes of St. Nicholas, St. Margaret, Sirood, Frindsbury, Chatham and Gillingham, and III the actual pi (Tcfiion and enjoyment of a real estate of the clear yearly value of 30l. above reprizes, or shall be possessed of a personal eft ate to the amount or value of 500i and also to take the following oath.

I A. 8. do swear, That I will impartially and honestly, according to the best of my judgement, hear and determine all such matters and cauiet as shall be brought before me, as a commissioner, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy recovery of (mail debts, within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobbam, fihorne, Higham, Clisse, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the ville of sheern iis, in the county of Kent, without favour or affection to any of the parties.

So help me GOD.

To be administered by the clerk or deputy clerk to the said court, or any one of the of, and a memorial thereof to be entered by the clerk in the register of the court. Persont acting not being qualified, to forfeit and pay for every offence sol. to any person who shall sue for the same, in any court of record, and the defendant is to prove his qualification or pay the penalty, without further proof by the prosecutor than that he aftrd as a commissioner. Commissioners or any three or more of theot to hold courts at the guildhall of Rochester on the second Friday in every month for ever, and may hear and finally determine all causes for the re. covery of debts contrasted within the said city, parishes and ville, as shall be under the sum of 40 s. and above the sum of as. and to make such orders and decrees, and pronounce such judgements, and to award execution thereupon with coifs, against the body or goods and chattels of all persons against whom they shall make fudi orders and decrees, as to any three or more of the of shall appear justin law, equity and good conscience. Commissioners to hold special quarterly meetings at t e laid guildhall on the first Wednesday after Midsummer day, the first Tuesday after michaelmas day, the first Tuesday after christmas day, and the first Tuesday after ladyday yearly, which may be adjourned to any time and place in the said city, not exceeding 14 days. Commissioners may make rules and orders for regulating their proceedings conformable to the directions of this act, but not to increase or lessen the fees. Calling vote to be given by the mayor. See. or senior commissioner. George Gates, gentleman, the present town clerk, being an innhabitant, houteholder, and resident within the said city, appointed clerk of the said court Richard Mizzen and Ifiac Mizzen (being inhabitants of the said city) appointed sergeants of the said court, all during their good behaviour; and the of may at their first or any subsequent court appoint a deputy clerk (being an inhabitant of the said city). Commissioners to appoint new officers on death or resignation, or removal out of the city of any of the former. Deputy clerk to be approved of by the clerk. Courts may suspend sergeants for raifbehaviour. Commissioners to hear and determine upon complaints against their officers, at special meetings. List of the of to be put up in the court. Clerk to enter the decrees of the court in a book. Eight of to be summoned to attend upon every court day. Commissioners not summoned, may attend.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 27.'

All the of to be summoned to attend monthly meetings at which any officer is to be chosen, and at quarterly meetings, and to have six days notice. A sufficient number not attending, the court to be adjourned to the next court or meeting. Mode of proceeding for recovery of debts of more than % s. and under 40 sto be by summons, to be served by the serjeant on the debtor personally, or by leaving the same at his place of abode, fire, within the limits aforesaid, seven dap before the return. On proof of the service of the summons, the of may make inquiry cooceming the demand, and pronounce final sentence or judgement, and mike such interlocutory or final orders and decrees touching the same, and the costs of suit, as shall appear to be agreeable to justice, equity, and good conscience. This a shall not extend to debts for relit upon lease or contra, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract, nor to any debt that shall anse upon or by reason of any cause concerning any lafc will or matrimonial contra, or the breach thereof, or anything properry belonging to the ecclesiastical court s nor to any money won at or by any horse race, cock match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play 2 nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute 01 bye laws nor to any debt for the payment whereof there mall not have been a contra, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise, within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to 40 s. On nonappearance of the defendant, the commissionera to proceed exparte the plaintiff on props of the service of the summons. Plaintiff not appearing, or not efubhfhin* hit debt, to pay costs, to be recovered as other debts and costs, by orsn* of the of Commissionera empowered to administer oaths to the parties and witnesses. Penalty on wilful perjury, the same as in other cases of perjury. Commissionera may award execution against body pr goods: and the clerk or deputy may issue a precept by virtue whereof the Sergeants may apprehend the party within the limits, and convey him to the common gaol of the said city for the reception of debtors, there to remain till the decree or order De performed) but not looser than one calendar month, nor left than (even days; and such ira pritoaraent to be deemed a full discharge and extinguishmont of the debt and colts. And the sergeants on precept issued upon the execution awarded against the goods of any suck party, may levy by distress and sale of the goods of such party, within the limits of this a, such sura of money and costs as shall be ordered and decreed s and in case the party absconds, or (Secrets or removes his goods, or otherwise prevents or evades the service or esse of such execution, and proof thereof made by the said sergeant or other credible witness, (but not otherwise) the of may at their discretion a ward execution against body or goods dll the plaintiff is paid and satisfied. Court may order debts to be paid by instalments. On execution clerk to endorse the debt and costs t and if the defendant before a#ual sale of his goods, or before apprehended or his terra of imprisonment not expired, pay or tender to the clerk or his deputy, the debt and costs, and one shilling more for his trouble of paying the same to the plaintiff and entering acknowledgment of satisfaction, and also two shilling for gaol fees (if in custody) the execudon to be superseded, and the body and goods discharged. Commissioners may suspend or supersede proceedings, where the defendant, by sickness or poverty, may be incapable of paying the debt. Sergeant tattering an escape, See. by neglect, to pay debt and costs. Gaolers to receive persons committed. Creditors to allow 3 d. a day to debtors while in prison. Penalty on not obeying a fiibpoena, to testity served four days before return, and oath nude that he was a material witness, or refuting to give evidence, may be fined four Shillings, to be recovered as other debts, but not to be committed for more tharn two days. Fees to be taken by the officers.

Fees to be taken by the Clerk

For entering every cause, twopence.

For issuing every summons, fourpence.

C Fa

Ik

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28. [1782.

For every hearing or trial, twopence.

For (Wearing every witness, plaintiff or defendant, twopence.

For every nonsuit, and entering the same, ten pence.

For every attachment for the defendant's not appearing, ten pence

For every execution, one shilling.

For every acknowledgment of satisfaction, sixpence.

For every subpoena, threepence.

For the payment of money into courts sixpence.

For every order, threepence.

For entering thereof, threepence.

For every warrant of commitment, sixpence.

For searching the books, twopence.

By the Sergeants.

For serving every summons or subpoena, fourpence.

For calling every witness before the court, one penny.

For calling the plaintiff or defendant before the court, twopence.

For every execution against body or goods, one shilling.

For every commitment for iqfults or misbehaviour in the court, one shilling

By the gaoler

For every commitment, two Shillings.

Table of fees to be hung up in the courthouse. Whole fees in any cause - to 6 s. 11 d. to the clerk, and 3 s. 11 d. to the sergeants, though such. may amount to more by the table. Penalty on officers taking greater fees, not more than 51, nor less than 40 s. To be applied either to the relief of debtors in gaol, or to be paid to the overseers of the poor where the person forfeiting shall reiide, to be recovered as other debts s and such offence to be deemed a misbehaviour. Deputy clerk to have half the clerk's sees, or 13 s. 4d. for each day's attendance, and no more. No commissioner or officer to act where interested, or who shall sell ale, C by retail. No attorney to be a commissioner, or entitled to any privileges in this court, or employ ed as an advocate. Persons insulting the court to be fined, not more than 20 s. to the poor of the parish wherein the person shall reside ho committed the offence, and in default of payment may be committed to gaol for three days, or until payment. Copy of the foregoing clause to be hung up in the court. No debt under 40 s. and upwards of % s. to be sued for in any other court; except the said court of requests, and the court of portmote after mentioned. Saving the rights of the court portmote of Rochester, constituted by charter in the fifth year of King. Charles the First, This court not to interrupt or hinder the transacting the public business of the city in the Guildhall. Limitation of actions for acting under this act, till ai days after notice thereof, nor after tender of amends, nor after 40 days after the cause of action accrues, and to be laid in the county of Kent. The defendant may plead the general issue, and may have treble cosh. Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the cause of action other than what shall be specifiea in the notice. To be a public act.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting an additional duty upon tobacco and snuff; for repealing certain duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal, the

'mens of Great Britain, parliament ajembled, toward,

reifing the necessary suppliesto defray your Majesty's public expenses.

bavi

*5

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28.

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your afa fifty the fiveral impofls and duties herein after mentioned 5 and do mfl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, From June xt and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and 178*, an act upon all tobacco which, from and after the first day of June, ditiooal one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above tobacco small customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an ported) additional duty of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdu pots, and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

II. And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the menu faure of snuff in Great Britain, it is expedient that a further duty should be imposed upon foreign jnujf imported, in proportion to the said additional duty by this act granted upon tobacco; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be and of td. also raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and per pound o successors, for and upon all snuff which, from and after the portedf im- fakl first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*

shall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an additional duty of eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity.

III. And whereas by an aq, made in the eighteenth year of the Recital of an reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encourag a 18 Car. ing of coinage, a duty of twenty billings pier tonne was imposed upon

brandy, wines, or strong waters, imported into this kingdom 5 and of ratety

in and by the additional book of rates, referred to by an act made in n Geo. 1. re

that eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the lahve to the

Fxrff, spirits called brandy are rated as follows j that is to say,

brandy of France, the tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two Dran

galions, at thirty pounds; brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy,

the tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, at fifteen

pounds; and brandy of all other countries, not otherwise rated, the

tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, at twenty pounds:

and whereas by an a SI made in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for afeer 7 Geo. a.

taining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to 14-

clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their

indentures and contra61s; it was, amongst other things, enabled,

That the same subsidies, duties, and excise, then payable upon brandy and foreign spirits imported, and no more, Should be paid for arrack, imported from any of his Majestfi colonies or territories in the East Indies, and that toe same allowance Should be made on the exporta, lion thereof, as was made upon foreign brandy, or other spirits: and whereas, in order to evade payment of the duties due by law upon brandy cf France, great quantities of French brandy mixed abroad

with

26 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 2$.

[178

with brandy of other countries, have been imported into this kingion from Dunkirk, and other ports in Flanders, under the denomirm tien tf/'flemifti brandy; and by reason of such mixture, and otbei. practises used by the traders therein to disguise the same, it is im> possible for the officers of the eujioms to ascertain the proper duties thai ought to be paid for such brandy, whereby the pulftich revenue is di minijhedy and the fair trader much injured: for remedy whereof, prom June i, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from nd after 1781, the said the first day or June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty dutiet on two, the said rates upon brandy shall be repealed, and the fev* o?bra^vamd ra duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack arrack, ex as herein before mentioned, (except the duties of excise, a I cept excise herein after is provided), and all former drawbacks on theexj duties) to portation thereof, shall cease, determine, and be no longet ccafe paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, New duties to That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand fevea bepaidinstead hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in (lead of the said formerj thereof. rates armj <jutjcs repealed by this act, there shall be raised, Ie {

vied, collected, and paid, for every tonne of brandy, or spirits usually entered under that denomination, containing two huijj dred and fifty-two galions, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom from any place or country beyond the seas, the sum of eight pounds and eight Shillings; and for every tot of arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom, the like sum of eight pounds and eight Shillings; and after those rates so^ any greater or less quantity thereof j anything in any former a or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

New duties said, That the said respective duties herein before granted, shall subject to an be also subject and liable to an additional import or duty of five additional pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same per cent?con regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per certtumii form able to granted to his Majesty by an at, made in the nineteenth year 19 Gtfo. 3. of his reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty oddi

C5* tional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management

of the respective of of the eujioms and excise in Great Britain.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

Dufies to be said. That the said several and respective duties herein before paid upon granted, shall be paid down in ready money, without any dif< importation, count or allowance, upon importation, and shall be raised, le ^fcount*and vc paid, and recovered, in such manner and form,

to be under and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such pe the manage nalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by nuut of the this as the former duties payable to his Majesty upon such mof the*1" articles respectively were raised, levied, collected, paid, and re customs. covered, as fully and effectually, to ^11 intents and purposes,

as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated

and

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28.7

and again ensiled in the body of this present act; and the same

ball be under the management and direction of the respectivo

of of his Majesty's customs and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general

of the customs in England and shall be by him paid

(the necessary charges of raising, coilciting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer,

and appropriated and applied in the following man

ncrj that is to say, two pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence. How to be

part of the said duties on brandy and arrack, to the subsidy on applied

(pints; one pound and one shilling, other part thereof, to the fabfidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; one pound and one shilling, to the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; one pound and one shilling, to the coinage on spirits; and two pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, the remainder of the said duties on brandy and arrack, together with the whole of the several additional duties of fourpence per pound weight upon tobacco, and eight pence per pound weight upon (huff, shall be paid in distinlt and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned; and the additional impost of five pounds ftr centum, granted by this act, shall be paid in as part of the hid impost, granted by the before mentioned alt of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, under the title and description of The impojl one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.'

VII nd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said last mentioned duty of two pounds twelve (hilliifgs and sixpence, being part of the duties on brandy and arrack; and the said additional duties of fourpence per pound weight upon tobacco, and of eight pence per pound weight upon muff, hereby granted and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, (and not otherwise applied), be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for rtijing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establish il a httery.

VIII. And ir is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the former drawbacks upon the exportation of brandy and arrack, repealed by this act, where any bandy or arrack, having paid the duties herein before granted,

1fcau

A book to ba kept in the auditor's office, in which the additional duties are to be entered

Application

thereof.

Drawbacks to be allowed on the exportation of brandy

8?

and arrack, tobacco and fauif.

This act not to alter the duties of excise upon foreign brandy, Ac.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 29, 39. [1782.

shall be again exported by way of merchandise, the merchant or merchants, so exporting the same, shall be repaid and allowed the following drawback; that is to say, for every tonne of such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the sum of seven pounds and seven Shillings; and for every tonne of such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any other place, where such brandy or arrack would have been legally entitled to any former drawback, the Aim of seven pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity; and upon the exportation of such tobacco and snuff from this kingdom, t<j any part beyond the seas, as merchandise, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties, paid upon the importation of such tobacco and snuff by virtue of this act; which said respective drawbacks or allowances shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, redactions, penalties, and forfeitures in all respectsj as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the dutiej of customs upon the exportation of such brandy, arrack, tol bacco, or snuff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal, or any wise alter, any duty of excise imposed by any act or acts o( parliament now in force, upon foreign brandy, arrack, or ftrbng waters, imported into this kingdom, but such duties d\all continue to be paid and applied in the same manner, in all respects, as ifthis aft had not been mad?,

CAP. XXIX.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second] intituled An act for regulating the quartering of so diers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the elections of member! to serve in parliament; for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

10 Geo. 3. c. 50. recited, further continued during the pr sent hostilities.

CAP. XXX.

An act for allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, 01 manufacture, of the inlands ot Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montferj rat, into any ports of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Goods the produce or manufacture of St. Christophers, Nevis, and Mont (errat, may be imported in neutral vessels, on payment of plantation duties; provided that importer make oath to the truth thereof.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 31.

29

CAP. XXXI.

A off for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious bribery and cor

ruption at the laji election of burgesses u serve in parliament fsr the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts: and whereas pub bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be praflized in the aid borough in future, unless some means are taken to prevent the fme; in order therefore to prevent such unlawful practises for the hiture, and that the said borough may from henceforth be duly represented in parliament; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Certain freedom henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every holders inti faeholder, being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall the bo have, within the hundreds or divisions of Highworth, Cricklade* rough of itofky kingjbridgci and Malmsbury, or one or more of them, Cricklade s b the county of wiltsy a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, to give his vote at every election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said borough of.

Cricklade*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right of election of a member or members to serve in Cuilomarj parliament for the said borough of Cricklade, shall be, and is yoters also, hereby declared to be, in such freeholders as aforesaid, and in, ntltled the persons who, by the custom and ullage of the said borough, hare, or shall hereafter have, a right to vote at such election j and the proper officer for the time being, to whom the return of every writ or process does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons to serve in parliament for the said borough who shall have the major number of votes of such freeholders and other persons having a right to vote at such election; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That such freeholders only shall be inno freehold titled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at elections for rs to vote but knights of the Shire for the said county of Wilts y accor&ng to qualified to be the laws now in being for regulating county cledions. county voters.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Freeholders

elession for the said borough, shall, if required by the candi to be (worn.

dates, or any of them, or any other person having a right to

vote at the said election, first take the oath, or, being one of the people called Shaken the solemn affirmation following;

vilrlicety

Do wear, [or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm]y That I am The oath.

freeholder in the hundreds or divisions of Highworth, Crick

lade,

50 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3 r.

[1784.

lade. Staple, Maltnfbury, and Kingsbridge, or any one or mor of them, in the county of Wilts, and have a freehold estate consist eng of*[specifying the nature thereof

and if it consists in messuages'tenements, or tithes, i whose occupation the same are; and if in relit, the names of the owners or possessors of the tenements out of which fuel relit is issuing, or of lbme of them], situate lying or being 0

in the aforesaid hundreds or divisioni or in one or more of them of the clear yearly value of forty soiling over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of to same $ and that I have been in the actual possession or receipt of tin rents and profits thereof for my own use above twelve cakndoi months [or, that the same came to me within the time aforesaid i defeent* marriage, marriage settlement devise or promotion to < benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office]; and that suck fret bald estate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on purpose to qualify me to give my vote j and that the place of my abode \ at in, and that I am twenty

one years of age, as I believe and that I have not been polled before at this election.

Which oath, or solemn affirmation, the proper officer, to whoa the return of any writ or precept for such cledlion shall belong, 'Penalty on is hereby required to administer: and in case any freeholder, 01 committing other person taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appoint ^riwtion C thcrcby comh wilful perjury, and be thereof con thereof nor if any person shall unlawfully and corruptly procurt

or suborn any freeholder or other person to take the said oatl or affirmation in order to be polied, whereby he shall commi such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof convidfeed, he and they for every such offence respectively, shall incur such penalties a are inflicted on persons guilty of perjury, or subornation 0 perjury, in and by two acts of parliament, one made in tto fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth intituled An act ft punishing such persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury 0 suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury and the other, made in the second year of the reign of his lat Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the mor effectual preventing and further punishment of forgery perjury cm subornation of perjury and to make it felony to fieal bonds, notes 0 aether flturities for payment of money, contrary to the said acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ttow officer That such proper officer, to whom any writ or precept shall b to proceed on directed for making any elediion for the said borough, shall receiving ny Upon tfoc receipt of such writ or precept, endorse upon the bad lion. C CC thereof the day of his receipt thereof, in the presence of thi party from whom he received such precept, and shall forthwitl cause public notice to be given within the said borough a Crtcklade* ard the several towns of Highworth* Malmsbury* Swi* don and Woitqn Baffin by affixing up a notice thereof in writ ing on the market houses, or on the doors of the churches i u th

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 32, 33. 31

fa kid towns, of the day of election; and shall proceed to election thereupon within the space of twelve days, and doc less than eight days, next after his receipt of the same accept.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rbt this act shall be publicly read at every election for the Th to W borough of Crickbd/, immediately after the acts directed by ^fourto'an* my act of parliament to be read thereat, and before the persons election.*11* present shall proceed to make such election.

CAP. XXXII.

II act to revive and continue an act passed in the sixth year of the jatgn of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ihipa with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

igeo.] C at recited. Revived, and further continued until March J7*9-

CAP. XXXIII.

faoftfer charging a lamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, pro mijjory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects % the commens of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards rdsing, by the most easy means, the necessary applies to defray your Majtflfs pubttek expenses, born freely and voluntarily resolved to pvt and grant unto your Majesty the several duties or sums of money am efttr mentioned and do moult humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's Ihoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of fa lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Aug.?, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun y thf fol dred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, be paid ind paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and to his n for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, jestys viz.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For every in paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promi(tory land bill of note, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall e*change, be ingrossfed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed" therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the (not payable*(am of fifty pounds, there be charged a stamp duty of three on demaod) peoce: under 50l.-

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of '; piper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory twte, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall 6 j p9be iogrofled, written, or printed, where the sum expressed farein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of

fifty

V

The said duties to be under the management of the cotnmif sioners of the jump duties.

All such bills and notes, not properly stamped to be invalid.

stamp bfiice to make the usual allowance on present payment of the duties.'

The said stamps may be altered.

Penalty on counterfeiting any (lamps dh e&ed to be used by this act.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 35; [4 781

fifty pounds or upwards, there be charged a lamp duty of fu pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and mof effectual levying and' collecting the said duties herein befer granted, the same shall be under the care and management^the of for the time being appointed to manage tft duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; fie which purpose they, er the major part of them, are hefeby quired and empowered to employ the necessary officeri unest them, and to use and provide such (lamps to denote the fai several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do kl other things necessary to be done for putting this act irv txca tien, with relation to the said duties herein befote grantcdv I the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the nrfe

)or part of them, are authorised to put in execution any form aw concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And for bettor feturing the said stamp duties hereby impofik be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and papdr upon which any such bill of exchange, promissory note, 6 other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall be its grofled, written, or printed, shall, before the same shall be in grofled, written, or printed, be brought to the head office so stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper; ani the said of, by themselves or their officers, shall from time to time (lamp or mark, as this all directs, any quan tides of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of tin said 'duty 5 the said duty to be paid by the person or perfort giving such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, a aforesaid; and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, oj other note, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be mark ed or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked 01 stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, shall be pleaded 01 given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to bl good or available in law or equity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any former law relating tc stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the fai< of are hereby directed and authorised to provid and use, shall and may be altered and Tenewed in such man as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, b any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or pa per, directed to be altered and renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or proctire to be counterfeited or forged, an (lamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this adr so the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, with a

inter)

33

i antiaeebdmkcaaiook6mgji 111. C s3

iaffent to dtfraud his Majdto, his heirs and successors of any tfthe said duties i or shall fraudulently use any damp or mark, directed or allowed to be ufod by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or facceflofrs; of any of the said da ties; efr shall otter, verid, or sell, 'afnry vellum, parchment, or paper,liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or inprdgon thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; to every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully tonvided, shall be adjudged a felonf, and shall suffer death as is cades of felony without.benefit of clergy.

VII. And be it further eluded. That all powers, provisions, strides; dailies, distributions of penahies and forfeitures, and all otter matters and things pfrescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the stamp duties on veto, parchment and paper shall be of full force and effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and pot tooppution for the rafsing, levying, collecting, and ficonng, the said new duties hereby imposed, according to the ttse kuent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the feriie had several iy and respectivety beeft hereby enacted With relation tof the said new duties hereby im

VIII. And be it Either toacted, That the several rates and Attics heretn before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the bands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the feyenri duties imposed by this act and pay such duties (the necessary charges of rais ing, paying, and accounting for the same being deduded) into die receipt of the exchequer, for the use and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided tod kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer; a book or books; in which all the moneys arising from the hid several duties imposed by this act, and paid into the said veceipt as aforesaid, shall her entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable td his Majesty, his heirs and fuc ceffoss, 'upon any account what foe Ver; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such Other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be, granted by any id or acts of this session of parliament for this pwptffe, oe a fund for the payment of the several and respective rnmudes, and all such other charges and expenses, as are di ceded to be mud and payable pursuant to an act of this prefect session of parbament, intituled An act for raising a attain sum of mm tf wag of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Hull, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, hr my thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

Voi. KXXIV. D this

All former provisions and

spenalties rearing to the stamp duties shall be in force in levying, Sic. the present duties.

Duties to bt paid to the receiver-general, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Auditor of the exchequer to keep a separate account of the moneys produced by this act.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

34-

and recover tieblc costs.

J

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34* 3$; [! 782;

this a ft, or of any clauie* mritter, or thing, herein contained, such person and perforin shall and may plead the gehetatifiuc, and give the fpocial matter in evifietite for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi shall pnfe sat the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfaited, then such defendant or defendants ibali have treble oofle awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintifi*

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loan or exchequer bhh, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred aid eig^htyitwoj and for consolidating certain annuities, which vtpre miatjoyt feiatj dock by an act made in the thirty fuft year of the reign of hn late oa jetty King George the Second, with certain annuities confdlida$ed by several acts, made in the twfenty fifth, twenty djghth, twrifty frinth, thirty firth thirty second, and thirty third years oftbc reign of hb hid late Majesty, and several subsequent acts;

Commissioners of the tree fury may raise 1, 500, 0061. by loans 3hd fctchfc quer bills, before Jan. 5, 17(3; in like manner as is pffeferibed by the hurt tax act of this feflioft, concerning loans, C The chnifes, te. in the &kd! a ft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except such as charge, th same on the taxes granted by the fold aft, or limit the rate of interest of money on credit of the same aft, and as aftermentioned), extended to this a Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged befort April 6* 17b3. Astron not to lie for inch rsfufal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supptiesi and if Sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1783, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys (o issued to be replaced out of the first up plies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said firm on the credit of this act; an act y St 0 Guk Sc Marise notwithstanding. Redtal o( 31 Geo. a. C ft. The sum of 4, 50010001. (htu from July 5, 178s, with the consent of the proprietory be added to the 3 percent, centals. Proprietors, who shall not signify their dissent before June 6, 1782, shall be deemed to assent thereto.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for providing a proper workbbule and burial ground for the nfe of the said parish and for opening certain communications, and making certain streeu within the said parish.

The reftor, curate, churchwardens, and bvierfters of the poor for th time being, and other ttuftecs appointed. Qn death, refusal oregle to act for tix months, or removing out of the parish, or being reuderedin capable, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, overseers of the poor an veftiymen, qualified as aftermentioned, at the next annual efeftrwi 0 parish officers, may choose by bailot, or otherttise, 'other troftteet to be in vetted with the same power as the former. Meetings of trusteea tube II fourteen days after parting the act, and may adjoqrn themselves.to aoj time and place, and meet as they think proper, and any five Or mon lhay aft. Adjournment (if not a sufficient'ttdrhber of trustees) by tnlftei prewnt or the desk; On three days notiefe on the hardi dbdti to he bo xbore than ten days nemtaftor. Tmftets foafl defray their afqi exprncfct Qualification of trustees, to be proprietor or occupier of an nr oath tenement, charged to the relict of the poor, at the relit of fifteen bounds or more, which hath been paid, and to be capable of acting XV veftty naan, to bold or occupy an house, or otbar tenement, dhargto at yo I. pe sum. to the poor, and having paid thi last rate; Trustcts not to act whe: 'o ...; int*eftfc<i

!$*$ ^totic^f)9; secundo gag&ail IU, c<35*.

jottfetwk igftutjubwa, ^ifij incapable of a$ing as miftesvt truw naflapfwmtf chtckfecqjle&ors, Uirvfyors, and other officer, aiirven or more trustees may think proper, who may remove such ofli nrik pteriore, andfeiow them fahuries. All persons to pay their rates to the coue&ort* and the treasurer to keep distin# accounts of money re eared, and pay money a five or more trustees shall older $ and account recta year, oroftener, and pay the balance, a the trustees ball directi Aid in default be liable to such penalties as Ovtrfeers of the poor in such cries. Mo person compellable to be collector against his will, except over jeertof the poor for the time being, who shall be obliged to collect the pors rate unless the trustees appoint a collector thereof. Officers to gifs security. Trustees may purchase lands, ere or repair a workhouse, red indole a burial ground; or may hire a house, or houses. Accounts to be open to inspedbon of persons paying the rates. Trustees to make fetors relating to the poor; and may contract for employing and main jutabg them, and ptmhh 'the disorderly. Persons buying, or receiving iapawn, anything belonging to the workhouse, shall forfeit 40 s. fur afcnre* C vetted ut theerustees^who may bring anions or prefer indicants in qafe the fiuna are injured, dec. Persons wandering, or begging, sap be sent to the workhouse. Trustees to make rate, for relief of the poori and may take nodes of the land tax. books. Owners of tenements several persons liable to the rates, gates to be allowed by two jritiees, and may be recovered, as directed by 4? Eliz. Churchwardens, defers, and colle&ort, shall account and pay moneys to the trustees and fedr treasurer 5 and on default may be committed to the county gaol till fmad oecompounded with the trustees. Laws relating to the poor to conferee in force. No poors rate to be made contrary to this at, Occupiers of tenements to pay rates for the time they occupy only. Inhabitants allowed to give evidence. Notice to be given of vtftry meetings in the cfanrcb on the Lord's day preceding, on'petolty of aos. on every neglect; to be recovered as other forfeitures by this action complaint of churchwardens, or overffcers of the poor. Utility of opening certain com muni ca fittff, by making and opening ftrtfets across certain fields or gardens, and through black horse Yard; and from thence across Upper East Smithfield lato saltpetre bank, and from nightingale lane into virginia street.

Trustees empowered to purchase buildings and lands, and make and open streets. Persons under incapacities empowered to make conveyances. In case the parties refuse to treat. C the value to be settled by a jury.

Jarors may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on oath. ver d&of jury, C to be final. On payment of the money conveyances to be made. In case such conveyances arc not made, or the parties cannot wiset their titles, the money shall be paid into the bank, subject to the Wort of chancery. Verdict and judgements to be registered, and the lands vested in the trustees. Money may be vested in government securities, for the benefit of the persons in titled thereto. If purchase moneys be wtpaid within three months, verdict, Sec, not binding. Purchase money to be laid out in the purchase of other lands settled to the same uses.

Conveyances of femes covert by bargain and fake acknowledged, and in rolled in the rrgifter office of Middlesex in six months, as effectual as a fine trrecovery. Trustees may reconvey such parts of lands purchased, as are not necessary for the purposes of this act. Trustees may contract for works to be done, and may support actions for breach of contradis, and nay employ workmen, C The trustees to make rates to defray the charges of making communications. Rates to be collected half yearly, feritener, and recovered. Distresses may be made in other parishes or mwhs. Trustees may compound with owners of houses, under 101. ferxdb. for not less than two thirds. Empty houses, Sec. to be rated but reethtrd* How publish buildings, wake grounds, C shall be assessed at lot more than 6d. per square yard. Such rates to be recovered by attoabi the name of the collector. No action to abate on account of thi math of the treasurer or a collector. Occupiers liable to payment of rates and arrears thereof while houses remained unoccupied; to be deducted their relit Rates to be recovered from persons quitting their Da'tenements

6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3d, 37. [1782.

tenementsbydiftrefsand falc, under a justice's warrant, who may ai(bor* der costs. Rates may be reduced on account of poverty, dec. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be impeached. Additional rates to make good moneys lost by collectors. Trustees may act as joftioes. Trustees may borrow money at legal interest, or on annuities! not ex seeding 1, 5001. upon the rates; and at interest 4, 000l. on the new intended streets, and assign the rates as a security, at legal or left interest, payable half yearly. Annuities at 10 percent, and charged on the rates, and deemed indefeasible estates, not chargeable to the land tea. Receipts and orders for payment to be signed and given to the contributors. Annuities may be assigned toties auoties. Rates to be lowered as annuitants die off. All moneys raised to be vested in the trustees. is pences of passing this act to be first paid. Trustees may compound for penalties and forfeitures) but such mitigation not to extend to more thaw One moiety thereof. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distvufs and sale or goods, or commitment to gaol! for not more than two months, nor left than fourteen days, unless tooner paid. Persons aggrieved m*f appeal to the quarter sessions) giving ten days notice. Rates to be altered only in the particulars complained of Trustees may reward informers. Justices empowered to administer oaths. Writings to be Without stamps. Orders and accounts to be entered in books. Procedfiaci not to be ouaftied for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. oimm not to be deemed illegal for want of form only. Plaintiff nor to wfeoouf after tender of amends. Limitation of aftkms sot acting under this wft* not till ten days notice, nor after tender of amends, nor tfrer three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general ifltfe, and have treble costs. To be a publick act.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for raising a farther sum of money, by loans or exchequer hqlft for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two

coromufioners of the treasury may raise 1, 900, 000). by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. the 5th, 1783, in manner as by the land tax act of this session is prescribed, See, The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (except such as charge the same on the taxes granted thereby and limit the rate of interest as aftermentioned), extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1783. Action not to lie for such rehftl, Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid 3 and a fufneient (implies be not granted before July 5, 1783, to be charged on fhc sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first suppfict. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit or this act 3 the act 5 & 6 Gul. & Maris notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the more easy and tweedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Maaeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wen lock, and Dawley, and an extra parochial place called Polnall, in the county of Salop.

Commissioners constihited a court of justice, by the name and style of the Court of Requests for the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, bar row, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparo chial place called Pofnall, in the county of Salop, and ftven, or more of them, may aft, and to meet at Brofeley every Tuesday fortnight, except christmas day, which if on a Tuesday, the court to be held the next pri ceding day. For want of a Aifficient number to act, the court to be adjourned to another day. Power of the of to hear and determine all ftfch causes and matters of debt as shall be brought before them '. as

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37.'

s aforementioiied, and to give such judgement, and to make such inter locasory tod final orders and decrees, and to award such execution with, cots, both against bodies, goods and chattels, of all persons against whom tbs? hall gi?c or make such judgement, order, or decree, as to them fall hem just and most agreeable to equity and good conferences and if the of be equally divided in opinion, him that is first upon tbs lit to have the eating voice. Election of of, in case of desdi, refusel, or neglect, to act for twelve calendar months, to be at*facial meeting of nine or more of (not on a court day), by a ajorky. Clerk and fiojeant appointed, who are respectively to continue lb bog as they behave themselves well in their respective offices. Vic tiaikrs net to bold any place of profit. Election of clerk and sergeant, on vacancy by death, rtfignarion, misbehaviour, or neglect of duty, by a amritoof commissioners at a meeting for that purpose. Clerk to fix a fit of the of in the court house, and to issue summonses, sad regiferorders. Sergeant to serve precepts. Persons may sue for debu oder 4*. Procefe shall issue by summons in writing, directed to the debwr, ifacifjfojg the sum demanded, the name of the demandant, and requiring the debtor to appear at a certain time and place, before the esaoufimners, to aaswer such demand a which shall be served by the fer jpat yerfboally, or by leaving at his place of abode within the limits of tbs court. If the debtor, on being served with the summons, shall

Sthe debt and sees, all proceedings mall Hop. Commissioners may rete proceedings of the court, and administer oaths. Commissioners, oq son appearance of defendant, may proceed ex parts and on nonappearance of the plaintiff, or not making proof of his debt, may award con) and may award execution, and commit the party to the prison to be provided at Brofely, till performance of order, judgement or decree, but not for more than six weeks. And on execution awarded against foods, the sergeant may distrmn (within the limits of the court), and fell tbs sane, and levy the debt and costs thereby. And if the party absconds, or removes his goods, to evade such execution, on proof by the sergeant, or oot witaeft, may award execution against body or goods, till the plaintiff is feqynaid and satisfied. Court may order debts to be oaid by instal meots, ic. On execution, clerk to endorse debt and costs. Execution fall be feperfeded, if the defendant, before actual fele of goods or impri* burnt, or before expiration of the time of imprisonment, pay or tender to the clerk the debt and cots, with i s. for the clerk's trouble, and entering scknowledgement of satisfaction, and also as. (if in prison) for ponces. Sergeant fuffiering an escape, or goods to be removed! to pay debt and cots. Ho attorney or fotidtor to plead or have privilege in the coprt. Qabfication of of, to be in possession of sol. per ann. in lands, teoesksts, or hereditaments, or 400 U persontl estate. Acting without such qualification 50u penally. Commissioners to be sworn as follows 1

1

I A.B. do swear, (or affirm, as the case may be). That I will faithfully, isipsrtiaily, and honestly, according to the best of my judgement, bear and determine all such matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an act of parliament, for the more cafy and fjwedy recovery of feull debu within the parishes of Brofeley, Bentball, Madeley, bar row, Xinley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extra parochial place casted Pofnall, in the county of Salop, without favour or afieftton, prejudice or malice, to either party 1

So help me GOD.

Fees to be taken.

To the Clerk, for catering every canse, sixpence 1 For iflaiag every him mom, sixpence:

For every fubposna, sixpences

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, threepence:

For every nearing or trial, sixpence:

F bearing every witness, plaintiff, or defendant, threepence:

For every order, judgement, or decree, sixpence 1

For a aeafuit, sixpence 1

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 37.' [1782.

For every search in the books, threepence:

For paying money into court, sixpence; if by instalments, sixpence intba pound more:

For taking money out of court, and acknowledging satisfaction in tbs V clerk's bocks, fixp nee:

For every attachment, sixpence

every execution, sixpence:

For every warrant of commitment for an assault, insult, or misbehaviour in the court, or to the commissionets, clerk, or other officer of the same, one shilling.

To the Sergeant.

for the service of every summons, order, or fubpeena, if within the town and parish of Brofeley or Benthail, and attending the court witii the return thereof, threepence $ if out of either of the said towns and parishes, one penny more for every mile from the court hoose, (the distance to be alcertaimd by any seven or more of the said commissioners):

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, one penny:

For executing every attachment, execution, or warrant, againfc the body or goods, within the said town and partfiof Brofeley or Benthad, one. shilling if out of either of the said towns and parishes, three penes more for every miles For carrying every plaintiff, defendant, or delinquent to prison, if appro'bent within the said town of Brofeley or Benthail, one shilling; and if apprehended out of the said towns, throe pence more for every mile.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court>house. Nine commissionert, oaten days notice affixed on thedeor of the court hoofe* may lefien the sees not more than one half, and raise the (ams again 09 like notice, but not more than as aforesaid. Penalty on taking or demanding greater fees or rewards, not more than 5l. and not less than 46s. to the use of the poor (of the parish where the person paying such few or rewards shall reside, or from whom the same were demanded. Clerks and sergeants may be dlf placed. A prifou at Brofeley may be erected for fecunng perfofft liable to confinement, under the power contained in this act. Books, dec. vrfhd in the com min; oners. Clerk and sergeant may appoint a deputy., com inulioners not to act where interested. Perform iundting the court maybe apprehended by a warrant from the commissionm* and taken before justice of the peace, who, upon proof of the by oath of one wimek, suay.fine the offender not more than 49 s. jior left than 5s. to bepaif immediately to the justice, and applied as fines beforement toned, or on default may be committed to Brofeley gaol for three calendar months, or till the fine is paid. Copy of preceding dause to beftuck of in th^edtort house. Gaoler to receive persons committed. Feriont committed Upon execution to be allowed da day during their confinement. No anion for debt recoverable by this a to be brought in an? other court.' 'This act shall not extend to debts for relit upon any tease or contract where the title may come in question, or bn any other real contra $ to debts by reason of any cave concerning wills, matrimony, or anything properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court?; jarior money won at horse cock matches, or any kind of gaming or play j nor for forfeitures on penal Statutes or bye laws $ nor to any debt contracted on a Sunday, (except in physic or surgery, or cases of absolute necessity) j or if no contra, acknowledgement, undertaking, or promise within six years, though under 40s. Penalty for wilful perjary tine same as in other cases by law. Penalty on disobeying the fubpeenas of the court, to give evidence; fine not more than -50s. uor, lffstuan $ $. (and if not paid immediately) to be levied by dittreis and sale of goods, by warrant of seven commissionerr, to be paid to the party at wffofe infiance facts*fpbpcenriftued. Writing to be without stamps. Nothing in this a; &>(&& court of tbcofd at Wenlock. limitation of actions, (or acting undspthisa#, not tilt twenty

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 38.

by* notice, or tender of sm^nda* or unless within three calendar month, sad to belaid in the county of Salop, and not elsewhere, and the defend ant may plead the general issue, and give the (fecial matter in evidence, sad have treble costs. To be a public at.

CAP. XXXVIII.

a to permit the importation of British plantation tobauo from oaj port or place either in America, or the West Indies, or in I Europe, during the present hostilities.

WHEREAS by an at of parliament, made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act to admit to an entry in this kingdom, under certain restrictions, tobacco imported not directly from the place of its growth or produce, and for granting an additional duty on such tobacco, during the present hostilities), it is, amongi other things, enabled. That onj tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the British Sminim in America, which, during the continuance of the present hffflities, Should be bona de imported into and landed at any Bru lish island in the West Indies, from arty island or place in America, tr the West Indies, in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc cefftrs, ball and may be imported directlr from such British island, and ball and may be entered and landed in this kingdom, upon the Oayment of the proper duties due thereon, under the restrictions in the faii ob mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a // mui time, the importation of such tobacco into Great Britain direbiiy from any port or place in amity with his Majesty, either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and during the continuance of the present hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any person to import into Great Britain, in any British ship or vessel duly navigated, or in any neutral ship or vessel*tobacco of the growth, product or manufacture of any British colony or plantation in America, dhre&ly from any island, port, or place, in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or successors \ such tobacco shall and may be entered and landed in any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the same duties as would be due and payable for the lame, if such tobacco had been imported from any British island or place in America, not being the island or place of the growth or such tobacco, although the same shall not be accompanied with any manifest, certificate, or other document, required by the said recited actor by any other act or acts of pareament now in force: and such tobacco shall, in all other respects not altered by this act, be subject and liable to the same fcpuritics, rules, regulations, restriction?, penalties, and forfeitures,

09

Preamble Recital of 10 Geo. }, a. )9*

From June 14, Si, during the present hostilities, British plantation tobacco may be imported from any neutral port in America or in Europe.

4 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39.

[178*?.

...lures, as such tobacco would be subject and liable to, if th

same had been imported direct, from any colony'or

plantation in America any law, custotn, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Y.ptem salts, and also on mineral alkali or fax"forglass, made from salt*and to prevent frauds in

the duties on foulfait, tp b used in manuring of lands.

[Preamble.]

From ]une. 17s*. the following additional and other dutiea on salt to be paid, to his Majesty j viz.

Most graeious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, ta commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards rattling the necessary supplies to defray your public expenses, have freely and voluntarily revived to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional tmf a i duties on salt already rated to your Majesty; also the (eve ral rates and duties on salt, como)oply passed glauber top Mffaeee salts, and on mineral alkali or flux for gfcft, to be made! froeg salt, hereafter mentioned; and.do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadpd; and bp k enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cotumoos- in this present parliament assembled, and by $0 authority of 1 the same. That, from and after the twenty feoond day of jttno, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, thgre shall beraif ed, levied, collected, and paid to and for tb ufeoif his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all salt already rated, oyer and above the rates and duties ppw due or payable thereon by any a or acts of parliament qow ip force, the (Several additional rates and duties, and also for and upon all salts called Glauber or Epsom salt, and alkali or flux for glays, tnadp from salt, brine or seawater, fhc several rates and duties following; that is to say, .'.

For every For every gallon of felt, not being the prpduift os mai>ufacr

gallon of so ture of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after reign salt) on1 _ r.: j_  a. r   j. t.  j L 

the fold twenty second day of June, one thousand seven bun.

*anrl oirrhtif.stun infrt onv rvart czrn/it Rtrifraim dim

id.

died and eighty two, into, any part of Great Britain, the/um of twopence halfpenqy of lawful money of Great, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For evdry gallon of salt, and rod; ialt, that, from and after the said twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hup-

eighty-two, shall be made at any salt works, or be

&c!'in>eg, alccn oat ' ny pit or pits, irt that part of Great passed

land or walesj England, Woles, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fltm of id. iq. One penny farthing of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For

For every gallon of salt and rock

41

Forermrw

buihcl of frit t, C in Scotland, |4

and from

into

yd

For tiwy bond rod of Glauber frit made hi Great Britain,

tot.

For every to of mineral alkali, made of rock frit, C in Great Britain, toe

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39.

for every buftwl of salt that, from and after the said twenty' feeond day of Jonty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any salt works, or be taken out of any yd or pits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., the sunk of threepence of like lawful money i and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: for every bgfhel of ult that, from and after the said twenty most day of Jonty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, hall be imported from Scotland into England jvalts, or towov Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of seven pence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof:

For every hundred weight of all salts known or called by the one of Glauber or Epfm salts, made at any salt works in Groat Brian, which, from and after the said twenty second day of Jim, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, dull be made or produced at any salt work within the kingdom of Great Britauty the fqm of twenty Shillings of like lawful money j and after tint rate for a greater or left quantity: linid for every tonne of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which, from sod after the said twenty second day of June, one thou had seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made of any rock hit or salt rock, or from any brine or Tea water, in that part of cem Britain called England, Waltty and towr\ of Berwitk upon fwmd, and also in that part of Great Britain calied,

that sum of twenty Shillings of like lawful money; and after that ntehr a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, manufacturer T piaqufackurers, of such mineral alkali or dux far glass.

Which said several respective additional and other rates and du Mew duties to tin herein before granted, shall and may, from time to time, be levied and be charged, raided, received, levi|ed? collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, has heirs and successors, by northeast, the such ways and means, and under such management, and fub old duties, jest to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subject to sum allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and directions, in all respects, (not otherwise directed by this act), us the present duties on share or pan by any law or Statute mw in force be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecqred, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all interna and purposes, as if all and every the several and respective powers, authorities, iqethods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, directions, clsuses, matters, and things, were particularly related and again enacted in tha body of this present act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Mo person to ritjr aforegud, That it shall and may be lawful for any person r f person* in Great Britain to take rock salt or salt rock from 2c*for male.

any

M

Jag*ttffcwl'ilf'

ikali or flux for gwft, mitfcoat M U

eeae

vlti

51. to be paid Mr the licence,

and an etfcry to be made of the place where the mineral alkali is to be manufactured, and the rock salt,

Jfcc. deposited.

Penalty on manufacturing mineral alkali without taking out a licence, and annually renewing the same.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39- [1782.

any rock pit, or to take any brine or seawater for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, upon giving seed rity in double the duty of such salt rock or rock salt, bnne or seawater; such security to be discharged upon the proprietor or manufacturer, or his agent, making oath before a neighbouring justice of peace, that all the said fair, for which such bond or bonds ytrert given, were made use of in making such mineral alkali or flux for glass, and for no other purpose whatsoever, and the ofrccr at the same time certifying his belief thereof; and that ift> person or persons whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or have any such salt, brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali or flux for glass therefrom, unlds Inch person or persons shall have first obtained a licence from the tommissioner* of the salt duties, or persons properly appointed dr totbortod by them for granting such licences, for making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, to be made from such (alt rock or rock hit, or from brine or seawater, as aforesaid, or from any other Materials whatever, and shall pay for such licence the lum of five pounds of like lawful money; and which licence, Upon payment thereof, the said commissioners, or those appointed under them for that purpose, are hereby empowered and required to grant accordingly, (unless they shall see just cause to the contrary); and a!(o shall and do deliver in to such of, pr at the salt office next to the place or places where the said mineral alkali or flux sot glass is intended to be made by such person or persons respectively, or to their respect ttve places of habitation, a true and particular entry in writing, under his or their respective hands, containing the particular situation of the place or places, wherein not only the said mineral alkali is to be tmnufactured, but also where the same, and the rock fair br salt rock, brine or lea water, from which the same is to be made, shall be kept, stored, or deposited; and also of every storehouse, warehouse, and other place, to be in any wise used in or about the manufe&uring of such mineral alkilt os fiux for glass: and iflny person shall make or manufacture any mlneraf alkali, or flux for glass, without first taking out such Hesnee as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds 5 and that every person or persons, 'Who shall take oot such licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they, da presume to mike, vend, or use any rock salt or salt rock, from any rock pit, or to take any brine or seawater for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, or to make any mi tieral alkali or flux for glass from rock salt or salt rock, brine ot seawater, or from any otfter materials whatever, and in, the same manner to renew 'such licence from year to yeara paying down the like sum of five pounds for each and cverj new or renewed licence, in manner before mentioned; and II any person or persons shall, after the twenty second day of

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39.

June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, presume to make any mineral alkali or flux for glass, or to make, vend, or use, any rock salt or salt rock, from any rock pit, or to take any brine or fca water, for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, without first taking out fuen licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such salt rock or rock salt, as aforesaid, Salt rock. See, shall be delivered at any of the works or pits, from which the j same shall arise or be produced, for the purpose or under any makiagmi pretext of making mineral alkali or flux for glass therefrom, or neridalkai, shall be afterwards delivered at such work or works, for the pur See. except m pole of making mineral alkali or flux for glass, or stored or de* pofired in any warehouse, (lore, or place, belonging thereto, officer or used therewith, but in the presence of some officer of salt duties attending at, or residing nearest to such salt works or pits, or alkali work or works respectively as aforesaid; and who shall Officer to respectively make and keep an entry in writing, containing the true or real weight or quantity of the salt so delivered at such q^antity^f salt works or pits, and brought in or delivered to or at such al raltfo deli kali works as aforesaid, together with the day on which the vered, C same shall be so delivered at such salt works or pits, and brought into, or delivered at such alkali work or works respectively, as aforesaid; and which entry, so to be made at such salt works or pits as aforesaid shall also contain the name of the person to whom the salt therein contained was delivered, and for the use of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, and to whom belonging; and that a duplicate thereof, Ggned by the officer making the same, shall be produced and delivered to the officer attending at such alkali work or works, at the time the salt therein contained shall be brought in to be there used, ftoied, or deposited. t

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the salt, so to be brought in to be used, stored, or Who shall be deposited, at any such work or works, for the making of suchnfwerxblefor mineral alkali or flux for glass, shall be of less weight or quan the'quan^tity than that contained in the entry thereof at such salt work tity ofiait or salt pits, at the time of the delivery thereof there as afore brought to said, the person or persons to whose use or on whose account the said salt was so delivered, at such salt works or pits as afore work hid, shall be answerable for the same.

V. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That in case any person or persons, io whom or on whose use l*1*00*

or account any such salt mall be delivered at any such bit ^jttt C works or pits secured as aforesaid, shall use the same, or any for any other part thereof, or any acid materials, to be. produced therefrom, purpose atter after being used in the making of such mineral alkali or flux for jr

glass as aforesaid, for any other purpose than that of making^|uaeral alkali or iluxtor glass, the person or persons so offend giafs

ing

44

potothan malting the said mneral alkali.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39# [1782.

ing in the premises shall, upcp conviction thereof, forfeit or pay, for the (alt or add materials so to be used for any other purpose as aforesaid, at or after the rate of double the rates or duties imposed by this present act, or any former act or acts of parliament, on rock salt or (alt rock delivered at or fi-om any works or pits in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, or who shall That in case any person or persons whomsoever (nail, under taifely procure any false or colourable pretext whatsoever, procure any such

salt to be delivered to him or them, at any such (alt works or to them^br Pits as aforesaid, and other wise than for the purpose of being any other pur used in the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, and shall be convicted thereof, the person or persons so (Sending in the premises shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every bushel so obtained.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several officers of the said salt duties to enter into all and every the works, warehouses, and other places made use of by any proprietor or minufadurer of mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from rock salt, salt rock, brine, or seawater, as aforesaid, either for the purpose of (taring or keeping the same, or of (taring or keeping any fmle brine, or seawater, for the purpose or under colour of making the same; and that if any such proprietor or manufacturer that, from and after the said twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, upon due rcoueft or demand made by the officers for the said duties in the daytime, or in the night in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, retufe to permit such officer to enter and come into any such works, warehouses, (tarehouses, and other places, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of forty pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aunty aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any duty on such Glauhar fairs as shall be made or produced in any of the precedes of miking mineral alkali or flux for glass, as aforesaid, and which Glauber salts shall be truly and bona fide expended and consumed In making such mineral alkali or flux for glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afotefaief. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to ex

Officer may enter into the warehouses, cof the nunufa&u rers of such mineral alkali.

Penalty on refu&l.

This act not to extend to ceftain Glauber salts 

nor to the mauufadure of kelp, Jcc.

made in Great rend, to the manufacture of kelp, barilla, or flux for glafe, made

Britain by the incineration of plants.

New duties to be paid into the exchequer separate

in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the moneys arising by the said several additional rates and duties, herein before by this act granted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the

dntia, and, er respe<^ve of for the duties on salt in England and entered accordingly.

Scotland for the time being, at such times, and in such manner.

as

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39. 45

as the present duties on salt are lay any law now in force dkeifted to be paid, (the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and accounting for the same, being deduced), for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, dtftind and apart from all other mooies which such of respectively shall receive for the ofe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the moneys anting from the aforesaid rates and duties, and paid into the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from the other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, hi heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the hid money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer Application is aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and thereof, revenues, as (hah be granted by any a or alts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fond for the payment of thefarenl annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, asaredirt&ed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act raising attrumfitm of money by way of annuities, and for a

Idttry.

XI. And whereas by an act, made in the year of the reign Part of an act if his present Majesty, all soul salt, tailed by the several names of nil Geo. 3.

Grey or Screw Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Cruftinga, or recited. ubtr soul salt traduced in the manufacturing of white, within it kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to be used in the manuring of that god

mtb a duty of four ponce a bushel only, for the encouragement of adtorei and all persons are thereby refrained, under a certain petrify therein mentioned, from employing, or using or con fuming such foul fdtfor t*y other purposes whatsoever than that of manuring of land: m whereat, notwithstanding the restriction in the said act, abufet

art cmmtted contrary to the intent and meaning; therefore, jfroin jjune, f

sir the better and more effectually presenting any abuses ftr the no grey

fettre, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no grey or ferow lilt, or (crow salt, salt scale, sand scale, or crustings, or other soul produced fat whatsoever, produced and to be produced at any of the salt ^ojbiineng works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and land from the town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of such manofadtur white salt as aforesaid, upon, and from and after the twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, sown two, shall be removed or carried away from the works where the said work the same (hah be produced, without notice first given to the without giv. officer attending such works, or who shall reside nearest thereto; ink

tndwithout having been first well and sufficiently mixed; in the j^rfnoririth* prtfence of such officer, at the expense and charge of the ptfr out being chsict or purchasers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, with mixed with common chimney coal soot, in the proportion of two bulhets of foo** hot to one hundred bushels of such salt; and that if any person Penalty.

r persons shall prefame to remove or carry away such foul salt from the said works, without having been so mixed with soot

as

4$

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 40. [1781.

it afoeefakl, hebe, t>r they shall; for every such offence, forfri and pay the sum of twenty Shillings for every bufiiel of such few felt; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflofl and the other moiety thereof to such person. or persons whoflsjj inform.or foe for the same; and to be recovered and levied! fttch manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, j any fine, foifoiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered, by aj law or laws of excise, or by.action of debt, bill, plaint, or infm station, in any of his Majesty's courts of reoosd at iveftm'tnflm wherein no effoio, protection, or privilege, wager of law, j more than one imparlance, shall be allowed W

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefea fotexecotinir That if any person or persons shall, at any rhyme or times, fl this act, may filed, moksted, or prefect] ted, for anything by him or the! plead the ge done or executed in patfinnoe of this act, orofanydause, mm neral issue, er, or thing herein contained, such person and; persona shall all

may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal matter in em dence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdjj shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff and p^intiffs shall become nonfoited, then such defendant or defen

treble costs dants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them agaiad fitch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XL

An act for punishing 'persons wilfully and aiif

woollen, silk, linen, or cotton or any implements prepared see

or used in the manufacture thereof; end for repealing so much tf two affs, made in the twelfth year of King George the a

in the sixth year of bit present as relstes to the punishment of persons defir eying any woollen or silk or any imph*

merits prepared for, or used therein.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many violences and outrages have: been frefunt/j committed by wicked and ill disposed in defraying

manufactures of bool, silk, linen, and attest, and the materials, toils, tackle, and aether utensils prepared for or used therein: and whereas, for the prevention of ftscb violences and outrages for the future, it is necessary exemplary psuufiment Should be upon fiuh offenders

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; am) be it enacted by the king's rood excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritutl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the u psrfons enter, thority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, by day

Imoany house or ty break > aa house or shop or entef foin with intent to any house or (hop, with intent to cot or deftnoy any serge or cut or dastroy other woollen goods in the loom, or soy tools employed in anfc* azrwu*n i hereof; or shall wilfully and maheiously cm or deftnoy say tools ufedtn fi forges or woollen goods in the loom, or on the rack; or tnanufactur* shall burn, cut, or defray, any rack on which any fiieh serges ing thereof, or other woolkn goods me: banged in order to my; or dull. - wilfully

tyst.j' Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. hiwc<4<x 4$.

wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any tools used in tta: making any fitch fcrges or other woollen goods, not having the; content of the owner so to doj every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, (half bo guilty of felony, withoi^t benefit, of clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by e authority aforesaid^tfiat or if any person or persons shall, by daypr.by night, bre*k into itt

houteor (hop, or enter by force h*to any house.orlhop, with manufaaur ioteot to cut or destroy any.velvet, wrought (ilk, or silk mi^ed, ing thereof, with any other materials, or other silk manufacture, in the loom, *11 be <* or any warp or shute, tools, tackle, pr utensils; shall wilfully teloav. and aulicioufiy cut or.fieftrpy any velvet, wrought silk, or silk. r mixed wyth any other materials, ..or, other silk manufacture, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, (oplf, tackle, on utensils, prepared or employed in or for the snaking thereof; or shall wilfully and tnaiiciquily (break or destroy any tools, tackle, or uteo fil^used in or for the weaving or making of any such velvet, wrought silk, or silks mixed with any other materials, or other silk goods or silk manufacture, not having the conduit of the owner so to do every such offender, being thereof lawfully: consicted, shall be guilty of felony, without bepefit of clergy a

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons enter if any person or persons shall, ., by day or by flight; break iottt, 'ns ny ho anyhoufia pr hop, or enter by. force into any house or (hep? jnyt, aoc with intent to cut and destroy any linen or cottqfe.pr 1 inert eittt or destroy any cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen or cotton linen or cotton manufactures, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, anifa?u/f*' and utensils; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any deenvefi euiltr foen or cotton, w linen or cotton. mixed wh any other nuk of felony. tcriab, or.other linen and oottqn'atannfa^ure, in (be loom, or

an; warp or finite, tools, tackle, 'gnd u^nfijs, prepared for or anpldyed in the making thereof; or wufojty and iqalici ously break and destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils, used in or (sr the carding, fpihning, Weaving, preparing, oinmaking, iti. my wray whatever, any such linen or, cotton, or hew cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen omconbn goods; or linen and cotton manufactures whatsoever, not having thd cedent of the owner (o to do; every such offender, being them hwfuhy convicted, shall be guilty of felony, without benefit '. - V

IV. And be it fort her enacted by the authority aforesaid, That partpfugeo. (omuch of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King } M

Gorge the Firfti, intituled An act to prevm unlawful combknthnt

workmen tmpiojtd imikt wethwvnanafaiiures, poj

mat if their wages, as relates to ihe punishment of persons who '. "

(hsil, by day or by nighr, break into any house or (hop, or err.

tyrant mtoaayhoufoor(hop, with intern to cot or defttey'

my urgent other woollen; goods, in the loom, or any tools em 1 ' '*:

ployed in the making, thereof or shall wilfully and tmlielously'*

m or destroy, serges, or wooden goods in the loom oi oothe rack; or ffali bona, cat, or destroy, any rack Oh which., any

4t Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 41;

any such fergei or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry; or shall wilfully and maliciously break 6r destroy any tools u(ed in the making any such serges or other vtobllen goods, not haying the con font off the owner so to' do; (hffll be, 'arid Ur hereby repealed.

Part of 6 Gee. V And be it further ensdted by the authority dfof&aid, That

3m* re so much of an act, made in the sixth year of this reigrii of his p*ajed" present Majesty, intituled An 68 U prohibit the Importation of foreign wrought jius ond velvets, for limited time; etnd sir preventing unlawful tombtoatieds employed in ibtflk mdme

fabutei at relates to the ponhhnfent of persons who (half, by day or by night, break into any house off (hop. Or eriter by force into any house off (hop, with intdit to Cut Off destroy any reiver, wrought silk, or fitk mixed with any other material?, or other silk manufacture, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tods, tackle, or utensils; or shall wilfully and foaliciouay Out Or destroy any velvet, wrought silk, or silk mixed vtith ahy othfef materials, or other silk manufacture, in the lob of, off any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensilt, prepared or employed in or for the making thereof; or (halt wilfully and itfaliciouliy break or destroy any tools, tackle, of utensilt, Used in of for the weaving -'or making any such velvet, wrought silks, of fifttf mixed with any other materials, or other silk goods or silk manofadtore, not having the aeon font of the owner soso do; shall be, and it hereby repealed

Cap. xl

Ad ab for better feeutntgthe freedom of of mtmhefsio serve

id parliament, by disabling certain ofieets, employed in the collection or management ef his Adaftff s revenues, ftim firing votes at fiub ebbioas.

praambw. Tj'o R the better fettering the freedom of ebbitns of members'ta X serve in parliament, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thit present' parliament af promaagk t, sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and af, 7*1, nocom ter the first day of Avptft, one thousand seven hundred and sujfionet or eighty-two, no commifuoner, collector, supervisor, gauger, or gx[nt other officer or person whatsoever, concerned or employed in mdkng or the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of ex managing the cie, or any branch or part thereof; nor any commissioner, col dws ye'comptroller, searcher, or other offer or person whatso icsllbava ever concerne^ or employed in the charging, collecting, lfevy omy vote in >ng, or managing the customa, or any branch or part thereof; the ekdtion of nor any commissioner, officer, or other person concerned or etn members of ployed in collecting, receiving, or managing, any of the duties parliament, on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, nor any person appointed by the commissioners for distributing of damps; nor any commissioner, officer, or other person employed in called!

ing.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4t.' 49

ing, levying, or managing, any of the duties on salt; nor any fartcyor, collector, comptroller, inspector, officer, or other per ibo employed in collecting, managing, or receiving, the duties on windows or houses $ any postmaster, postmasters general, or his of their deputy or deputies or any person employed by or under hita or them in receiving, collecting, or managing the revenue of the soft office, or any part thereof, nor any captain, matter, or mate, of any ship, packet, or other vessel employed by or urtdef the postmaster or postmasters general in conveying the mail to and from foreign ports shall be capable of giving his vote for the eleaion of any knight of the Shire, commissioner, citizen, burgess, or baron, to serve in parliament for any county, stewartry, city, borough, or cinque port, or for chiding any delegate in whom the right of electing members to serve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is veiled: and i any person hereby made incapable of voting as Penalty on aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to give his vote, during the ^oavds?1* time he (hah hold, or within twelve calendar months after he qualified by (hill cease to hold or execute any of the offices aforesaid, con this act. trtryto the true intent and meaning of this act, such votes so given shall be held null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and every person (b offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer and the other moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the; hands of the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, within' which such offence shall have been committed, in that part of Great Britain called England; and into the hands of the clerk of the justices of the peace of the counties or stewartries, in that pan of Great Britain called Scotland, to be applied and disposed of to such purposes as the justices at the next general quarter session of the peace to be held for stich county stewartry, riding, or division, shall think fit; to be recovered by any person that shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster/ut which noefioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary complaint before the court of session in Scotland; and the person convicted on any such suit shall thereby become dibbled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs and successors. t

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Not ta extend

aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any tocommttfio*. person or persons for or by reason of his or their being a com { t

missioner or of of the land tax, or for or by reason persons siting of his or their acting by or under the appointment of such com under them^of the land tax, for the purpose of assessing, levying,

collecting, receiving, or managing the land tax, or any othec rates or duties already granted or imposed, or which shall here after be granted or imposed by authority of parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothingnor to offices in this act contained ftudl; extend, orb construed to extend, to by letters

Vol. XXXIV E any Patent for any

5

estate of in bcritance 

nor to persons who shall resign their offices before Aug. i, 1781. Limitation of actions

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. 0, 42. [1782.

any office now held, or usually granted to be held, by letters patent for any estate of inheritance or freehold.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, tjiat nothing herein contained shall extend to any person who shall resign his office or employment on or before the said first day of August* one thousand seven hundred an eighty-two.

V Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or iroposed* unless prosecution be commenced within twelve months after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLII.

An act for building a stone bridge cross the river of Thames, from the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, to the opposite shore in tbk hamlet of Kew, in the county of Surrey.

Recital of an act 30 Geos. C 63. and an act 31 Geo. *C 46. Robert Tunstall esquire, his heirs, C empowered to build, at his and their expense, a stone bridge cross the Thames, near adjoining to the place where Kew bridge now stands. Satisfaction to be made to the proprietors and occupiers of lands, See. No gravel, (and or mud to be removed between Kew and the opposite aytes. The corporation of London, nor any other persons to remove the fnoals now in the river Thames, for the space of 300 yards below the bridge, except such shoals shall be increased and accumulated, and then they may be reduced to their present level, as the surveyors to be appointed by the city committee, and by the owners and occupiers of wharves and warehouses of Brentfopd 03 the banks of the river shall agree. If the wharf owners, cof Brentford (hast nteledt to appoint aturveyor, the city of London may reduce the ffioals. The bridge to consist of (even arches, the centre one to be 66 feet wide, the next two 5 5 feet, the next two 45 feet 10 inches, and the other two 38 feet inches, and the way for passengers, carriages and horsesover the bridge, to be not less than4 feet wide between the parapets. 344 feet and inches water way. The abutment pier on the Surrey side of the river to be half on the present towing path, and half on the bed of the river. Road to the bridge to be 4$ feet wide. Corporation of London empowered to build a Bight of stone steps is feet wide on the west side of the Middlesex abutment of the new bridge, for the use of the public to be repaired by the Cud corporation. Watermen not to carry passengers across the river to the prejudice of the tolls. Bridge veiled in Robert Tunstall esquire, his heirs nd af signsj who may take toll thereat, as follows s

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other vessele, drawn by six horses, or other cattle, the sum of two Shillings and sixpence

every coach, chariot, laudau, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other vessele, drawn by tour horses, or other cattle the sum of one shilling and sixpence; and on Sundays, the sum of two Shillings:

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chais chair, calasti, or other vessele, drawn by three horses, or other cattle, the sum of one Bulling and twopence; and on Sundays, the sum of one shilling and eight pence 1 For every coach, chariot, landau, berliq, chaise, chair calalh, or other vessele, drawn by two horses, or other cattle, the sum of one.shilling; and On Sundays, the sum of one shilling and sixpence:

For every chaise, chair, or other vessele, drawn by one horre, or other bead, the sum of eight pence; and on Sundays, the lum of one shilling:

For every wagon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by more than six horses, or other cattle, the sum of two Shillings:

For

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42.

Vorevdry wagon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by four, and not more than fi horses, or other cattle, the sum.of one shilling and sixpence; and by two or three horses, or other cattle, the sum of one shilling j and by one horse, or other bead, the sum of eight pence, except hjgjen and bakers carta, drawn by one horse or bead only:

For every higler's or baker's cart, drawn by one horst or other bead only, the sum of sixpence:

For every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of twopence:

Tor every foot pafleoger whatsoever, one halfpenny; and if with a wheelbarrow, or suchlike carriage, one penny t For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the sum of three Shillings and fourpence per (core; and after that rate for ahy greater or left number: For every drove of calyes, bogs, sheep, or lambs, the sum of sixpence psr (core 5 and after that rate for any greater or less number.

xous veiled in Robert Tunstall esq; his heirs and assigns, and mayl>e levied by distressed and file. The driver of any carriage to pass toll free. The proprietor may kflen the tolls, and raid them again. Sale may be made of lands necessary to be made ue of in building toe bridge, by any bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or foie, feoffees in trod, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees for hmaticks and ideott, and other tniftees, and they are indemnified by this ast. Commissioners of the land tax to settle differences touching satis frdion to be made for houses, lands, C Where persons refuse to treat about frle of lands, or are disabled from treating, of are to settle the damage and recompense by a jury. Jury to be summoned by the sheriff. is ro be the jury, and to be drawn as a 3 Geos. directs. wit nefies may be examined on Oath. Jury to a(test the damages. Commi f sioners to give judgement for the same. Verdi of the fury, See. to be fiaal. Two transcnptt of (kid verdicts and decrees to be signed and sealed; one to be transmitted to Mr. Tunstall, and the other to the clerk of the peace for the county. The same, or copies thereof, to be admitted as evidence, C Upon payment or tender of the sum assessed. C the lands frc. laay be entered and made use of In default of a sufficient number of jurymen, (landers by, C to be returned. Commissioners may fine sheriff; jury, barliflv, See. making default in the premises. Fine not ro exceed 40. and to be pkid to Mr. Tunstall. Commissioners or others not toad where interested. Lands, C not to be entered on till payment, or deposit made of the recompense, except to survey and mark out the ground. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Damages omitted to be provided for, to be settled by a jury. On default of payment, to be levied by distress and fate, together with costs; or the party may have his remedy at common-law. Application to be made to the of within six months after damage done. Overflowing of the neighbouring lands, keto be guarded against. Meetings of of to be within to miles of the place where the matter shall arise. Relit assessed to be ptid quarterly. On default of payment, to be fned for at common-law. btfiroying the bridge deemed a capital felony. Boatmaster answerable for any damage done by his boat or crew. When the passage of the bridge shall be impracticable, or become dangerous, a ferry, C to be provided % to be continued no longer than whilst the bridge is repairing. The bridge set rateable to any tax. Rights of the city of London on the river referred to them; The prrifent bridge to be taken down. Proprietor to eteft a temporary bridge, ftc. if needful; to continue no longer than northeast cefikry. No person to carry passengers, ke. cross the said river for hire except where ferries now are. Loaded wagons, C passing over the present bridge, or over any temporary bridge, to be subject to the regulations, both as to weight and breadth Of wheels, of the 13 Geo. 3. c. 14 at if the said bridge was a turnpike road. New bridge made liable to a debt of 3, 600); and interest, due to Eiifha Bifcoe esquire. The as 30 sad 31 Geo. t. to be repealed on the opening the done bridge. Hackney coaches, kc. plying for hilt at the bridge, may be regulated by order of

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1781.

the of of hackney coaches, or two justices of Middlesex, and their orders to be fixed up at the bridge. Penalty on coachmen for non observance of such regulations, not more than 4.0 s. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the use of the poor of the parish of Ealing, to be levied by distress and Tale of the offender's goods, and in default thereof may be committed to the hou e of correction, or other prison of the county, and kept to hard labour for a month. Limitation of actiona t against per Tonnes acting under this act, within six months after the sass, and to laid in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey The defendant may, plead the general iflsue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public attn,

CAP. XLIII.

An act for making a passage for carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate street, in the county of Middlesex, and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those purposes the money arisen by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for applying the Turn of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the orphans fund, for making such pailage.,

va

Act 18 Geo. 3. c. 78. recited. And that 9, 000l. had been paid hythe mayor? &c. of London, by ninety bonds for securing tool, each, to John Spider and John Baker, junior, with condition for paying annuities after the rate of 41. zos. percent, per ann. which was first to be applied towards the expenses of the said act, and afterwards for defraying the expences of the passage, and (alter paying for the said act, the bonds and other incidental expence) the said Spider and Baker had purchased other bonds, and were then possessed of 10c bonds, and also of 3001. Commissioners named, and ou death, or refusal to act for one year of any commissioner, a new one to be appointed by writing under the hands of the other of, on ten days notice affixed on the church door. Meetings of Commissioners to be on the second Wednesday after passing the act, and may adjourn themselves as they think proper, and if at any meeting the re shall not be a'sufficient number of of to act or to adjourn, or that they Should omit to adjourn, the clerk on two days notice to appoint a meeting, and in default thereof any commissioner may. Quorum of of to act not less than five. Orders and proceedings to be confirmed at the next meeting and signed by the chairman. Qualification of corn missioner (not to (ell ale, See, by retail, nor to act where interested, or whilst he has any place of profit under the act, or a share in any contrafi) and to have in right of himself or wife in possession lands. See. of 401. per ann. clear value, or 10001. personal estate. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501. to be recovered by action of debt. Commissioners may appoint clerk, treasurer, surveyor, and other officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to account, &c. Officers neglecting to account, &c. may be prosecuted. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, &c. the offender to be committed. Limitation of confinement to six calendar months. Penalty on officers taking more than their settled sees, fajaries, Sec. tool, to be recovered by action of debt, &c. in six months. For recovery of moneys, &c. in officers hands, in case of death or bankruptcy, to be paid in preference to all other creditors, and to be paid inten days after demand, or may be recovered by action with fqll costs. That Mefirs. Spiller and Baker shall deliver the bonds to the commissioners. The new street to be from crispin street near Spitalfields church into Bishopsgate street. Houses to be taken down vested in the of Sewers to be made in the new street. The position of water pipes to be altered where necessary. Watercourses to be arched over and die new street to be raised. Drains and sewers to be made. Bodies politic, &c. enabled to sell and convey lands, &c. If parties refute to treat, a jury to ascertain the value and damages. The jury to he summoned by precept to the sheriff of Middlesex or London, or bailiff of the Tower liberty, as the premises may lie. Jurors may be challenged. Verdiflos,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44.

jury, Sec. to be final. On payment of the money assessed partial to convey. On failure of making out a good title, Sec. the money to be lodged in the bank. Verdicts, C to be registered with the clerk of the peace for Middlesex, or liberty of the Tower, or clerk of the peace or arraigns of london. Purchase money may be placed in the publick funds. Persons entitled to mesne profits to receive dividends. Unless purchase money be paid lthin three calendar months, verdids not to be binding.* Expence s of the jury to be paid, if for a greater sum than offered by the of, by them, but if for less, by the other party, or deduced out of the money to be paid. Purchase money may be laid out in other estates, to be settled to the like uses. That conveyances by femes covert shall be valid. Mortgagees, in possession of the premises, to quit the same on being paid their principal money with interest. When mortgagees refuse to accept their money, payment into the bank is to be made. Purchase moneys, See. to be p^id out of the produce of the bonds. 'tenants to quit on six months notice. Fines on sheriff, See. or jurymen, for neglect or misbehaviour, not more than 10l. to be recovered with colls, by dittrels and sale of the offender's goods, and applied to the purposes of the act. Adito be executed within five years. Commissioners to buy the whole of any premises, where the owner desires it, and may dispose of overplus ground. Buildings may be erected on part of the ground of the new ilreet or places to be arched over or filled up. New houses to be erected in an uniform fine, and no porticoes, benches or bow windows on penalty of 501. Money may be borrowed on houses purchased, and not wanted immediately to be taken down. Such mortgages may be assigned. The new ilreet to be paved. Penalty on persons not fulfilling contrails to b contained therein, and may be recovered with full colls, to be applied for the purposes of the aground may be hired for digging gravel or lodging materials. Penalties on persons obstructing commissioner* and others in execution of their duty. For the first offence aos. the second 40s. and every other 3l. The parts of the new street, when finished, to be under the respective jurisdictions to which they belong. The name of the new Ilreet to be put up. Expences of this act to be first paid. Actions to be brought io the name of the clerk or treasurer. Writings to be without llamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels by warrant of a justice of the peace, and to be applied to the purposes of this act. In default of distress, the party may be committed to the house of correction for not more than two months, nor less than seven days, if not sooner paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the

?[uirter (cflions; giving six days notice. Distress not to be deemed un awful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions against persons idling under this act, not till 30 days notice, and within six months after the and not after tender of amends; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and may have treble costs. To be a public act. To this act is annexed a schedule of the houses and buildings to be taken down, and ground to be used for making the ppening.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for amending the pavement in, and for lighting same of the streets, lanes, ways, and places, in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the provisions of an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to amend and render more effednal several acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent,) and for preventing nuisances and annoyances in or neaf the same; and for making an opening from orchard street, and widening Tome part of Wopd strees, and of Little peter street.

Sl Act

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44. [1789.

Ad 11 Qcq. 3. C % recited. The houses in the streets, dec. exempted in the recited act are gone much more to decay since such exemption; and the pavements in a ruinous ttate, See. If power was given to amend the pavements, and light the streets, See. it would be a means of raising the value of estates there. Commissioners appointed for those purposes, to feie the vestrymen of Saint John the Evangebft, the churchwardens of Saint Margaret, and seven persons chosen by the vestry there, to be householdefs in ibme of the streets, Sec. to be improved with ten persons to be named by the of at their first meeting, and in care of vacancy of any of the seven for Saint Margaret, by death, non residence, or refusel to act, the vestry to choose another. Disqualification, being a victualler selling ale, C by retail, holding place of profit under this act, or having share of any contra, nor (except the persons named at the first meeting) unless a vet tryman of Saint John the Evangetift, or churchwarden of Saint Margaret, or an householder as aforesaid. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501, to be recovered by adipn, C and the onus probandi to lie on the deteq. dant. Commissioners who are justices may ad as such; except where interested, or as to making rates. Justices may administer oaths. Commit' sioners may bring actions in their clerk's name. First meeting at the vestry room of Saint John on the second Tuesday after passing the ad, and afterwards as they may think proper, and if a fuffibent number do not meet to ad, or adjourn, or omit to adjourn, the clerk may call a meeting on eight days notice, and in default, five of may appoint a meeting in fourteen days. All orders to be made by the majority at publkjc meetings. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Quorum of commissioners appointed to be five. Commissioners may appoint a clerk, treasurer, colie dors of rates, surveyors, and other officers, and persons to remove nuisances, and allpw them falariei. Officers to give security, and to account, and pay the balance, or they (nay be sued. Balance may bt levied by distress. On failure of distreu, C offender to be committed till he gives a full account, and pays or compounds the money due; bat such commitment not to discharge sureties. No person to be committed for more than three calendar months. Officers taking any reward other than their salaries; or being interested in any bargain made by the commissioner; are disqualified from being employed under this act, and tb forfeit 501. On death of officers, or becoming insolvent, exeenton, Set. to account; and to pay the balance in preference to any other creditor; and may plead andjpve in evidence such payments. Commissioners im powered to bring actions against executors, Sec. Streets, Sec. to be paved, amended and cleaafed. Stratton ground, orchard street, Duck lane, Ola pie street, New Pie street, and college street, partly in the parish of Saint Margaret and partly in the parish of Saint John i and also the Great and Little Almonry, the New Way, New Tothill street, dacre street, cooper street, and Castle lane, wholly in the parish of Saint Margaret; and luce wile all other streets at present excluded from the provisions of the ad ir Geo. 3. before recited. Commissioners may bring actions for breach of Chntrad, and recover the penalty, to be applied to the purposes of this act. This act not to extend to Dean's Yard, nor to extend to any streets, &c'. but those particularly named. Inhabitants to give notice to the surveyor when pavements want repair, which he is to view, and (if not from water pipes) the of to order the same to be repaired by contrador in a certain time, and if not done, he is to forfeit to s. per day till repaired, one half to the complainant, and the other for the purposes of this. ad. Lamps to be put up. Penalty on persons injuring lamps. Sec. wilfully, may be apprehended by warrant of a justice, or by the person seeing such oifcnoe committed without warrant, and others may assist, and to deliver the offender to a peace officer, to be dealt with according to law; and if the pa>*ty shu be convicted of wilfully breaking, jtbrowing down, or ebunaging any lamp, or exttnguishing the light, or damaging the polls, irons, or for oititre thereof, by confession or information on oath, to forfeit for the first o#vsf Q. for the second 40*. and for every other 3}. and also to make fatsta&ion for the damage done, which if not immediately paid, to Jbe committed to gaol or bridewell for Westminster, for not more than tiro Afciths nor Ids than ten days, if qo^sooner paid. Satisfaction to be made

bt

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44.

by perftms negligently breaking lamps. See. to be ascertained by a justice, and levied by distress^and sale of goods. Penalty on interrupting workmen, ndt more than 40s. nor less than 5 s. Property of lamos, C vested in the commissioners. Penalty on causing annoyances by casting, thrown ing, or laying ashes, filth, carrion, offal, blood, dull, dirt, or rubbish in any of the said streets, See. for the first offence 5 s. for the second 78. 6 d. and every otrver 10s. Nutft rices to be reihoved on three days notice. Penalty on neglect ao s per dy during the continuance after. Persons removing night soil Contrary to this act may be committed for not more than two calendar mofttht, nor less than ten days, and kept to hard la boor, and the of may order not more than aos. nor left than 51. to be paid to the detestor and prosecutor. Goods, and also carriages, obstracting the pafftge, rtiay be seized, and (ecu red tilt the offender pays all ceils, and also 5s. and if notclaimed in two days may be (bid, and the money arising therefrom applied to the purposes of this act. Fences to be made against waste grounds tn teti days after notice, of may be done by the cm nuffioner*, and the party to pay the expense, which may be recovered py acton with costs. commhboriers empowered tp purchase certain tenements, Scc. for widening streets. If parties cannot agree, a jury to be fommoiied; who shall affeertaifi the recompense Sec. to be made to owners sod occnpiers. Verdict of jury. Sec. to be final. Commissioners may fine the (beriff, dec. making default. Witnesses may be examined on oatiu Expences of tl|e juries and witnesses to be paid by the of if the money more than they have offered, if left by the other party. Bodifca politic. See, empowered to sell. Time limited for paying purchase mo'three calendar months, oc the judgement. Scc. to be void, if a jury is hot called according to notice given, it shall not be done at any time afterwards. Power to make rates, not exceeding the yearly fohn of 1 s. 6 d. in the pound. Rates to be allowed by two justices, and power given to Ibvy the same by distressed and sale of goods and in default of goods, may be committed by two justices to gaol or the house of correction for tp months, it the rate and costs are not fboner paid Occupiers quitting without paying fates, may be followed. Rates may be sued for. Empty houses shall be afleffttl at one half, to be paid by the owner, or by the first or other occupier, who may deduct the same out of his rpnfi, and the landlord to allow the same. under tenants, See. liable to the rates, Those rates (hah be? recovered as others and deducted out of rents. Publick build lags and dead walls shall be assessed at 6d. per fqirare yard per ann. coni missioner may mitigate rates Power to make re aueftinents if the collector becomes insolvent, or embezzles the money collected. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Commissioners may borrow money at in tejrdft, of raiie money by sale of annuities. Annuities at the rate of 101. percent, per ann. and the purchase money for any one not more than s50l. and the whole sum to be borrowed not more than 1,000l. of order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his interest aryi annuity 5 which shall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed inde feafib&eestatesi not chargeable to the land tax. Securities may be aligned, todes quoties As annuitants die, the rates ho be lowered. Moneys may be raised by sale of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, for the payment of the iriterest of the money borrowed. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised. Commissioners may compound for.penalties. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods by warrant of two justices; and in default of goods, the party may be committed, for not more than two months nor left than ten days, it rate and costs be not paid before. Appeal may be made to the of*afterwards to the quarter session. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session; giving eight days notice Distressed not to be unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends made. Writings exempted from stamp duty. Proceedings to be entered in books, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not removable by Certiorari. In habitants exempt from former laws, except the recited pairing act of it Geo. 3. Scc. Limitation of ace

tiout

5 6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 45.  178a.

tien* for ageing uncfer this af not till ti days notice, or if amends be tendered, nor after six calendar months, and to be laid where the matter arose; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal master in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public a.

Preamble

After the end of this session, all persons holding contracts for the public service, shall be incapable of being defiled, or sitting in the hoole of conpqops.

CAP. XLV.

An act for refraining any person concerned in any contrast, cmmif fton, or agreement, made for the public service, from being ebftei, or sitting and voting as a member of the house of commons.

FOR further securing the freedom and independence of parliament, be it enacted by the king's rood excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, any person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any person whatsoever in trull for him, or for his use or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, in the whole or in part, any contra, agreement, or commission, made or entered into with, under, or from the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or of the navy or victualling office, or with the mailer general or fyoard of ordnance, or with any one or more of such commit, sioners, or with any other person or persons whatsoever, for or on account of the public service; or shall knowingly and willingly fumish or provide, in pursuance of any such agreement, contrail, or commission, which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any money to be remitted abroad, or any wares or merchandise to be used or employed in he service of the public, shall be incapable of being cledfid, or of sitting or voting as a member of the house of commons, during fbp time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy, any such contrail, agreement, or commission, or any part ot (nare thereof, or any benefit or emolument arising from the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, being a member or the hbufe or commons, shall. dircluy or indirehly, himself, or by any other person whatso ho?danyco^ ever ifl tri for him, or for bu pie or benefit, or on hisac uaft after the count, enter into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute, in commence the whole or in part, any such contrail, agreement, or commis ment of the fion as aforesaid; if any person, being $ member of the house h?$xfeat shall commons and having already entered into any such contrail, be void. agreement, or commission, or part or share of any such contra, agreement, pr commission by himself, or by any other person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or benefit, pr upon his account, shall, after the commencement of the next session of; parliament, continue jo hold, execute, or enjoy the same, or any part thereof, the seat of every such person in the house of campions shall be, and is hereby declared to be void.

Not to extend

III. Provided always, and bp it enalied, That nothing hereifi ratedtrachng detained shall extend, pr be copfirped to extfnd, to.apy poo companies.

Any member accepting a contra, or

57

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 45.

trad, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, Or accepted, by any incorporated trading company in its corporate capacity, nor to any company now existing or established and confiding of more than ten persons, where such contra, agreement, or commi (Don, shall be made, entered into, or accepted, for the general benefit of such incorporation or company.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this a Not to extend contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any coo

trad, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, or accept farm year ed, before the passing of this a, the term whereof will expire in the space of one year from the time of making thereof.

V Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any con ciauferelative trad, agreement, or commission, has been made, entered into, to cootra&s or accepted, with a provision that the same shall continue until which are not a year's notice be given of the intended dissolution thereof, the ayw'iinosce same shall not disable any person from sitting and voting in par be given Lament until one year after the said notice flull.be actually

given for the determination of the said contra, agreement, or commission, or till after twelve calendar months, to be computed from the time of passing this avi.

Provided also, and be it eo*ed. That nothing herein Not to extend contained shall, extend, or be construed to extend, to any person to contracts by on whom, after the passing of this a, the completion of any

contra, agreement, or commission, shall devolve by defeent or possess iimitation, jor by marriage, or aa devisee, legatee, executor, or fan. F admunftrstqr,: uotii twelve calendar months after he shall have been ip possession of the same.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any person who Members

is now a member of the house of commons, and holds and en holding coo joys any such contra, agreement, or commission, as aforesaid, ^schargs6* may be discharged from the execution thereof on giving twelve therefrom on months notice to the person or persons with or from whom such giving is contra, agreement, or commission, is made, entered into, or ntes accepted, of his desire that the same shall cease and determine; ncc and such contra, agreement, or commission, after the expira. of the term aforesaid, shall be null and void.

VIII. Provided also, That if any person actually possessed of Cltnfe relative a patent for a new invention, or a prolongation thereof by a to patentees of parliament, and having contracted with government concern for

ing the obje# of the said patent before the passing of this a, fentl0nf*

(hill give notice of his intention to dissolve the said contra, the Aunt shall be null and void from the time of giving such nolice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person hereby disabled, or declared to be incapable to sit or vote in parliament, shall nevertheless be returned as a member to serve for any county stewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, in parliament, such cle#ion and return are berpby enacted and declared to be void; and if any person, disabled and declared incapable by this a to be ele#ed, shall, tftertheend of thi? prefem session of parliament, prefiujie to

If any person hereby difqut lifted shall be elected. Inch ele#ion shall be void. Difsbled persons who (halt sit in the house of commons after

s8

this session, Sham forfeit 5001, for each day.

A condition to be inserted in all public contract, that 00 member of the hoofc of common! shall have any share thereof. Penalty on. contractors who shall admit any member of the house of commons to any share of their mttra&i. V

Limitation of actions.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 46.

[178)

sit or vole 96 a member of the'hbttfe of common 1, such perfd so sitting or voting shall forfeit the fain of five hundred pound for every day in which he shall sit or vote in the said house, t any pecton or periods who shall foe for the same, in any of his Majesty's couru at and the money so forfeited (ha

be recovered by the person or persons so suing, with. full cofl of suit, in any of the said courts, by any action of debt, bil{ plaint, or information, in which no essoin, privilege, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be also CD j or by summary complaint before the court of session in Sm land, and every person, against whom any such penalty or for feiture shall be recovered by virtue of thit ad, shall be frot thenceforth incapable of taking at holding any contrast, agree mem, or commission, for the publkfc service, hr any share there of, or any benefit or ednoimnent fmm the same, in any marine whatibevetv

x*and be it enacted, That in every such contract, agreement or commission, to be Mtfdey entered into, of accepted, a aforesaid, theta shall be inferred an p*fs condition, that m member of the house of common! be admitted to any share a part of such cdatract, agreement, dr commission, or to any be' nefit to arise therefrom: and that ifl case any pdrfon or period) who hath or have entered mtb or accepted, of who shall erne into or accept, any such cimtract, agreement, or commission shall admit any member or members of the house of common! to any part or share thereof, or to receive any benefit thereby, all and every such person and persons shall, for every (bch offence, forfeir and pay the fdm of five hundred pound) to b recovered, with full costs of salt, in any of his Majesty's court of record at Westminster, by any person or persons who shall fui

for the same, by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no enbin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, 01 more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by fumroarj complaint before the court of session in Scotland.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty inflicted by this act, unless a prosecutibh shall be commenced within twelve calendar month) after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred;

CAP. XLVI.

An act toenome his Majesty to a peace or truce with colonies in North America therein mentioned

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is essential to the and prov

V fptrity of Great Britain and of the colonies or plantations of New Hampshire, maflachufeps Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the thru lower cm ties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Sooth. Carolina, and Georgia, in North America, that 'peace,

trade, and copmerte, Should be between them:

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georg niil c. 47.

miser a fall manifejlalien tf the earnefiwifi) and dtftre tf Jut JA

e/lj and his parliament ta put an and tt lie calamities tf war, be it Traded by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the jfeice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho ity s fthe Came, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma His Majestr*efly to treat, coofult of, agree, and conclude, with any commis impowend to loner or of, named or to be named by the said co conclude oaies or plantations, or any of them respectively, or with any ody or bodies corporate or politic, or any a (Tenthly or adem, North dies, or description of men, or any person or persons whatso America j met, a peace or a trace with the said colonies or plantations, or my of them, or any part or parts thereof any kw, act or acts tf parliament, matter, or thing, to the contrary in any wise not '*

II. And, in trier tc tbviafe any impediment, tbftath, dilap, tt

be carrying the intentions of his Majesty and his into '

00, which might arift firm any after alls tf effelliag

r relating tt tbt find colonies or plantations, be it further enacted

y, the authority aforesaid, That, for the concluding and efta "d, for that ddhing of a peace or truce with the kid colonies or plantations; "2*,

any of them, his Majesty foall hare foil power and authority, suspend the ry virtue of thit ad, by his letters patent, undo: the great seal operation of aortat Britain, to repeal, annul, and make void, or to fafpeod; soy &* Co far

or any time or rhymes, the operation and effect of any act or acts* '*

A parliament which relate to the kid colonies or plantations, ionic,*"

ir anyf them, so far as the same do relate to them, or any of

hem, or any part or parts thereof, or any clause, provision, or

natter therein contained, so far as such clauses, piroaifions, or

natters relate to the kid colonies or plantations, or any of them,

n any part or ports thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act, as to the exj Continuance tcifc of the powers andauthorities hereby given to his Majesty, of this act. hall continue to be in soil force until the hrft day of July, one

bouknd seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLVII.

& ohfor lictnfsng lottery offset beepers, and regulating the salt of lottery tickets.

WHEREAS atilotteries, except such as art permitted by Preamble

y V of parliament, are contrary to law, and under vat

ins fiatntes tf tils realm: and whereas, to prevent tbt abaft tf

vb lotteries os for the time being ore tftabbjbed by au ef parliament,

its fit that there Jbtuld be a permanent regulation, bite of the hep

riif lottery offices, and of the salt tf lottery tickets: and ushereas it

it become a commmprallice in London, and other places ef Great

io, to have offsets for selling tickets in lotteries in Ire

knd, by Iriftt alls of parliament: and whereas it is thought expedient

lotoew tf the selling futb irish tickets within Great Britain, on tbt

'riwj of having tbt Jalt tf them under the same regulations as art

herein by

Irilk tickets

rv be sold in Tame manner at brithh tickets.

No person to keep a lottery, office without taking out a licence from the lamp office.

Each licence to cost 501.

Licence to set forth the name of the person taking out the same, C and to continue in force for one year.

[7

Anrife vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

herein-aft$r appointed for tukets in lotteries tjlablished by British a of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may. vnacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent m jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritti and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afieri bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be law to buy and sell, within all parts of Great Britain, (except with the universities of Oxford and Cambridge), any ticket or tick in any lottery or lotteries now authorised or hereafter to be an thorised by any Irish act of parliament, or any share or shares i any ticket or tickets in any such Irish lottery or lotteries, in fi same manner as if such Irish tickets were tickets in a lotto established by an act of the parliament of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Asti publicly or privately, open, setup, exercise or keep, by himfa or berjelf; or any other person or ersons, any office for buyinj selling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets, or for registering tt numbers of any tickets in the lottery authorised by any act the present session of parliament, or in any lottery which (hi be authorised by any sature act of parliament; or in any lottei now established, or hereafter to be established, by any Irishof parliament; or shall, by writing, printing, or otherwhi publish the setting up, or using any such office, without fiti taking out a licence for that purpose from the of fa managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and pi per, for the time being, in manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said commissionen or any three of them, are hereby empowered and required, b writing under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for ai office for selling and dealing in lottery tickets, authorised b law, to all and every person and persons applying for the same but, previously to the delivery 6f any such licence, and before i shall have any effect, there shall be paid, over and above al other payments to which the person or persons taking out fuel licence may be respectively liable by any other act of parliament whether as brokers, or otherwise, the sum of fifty pounds so every such licence, at the lamp office, at the time such licenc shall be delivered to the person or persons applying for the same and every such sum of fifty pounds shall be applied towards dc fraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this act and rithcrwtfe.ia manner herein after prescribed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such licence (hal set forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the same; and also the particular house or plao whetefech business or dealing in lottery tickets shall be carnet

on; and such licence shall continue in force for twelve calendai

months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every perfor acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expiration of such licence, without the authority of a new licence, to be taken out in the same manner, shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed person.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. 1 61.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no lino licence so pace shall be granted for having any such lottery office as afore in

id within the tmiverfities of Oxford and Cambridgt, or either of oxford or eo j and if any licence shall be granted for any such lottery Cambridge. Bee within either of the said universities, it shall be void and; no effect; and the person or persons acting under such licence all be liable to the same penalty as an unlicensed person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Person keep rfoos who shall open, setup, or keep, any office for buying, ng any office King, or otherwise dealing in such lottery tickets, as aforesaid, ^a^to f any shares thereof, or for registering the numbers of such forfeit diets, without the authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in iy other house or place besides that named in the licence which r, (he, or they shall have, or in any other manner contrary r such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this present i, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred Hinds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Certain words id pehons to be licensed under this act, shall cause the words, to

unfed to deal in Lottery Tickets to be written or expressed, in " ch i^fed

pbk characters, upon or near the door in the front of his, office.

er, or their office, (hop, or other place for selling of tickets, to

enote that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers

1 lottery tickets, and liable to take out a licence; and if any

tribn or persons shall presume to sell or deal in such lottery

diets as aforesaid without complying with the said provision,

e, (he, or they, so offending, shall, for every day in which such

fence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty

Dunds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on tns whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged [erin"*r lil r counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any LI cence.* ence authorised to be made by this act for the purpose afore

ud, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause to be altered, or assist a altering, any such licence as shall be really granted under this d, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counter wted, or altered licence, such person or persons shall, for every sch offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety hereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other noiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be covered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any f his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster> in which no fotn, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, hall be allowed; and shall also be subject to imprisonment for ach term, not exceeding six months, as the court, in which he party offending shall be oonvided, shall appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and All persons werythe person and persons to whom any such licence as afore fak, ns out kid shall be granted, shall, at the time of receiving such LI 1

give security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc his Majesty. j b&m, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with two or more:

'Sufficient

6i

Condition

thereof.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

[17?!

sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said commissione* or any three or more of them; of which bond the conditi shall be, that if such person or persons shall well and truly coi form and observe all the regulations and provisions of this m to far as he, she, or they shall be concerned therein, such bor shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; at the said of, or any three or more of them, are herj by authorised to take the said bond; and if, at the end of t

year for which any such licence shall be granted, it shall appear, I the satisfaction of the said of, o

licensed per

or any three or mo of them, that the person or persons entering into any such bot hath or have acted in conformity to the diredhons and pro lions of this adit, during the year for which the licence mall I granted, then die find of, or any three or more j them, are hereby authorised to cause such bond to be deks Up and cancelled; but otherwise the said of 1 (unless they shall see sufficient reason to forbear from profa tien) cause every such bond to be prosecuted.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any per

of^an^ffwce or persons>lo whom any such licence as aforesaid, (hah be j against this CD shall be convicted of any offence against this act, whet]

against J act, shall forfeit their ll i cence, see.

Nobofiness to be transacted

_ C

prosecution of the bond to be given in manner aforesaid, or o prosecution for any penalty whatever under this acts, such cob viction shall operate as a forfeiture of such licence, and fro thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said commissionei may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the person or persons so convicted a licence in future.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no such office for fottd tickets, and so to be licensed as aforesaid, shall be open/or ffl offisbessrc* transaction of any burfiness, under such licence, before the ho eight in the of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eigr morning, nor of the clock in the evening, except on the evening of the Sattn after eight in say preceding the drawing of any lottjny 5 and if any such oflk or place shall be wilfully kept open, in point of time, contrar to this act, the person or persons licensed to keep such oflk shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XII. And whereas the dividing of tickets in a lottery into vet small shares has been found mischievous; be it further enacted, Ths if any person or persons, so to be licensed as aforesaid, (half fe

the evening, Exception.

Penalty on

re^htthan an or ares of any ticket or tickets in any loi

sixteenth, tery, than a sixteenth, or publish any proposals for felting an ftnaller share or shares, every such person shall, for every o( fence in so doing, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and ftirtha the contract on every such sale of a (mailer share than a fibl t^enth shall be void in law.

XUE Andy in order to prevent auadvenhtring with lottery tick its in any such lottery as afirejaidy other than Jueb as shall necessbrii. from the real and asluaffiie of fnth ticketsy and of fuels ban

A ftf thereof, as are hereby permittedi be it further ertacted, That it (h -4* not be lawful for any person or persons to sell the chance d chances of any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as aforesaid o f

dung  fe,

II Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. 63

fqraday, pr any Ids time than the whole time of drawing in tty such lottery, or to insure for or against the drawing of any sech ticket or tickets, or to receive any money or goods in con deration of any agreement to repay any sum or sums, or to deliver the lame, or other goods, if any such ticket or tickets foall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other chance or tffent relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the istine of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or under pay pretence, devise, form, denomination, or defection whatsoever, to promise or agree to pay any sum or sums, or to deliver tty goods, or to do or forbear doing anything for the benefit of any person or persons, whether with or without considers sion, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, or to pubtish any proposal for any of the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or per Penalty ifoos shall offend against this act in any of the matters aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum ttf fifty pounds; stod further, the contrail in every such case jkau be void,

XIV. And to prevent filling bares of tickets by any persons) exit tbi real proprietors thereof and selling fharei of any ticket beyond t member of shares equal to the whole thereof; be it further ensiled, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to Penalty on ell any share or shares of any ticket or tickets, in any such lot persons selling Ltery as aforesaid, without being the owner or owners of such ticket or tickets at the time of selling such share or shares there proper.

I of, or to sell any share of any ticket beyond such number of ty, j^hares as, being added together, shall be equal to the whole of ifiieh ticket; and all and every person and persons who shall of t field against this act, in either of those respects, shall forfeit the tom of fifty pounds.

il.

XV. And the more effectually to prevent abuses in the felting of \jbares of lottery tickets, be it further enacted, That the said com commission uaifliooers, or any three or more of them, shall, before the time rsto estabitfh hertin after appointed for the commencement of this act, efta ce m, blish an office, in the city of London or Westminster, for the de Westminster of tickets intended to be sold in shares; and every ticket where tickets*in. any such lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into shall be depo. or sold in shares, shall be brought to the said office, and shall be before r, there deposited and left with the receiver-general of his maje stamp duties, or same person or persons to be appointed by. jbsm to receive the same; and who is and are hereby authorised d reauired to receive the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every agreement for, Aliagrm* e sale of a share of any such ticket or tickets so to be deposit msot for gttt* aforesaid, shall be expressed on a piece of written or print (bases toba'paper, vellum, or parchment, and shall be impressed with me mark, device, or (lamp, to be from time to time prescrib*

by the said of, or any three or morel of them, for

that purposes hut the said weeiver general, or the person or -

X personss

Receivers

neraltogtvca

receipt for tickets

brought to be feared

All such tickets to remain in his custody three days after they are drawn

The numbers of ail tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the asm*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1782.

persons so to be appointed by him, shall not deliver out, impre&d with any mark, device, or (lamp, more shares for any one such ticket than, being added together, shall amount to the value of a whole ticket, nor shall so impress with any mark, device, or (lamp, any smaller share than a sixteenth, or any share of a ticket other than such as is permitted by this a: and if such receiver-general, or the person or persons so to be appointed by him, shall deliver out any share, other than such as he or they are hereby authorised to have, impressed with any such mark, device, or damp, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general of his Majesty's lamp duties, or such person or persons, so to be appointed by him to receive tickets to be divided in (bares, shall, upon the receipt of any such ticket, or any number of such tickets as aforesaid, give a receipt in writing for the same; which receipt shall express the day of receiving the ticket or tickets, the lottery to which the ticket or tickets shall belong, the number or numoers of the ticker or tickers so received, and the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and also that such ticket or tickets is or are received in pursuance of this act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the hands of the said receiver-general, or such person or persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such ticket in the said lottery, so to be deposited with the said receiver-general, for the purpose of being afterwards sold into shares, shall remain and continue in the custody and possession of the said receiver-general, or of the person or persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, until the expiration of three days after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery; and that, on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery, such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, Upon producing the receipt of the said receiver-general, or of such other person or persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for the same: and in case any such ticket, so to be deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the end of two years from the day of the drawing thereof, the money (if any) to arise by the sale of such ticket shall be retained in the hands of the said receiver-general for the time being, and be applied in defraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this act, and otherwise in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That a book or books shall be kept by the said receiver-general, or the person or persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and redder in such book or books, the number of every lottery ticket which shall be deposited in the said office, in pursuance of this act, together with the name or names of all and every such person and persons who shall so deposit such ticket,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C 47. - 6$

and also the number of shares into which each such ticket shall r of share be (o divided as aforesaid; and any person shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and irifpedt vj<ied. such book or books, on payment of the sum of twopence to the iid person or persons so to be appointed by the said receiver-general as aforesaid; the money arising from such payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this adlj and otherwise in manner herein after specially provided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon the leaving and de*for e*cb pofiting of any lottery ticket, at or in the said office, with the said receiver-general, or such person or persons so to be appointed as officeron de aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, the person or persons who pofiting tick shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said receiver tin the general, or the person or persons so to be appointed by him as office aforesaid, for each share into which every such ticket shall be

divided by the said officer or officers, the sum of twopence; and the moneys arising from such fee, to be paid as aforesaid,

shall be accounted for, from time to time, and shall he paid and applied towards the expence of keeping such office for the deposit of lottery tickets as aforesaid, or in defraying any other expenses of the lamp office in the execution of this act, and otherwise in such manner as is herein after specially prescribed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on ions shall at any time or times fell, or agree to sell, any share or shares of any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as aforesaid, ticketwichouf otherwise than by a written or printed agreement, on a piece of a stanrp. paper, vellum, or parchment, (Vamped and marked by such officer or officers, and in such manner as by this act is before prescribed, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counter forging or feited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any such receipt as a, ltrlll8 reis

by this adv required to be given, on deposit of any ticket or fam*

tickets to be divided in shares, or any (lamp or mark by this act with a fraudu required to be put on any share or shares of any ticket or tickets lent intention; or shall alter, or cause to be altered, or assist in altering, any such receipt or stamped share, whether by adding or taking away any word, letter, or figure, in such receipt or stamped share, or shall fraudulently make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or stamped share; all and every such person or persons, being convicted of any of the offences before mentioned,

shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fees and Aims of All money money which shall, under this act, be received at the tamp of received under fice, or by any officer or officers thereof, in the execution of the

trust reposed in such officer or officers, and of which the appll reiver cation is not herein before directed, shall be paid into the hands general, of the receiver-general of the said office for the time being, and he shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof and there vouxxxlv. F out

66

Application

thereof.

Penalties how to be recover? ed and applied.

Justices may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4 [1782.

out shall pay the expense the said office shall tie put to in ext cuting this act, and also in defraying the expenses attending the commission made forth for managing, direckng, and drawing, the lottery established by an act made in this session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain Jinn of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery), in such manner as by the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, be appointed; but subject nevertheleft to such rules and orders, in respect to the same, as shall be given to the said of, from time to time, by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and as to the residue of such sums of money, the said receiver-general shall pay such residue into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are so directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys, paid into the said receipt under this act, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any other account; and such moneys, so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer under this a, shall, from time to time, be refefved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by authority of parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties which shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against this act, (except where a different mode of prosecution is herein-before specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or other division, in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender; and one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same, and the Other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and in case of nonpayment of any such penalty, it shall be levied bydiftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and Teals of such justices; and the overplus of the tnoney raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective justices, where they shall see cause to mitigate or lessen any such penalty, to do so accordingly, in such manner as they in their discretioa shall think fit, the reasonable costs and charges of the officers or informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation,

and

iyfrz.] Amo vliefiroo fccwdo geofccti III C 48. 6f

m.d. so as Rich mitigation do not reduce the pqpaky to lets than one moiety thereof, over and above the said cods and charges; anything contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be Limitation of liawe to any profecatiott for any offence against this act, where aion

by any pecuniary penalty shall be incurred, unlefe such prosecution shall be commenced within twelve months after commission Of such offence; and if any suit of action shall be proiefcuted in England against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the ge General issue nerri issue, and give this act or the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the de fendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his her, or their action or actions after issue joined, or if on demurrer or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble coftfr the same as any defendants have by law in other cases

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall begin commence to have force on the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand fe" " ?f th "ten hundred and eighty-two 3 and from and immediately after

ihe commencement thereof, an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled; An act for lictnfing and ijgeo.^c.aii regulating lottery office keepers), and also so much of any other ad repealed, or acts made before the present session of parliament, in respect to the regulation either of the keepers of lottery offices, or the sale of lottery tickets, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; but such repeal shall not operate upon, or to the prejudice of, any action, suitor prosecution, which shall be commenced or depending before the commencement of this act

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for charging a duty on persons whose property shall be insured against loys by fires

Most gracious Sovereign,

wei youf Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the supply granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament by ways the least burdensome to your Majesty subjects, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned 3 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From June day of June) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there4*

shall be raised levied collected, and paid throughout the king y!ariy^ vjbe

Fa dom

6s

paid for every iool. insured from loss by fire.

Public hospitals not liable.

The duty to be under the management of the commissioners of damps.

No person to keep an insurance office without a licences

The corporations of the Royal Exchange, and London insurance, excepted.

of are to gi ant licences.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. [1782.

dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the yearly sum of one shilling and sixpence upon every sum of one hundred pounds, and foin proportion for any greater or left sum, that is or shall be insured by any person or persons in or by any policy of insurance for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandises, or other property, from loss by fire.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any public hospital to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this al.

III. And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, toileting, and paying the said duty herein before granted, be it further enacted, That the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such fabrics and incidental charges, as shall be necessary; and to do all other acts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this ain execution, with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no person or persons shall publicly or privately insure, or open or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire in Great Britain, without first taking out a licence for that purpose from the commissioners for managing the lamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude the corporations of the Royal Exchange and London assurance, (being chartered companies) from assuring houses, furniture or goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from fire, in like manner as they now do, without taking out any licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this act, the commissioners for managing the lamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised and required, under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, to all and everybody and bodies politic or corporate, and person and persons

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48.

persons applying for the same; which said licence shall set forth the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same, and ah the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shall, at the time of taking out such licence, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Penalty on and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, who or k*spins an which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one*hcenc^or* thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall insure, or setupnanyman or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, ner contrary merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, without the to thi* authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in any other house or

place, except the house or place to be named in the licence under which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons, shall alf, or such other house or houses or place or places as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such licence, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to anybody or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons having such licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit, for very day in which such offence shall be committed, the (urn of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons, shall receive on any such day.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Person tak and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, to whom, n out!, ce.n or which any such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at

the time of receiving such licence, give security with sufficient Majesty. sureties, to be approved of by the major part of the said of of stamp duties, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum as the said of may think reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons respectively, for half a year; with a Condition of condition, that if such person or persons, or body or bodies po the bond, litkk or corporate, shall raithfully make out, sign, and deliver, an account of all money received for the said duty, and well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters, and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force. Licence to

IX. And be it further enacted, That every licence to be taken continue in put under this act shall endure and have force only for one year force for one

F 3 from year o, ay

7q Anno vicesimo li^ C 48.

[178a,

from the day of granting the same; but if a licence fhatt he granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them dial die before the expiration of the year, it shall continue until such expiration in favour of the survivors or survivor of the persons licensed.

X. And whereas great part of the buftnefi of in fur antes against hfs by fire is transacted at offices kept by companies not incorporate, but tonfijling of a great number of partners; be it therefore enacted, Clause relative That where such btrfiness of insuring is carried on by such com to companies parties not incorporate, or by a greater number of partners than rp0 schjr' ^cenc^ to be granted by the said of of rate*in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or

more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership, as shall be named to the said of under authority from such company or partnership; and in every such case, the licence shall continue in force until the end of one year from the day of grafting the same, notwithstanding the deaths of all the persons to whom such licence shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership. office keep

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every person jtis, on grant and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, so to of^insurance*, con^ as aforesaid, who or which, from and after the said are to receive twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and the duty pay eighty two, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring pro able to hi perty from loss by fire, or shall continue o insure on any po to^ivea rey themselves, or such other person or persons as

ceipt for the are ls> or shall be employed by or under them, previously to lame. the granting or continuing such policy of insurance, ask, demand,

and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons whose property shall be so insured, the Turn of one shilling, and sixpence for every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and foin proportion for any less sum; and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid, as and for one year's duty on such policy, from the day of the date thereof; and in default of receiving such year's duty, in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to his ma jessy, his heirs and successors, for the said year's duty, as if the lame had been actually received.

XII. And, in order to regulate the payment of the yearly duty im

jtofed by this afi, during the continuance of the polities of insurance

within this act which shall be granted after the said twenty fourth

day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two; be it fur

Persons to be there enacted, That the person or persons who for the time be

tncured Hull ing shall be entitled to the benefit of any such policy, shall, at

pay the duty tlc cnd of the year, for which such policy shall be granted, or

within fifteen days thereafter, and so at the end of every subse the inlurer, J.'e r, -.

quest year, during the continuance of such policy, or within

fifteen days thereafter, pay, or cause to be paid, to the intbrer

or insurers in such policy, one year's duty, in respect of this a,

at

*7vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48.

the rate aforesaid; such insurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for the said du tj, to the person or persons paying the same; and in case of orlofe the any default of payment of such year's duty, within the time

aforesaid, and before any loss shall be sustained, the policy of m p0lcy* iofui'ance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purposes vhatjoever.

ISLAND, in respect to the payment of the aforesaid duties on such policies of insurance within this act as shall have been granted kifori the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and etghty two; be it further enacted, That the payment of How the du the said duty on every such policy rtiall commence and be paid in manner following; (that is to say), on every policy upon sugranted* which the premium has been paid for one year, or for one year before the and a fraction of a year, one year's duty shall be paid on or with commence in fifteen days after the day on which the next yearly payment ntftui* of the premium shall become payable, after the said twenty a fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and at the same time there (halt be paid a proportional part of the duty for such fractional part of a year, (not being less the quarter of a year), as shall have elapsed from the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and on every policy, upon which the premium has been paid for more years than one year, the said one year's duty, and also the said proportional part of the duty for such fraction of a year as aforesaid, rtiall be paid on or within fifteen days after the expiration of the year which, on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, rtiall be current under such policy; and the said duties shall be afterwards payable yearly, during the continuance of such policies, in the same manner as is heroin before provided in respect to policies of insurance which shall be granted after the said twenty-fourth day of 7unet one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and the person or persons, who shall for the tispe being be entitled to the benefit of any such policy as shall have been granted before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall accordingly pay or cause to be paid the said duty to the insurer or insurers in such policy, in manner herein before mentioned; or in case of any default, such policy shall be void, so far as regards the insured, to all intents and purposes whatsoever #.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Policies'for case of any policy of insurance for less time than a year, the in ej*rt^ a sured person or persons shall be liable to pay only so much of proportional the yearly duty of this act, as shall bear a proportion to thje ly; fraction or part of the year for which such policy is or shall be

given.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case as also those of any policy of insurance for one or more year or years, and ^rs^and^ art of a year, the insured person or persons shall, so far as re posa

F 4 gards year.

How the du'y shallbepaid on new policies taken out before the expiration of the old ones.

Clause relative to insured perfo's not reddentin Great Britain

When the infuriate money, on taking out a policy, is paid for several years, the insurer may receive the duty for the same term, C

When the proper y of the' wiiuitd thail

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. [1782.

gards such fraction or part of a year, only be liable to so much of the said yearly duty as shall bear a proportion to such fraction or part of a year, if the insured person or persons shall, on the first payment of the said duty, pay as well the proportion of the duty for such fraction or part of a year, as the whole of the first year's duty; except a fraction less than a penny which shall not be accounted for.

?VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of talcing out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old one, for the sake of insuring a greater or different sum, the same proportionable abatement of the duty, which under this act shall accrue on the new policy, shall be made, as the insurer or insurers shall make in respect of the premium of insurance.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in respect to all policies of insurance which shall be subsisting before the pacing of this act, if the insured person or persons in any such policy shall, at the time of the passing of this act, not be in any part of Great Britain, all and every such person and persons shall have one month to be computed from his, her, or their return, for making the first payment of the duty which shall become due from such person or persons by virtue hereof; ancj in the mean time, and until the expiration of one month from the day of his, her, or their return, the policy and policies of all and every such persons, notwithstanding any default of payment of the duty imposed by this act, shall be in full force as if this act had not been made.

XVIII. And whereas in the case of infur antes Qgainjl loss by fire for seven years, or any number of years more than one year, the peri fens whose property is insured frequently pay, on taking out a policy of insurance, one entire sum as the premium for the whole term, in jlead of paying an annual premium; and in such cases it may be convenient to pay the duty hereby imposed for the whole term of the policy by one payment in the same manner; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and everybody and bodies politic or corporate, and person and persons, being insurers against loss by fire, within this act, to take by one payment the duty hereby imposed for the whole of the term for which the policy hath beep or shall be granted, if the person or persons whose property shall be insured shall so desire; and in consideration of such prompt and immediate payment of so much of the said duty as by the terms of this act would not be payable till a future time, and in every such case, such insurer or insurers shall have authority to make the same proportional abatement of the duty as the said insurer or insurers hath or have made, or shall make, in consideration of receiving the premium for tyre whole term of insurance by one payment.

XIX. And whereas it frequently happens that the property of per font insuring for terms of years cease and determine before the expiration gj the term for which the said insurance was made, be it enacted, That where the property of a person, insured fora term of years, shall terminate or cease beture the expiration of

the

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 73

(he term of which such insurance was made, that the commis cease before fxmers of the stamp duties may, and they are hereby authorised ^eh?xp^, on and empowered, upon proof made of the truth of the said fast, he overplus 10 allow and pay back to the person or persons respectively ap money to be pointed to receive the said tax as aforesaid, so much of the said returned, duly or rax as (halt appear to have been paid for the unexpired term of the said insurance.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and everybody A true ac and bodies politic or corporate, or other person and persons,

which or who, under this act, shall obtain a licence for any jnrance\>f

office of insurance, shall, from time to time, keep a true and ficeofthepo

fcithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the num licies granted,

ber of the policy, or instrument of insurance, which, from and nd to whom,

after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven C

hundred and eighty-two, shall be issued or granted by such body

or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the

time for which the same is insured; and also the day of the

month, and the date of the year, in which such policy shall be

utued; which said account (nail, at all times, be open for the

inspection of any person or persons duly authorised, under the

bands and seals of the said of for the lamp duties,

or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and everybody and Directiont re bodies politic or corporate, and other person or persons, who ^tive to per or which shall have any licence under this act for an insurance u^newfo? ofice within London or Westminster, or within five miles of either offices within of them, whether the licence of such body or bodies politic or London or corporate, or other person or persons, shall or shall not extend

to any office out of the aforesaid limits, shall, on the twenty of th^ftune! ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the said commissioners of lamp duties, or some person or persons authorised by them, at the head office, to receive the same, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid, which shall have been issued by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons licensed to keep offices of insurance respectively, and shall be, on the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ouidanding, or be accountable for under this act, and shall at the same time pay all the moneys which shall have been received by them respectively on accoqnt of the aforesaid duties, and before the said twenty-ninth day of September; and from thenceforth (halt, sometime within two months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of Mariby the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, or at such other times after the expiration of the said tv o months as may be appointed by the major part of the said of of the lamp duties, giving a previous public Qjtice of fourteen days or more, by advenisement in the London

Gazette

n

Penalty on default.

Directions relative to persons taking out licences for offices more than five miles distant from London and Westminster.

Anno vicesimo secundo Geojigh 111. c. 48. [1782.

Gazette deliver, or cause to be delivered to the (hid comwif sioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office of the said of, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices body or bodies politic or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case shall be; and at the same time shall pay such sum and sums which shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for receiving the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the said head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every default in not delivering true copies of such account, the fom of five hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the moneys due on such accounts, double the amount of the phoney so due and payable at the time of such default.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every iofo rance office or offices, body and bodies politic or corporate, and other person and persons, which or who shall, under this act, obtain any licence for an office of iqfurance, not within London or jvijlminfttr, or within five miles of either of them, without having any office within the said limits named io such licence, shall, on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the head distributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and for the county in which such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, so to be licensed, shall have their chief office of insurance, or to the person or persons duly authorised and comn^fiioned, under the hands and seals of three of the said of for lamp duties, to receive such accounts, and the money due thereon, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid as shall have been issued by such licensed person or persons, or body 01 bodies politic 'or corporate, and shall, on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, be outstanding, or be accountable for under this act$ and shall, at the same time, pay all th moneys which shall have been received by them respectively, ot account of the aforesaid duties, before the said twenty-ninth da] of September j and from thenceforth shall, same time within tw< months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty fiftl day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, a at such other time after the expiration of the said two months as may be appoints by the head distributor, or the person or persons Jo to be authorized to receive the said duties, giving a previous notice C fourteen days, or more, by advertisetnent in the London gozetu or in the newspaper, if any such there be, published in and fc the county where such head, distributor resides, deliver, or caul*. t

75

1782.i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48.

to be delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or per foiu aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such lieenfed infarer or insurers, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case qiah be; and at the same time shall pay to such head Penalty on distributor, or other person or persons so to be authorised as default, aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of forfeiting, for every default in not delivering such accounts, the sum of two hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the moneys due on such accounts, double the amount of the said moneys due on the said account at the time of such default.

xxhi. And it is hereby enacted, That the said receiver-general An allowance of the ramp duties at the head office, and the bid head distri of 1 sin^of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other per t*the (on or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said com office keepers missioner of lamp duties to receive the duties by this aim for receiving poled, shall make an allowance to all and every the person and the duty, and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, so to be LI JJ* censed as aforesaid respectively, for their own use and trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out such account as is herein before directed, at and after the rate of one shilling in the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein before contained.

XXIV. And whereas the persons employed in receiving and account i for the duties hereby tmposed, are not appointed to such offices. by.

tu crown, or by any persons authorised by the crowny out are autho Receiving the rized and required to receive the said duties by virtue of this att3 be duties grant it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such persons so cm ed by this act ployed shall not, on account of receiving or accounting for the shall not dif ia?d duties, be thereby disqualified from voting at any election ?odng for or elections of members to serve in parliament, any law or la members of lute to the contrary notwithstanding. parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal Penalties to

ties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in manner belong half to following; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong to his to

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moidty thereof, tjjc informed with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform

or sue for the same, id any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed', or in his Majesty's court of sessions, or court of exche,

Suer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great 'retain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor raation, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time Duties to be to time, into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time pdtothe king, of the duties on damped vellym# parchment, and paper, j^ral^an^by i who*7

7 6

him paid into the exchequer.

Applicjati

thereof.

ttion

Persont sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 49, 50. [1782.

who shall keep a separate and distina account of the duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are direacd to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by ivory of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be sued, tnolested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defencej and if, upon the trial, a verdia shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to reaify a mistake in an act of this session of parliament, with re spea to preventing the importation and running ot tea into this kingdom, in armed vessels having letters ot mark, or other commission* from the admiralty.

Cap. , of the present session recited. A mistake in the recited act ratified, by leaving out the word not, and making it any tea exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, Ac.

CAP. L

An act for further continuing an aa, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing and enabling of to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public ter vice 5 and what defers there are in the present mode of receiving, colleaiqg, issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and tf feaual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

20 Geo. 3. c. 54, and 11 Geo. 3. c. 45, recited. Thomas Anguish, Arthur Piggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beaclicroft, and George Drummond, esqrs. appointed of to examine and flare the public accounts of the kingdom. The recited aas to continue in force after July 5, 1781,

(except

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 51, 52.

(except where altered by this act) and maybe executed by any three or more of No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit doling pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the of to be firorn before the chancellor of the exchequer, Sec. The oath.

I A.B. do swear, that, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, 1 will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and tnifu vested in roe by an act, intituled An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing and enabling of to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving! couecting, listing, and accounting for pubiicjc money) and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said ferrets can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public, acccpding to the tenor and purport of the said act.

The said three of to administer the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury to pay s, ooool. to the order of the of, for the payment of derks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other Kcefiary charges of executing the act. Executors of accountants to attend of, and execute their orders. Continuance of this act one year, from the 5th of July 178s, and no longer.

CAP. LI.

An act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damage, interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made default in certain payments due to the public, on such payments being made at a future stipulated time!' and to enable the said company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their flock for the present year.

Recital of 11 Geo. 3. c. 65. A statement bath been made up of the profit and loisof the company from March, 1781, to March, 178s, whereby it appears that the net profits of the company, in that year, did not amount to so much as a dividend upon their stock, at the rate of 8 percent, per m. try the sum of1, 013 1. Commissioners of the treasury may allow the company further time for payment of 396, 4661. s. 6d. due for customs, and 100, 0001. due the ift of December, 1781, to such time as they think fit, not exceeding the first of April, 17835 on payment whereof the com play shall be indemnified. The company empowered to set apart, between March 1, 178a, and March 1, 1783, a Aim sufficient to pay a divided of 8 percent, on the capital of 3, 100, 0001. stock, and to charge the ferae as a oebt in the annual account to be made up to the 1 ft of March, 17855 and if any deficiency in the annual account, to be carried forward is a charge in the account of the fuccetding vear. The deficiency in la ft yen's account to be tarried forward as a charge in the account of the present year.

CAP. LII.

fa act for preventing the slaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom.

Edinburgh greatly extended by authority of 7 Geo. 3. c. 17. Slaughtering of cattle within the city prohibited. Flesh may be sold in the city. Magiftmesof Edinburgh empowered to order nuisances to be lemovtd. ^uffioners appointed to settle damages, and recompense to be made to corporation of flelhem their award to be final, and may be given in ftiface. First meeting of the of appointed July i, 1781.

17 assessed for daqiages to incapacitated persons, to be placed at in

78 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 554 54.

[178

terest in Hie bank of Scotland. Corporation of Aethers not liable to pe iralty for flautbtering cattle, till the commissioner* have executed the act Right of election of the corporation of ffeibers saved. Ground whereof the slaughter hoefes now stand may be sold. Bod Let politic, C eml powered to sell houses and around. Money pud for entailed estates to t hid out in purchases, and settled to like uses. Penalty on breaking ad throwing down lamps; for the first offence not more than 90*. frerhng nor under so s. for the second, and every other offence 50*. or on non payment may be committed to the house of conreftion for not more thai three months, if forfeiture not paid in mean time. Lord provoff and ma gi Urates to determine offences against the act. Rights of the city refereed Application of penalties, one moiety to the charity workhouse of Edinburgh, the other to the informer who shall foe, C To be a publick act.

CAP. LIII.

An act to repeal an act, made in the year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain.

[Preamble. 6 Geo. 1. c. 5. recited, and repealed.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the above mentioned act, and the several matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed.

CAP. LIV.

An act for, retraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perrin esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time ] and f dilebvering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting C alienating the same.

Sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, heretofore governor and president of Fa Saint George on the coat of Coromandel in the East Indies, and Pen Perring C (choir, lately one of the council of the settlement a sore laid, n to go out of the kingdom before Feb. 1, 17.83; and before Aug. 1 C 178 each to enter into recognisance, with two sureties, in the court of exch quer, in the penalty of xoo, ooool. for sir Thomas Rumbold, 50, 000l. fj his sureties, none less than io, ooool. and 50, 0001. for Peter Perring efi and 20, 0001, for his sureties, none less than 5, ooool. with condition ni to go or depart out of this kingdom before Feb. 1, 1783. For taking, ei tering and inrolling whereof only tos. to betaken, besides the stamf duty. In default of entering into proper recognisances before August 1 178s, to be committed to the Fleet prison, C Sir Thomas Rumboj and Peter Perring esq. shall, before Nov. 1, 1781, deliver into the coul of exchequer two particulars of their respective estates, goods, &c. BRONS of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to tl fpfaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house I commons. If the particulars shall appear evasive or unsatisfactory, k the barons of the exchequer are to examine the person delivering the sara upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any summons fro

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 55.

(he fifid barons, they tuny issue their warrant for apprehending the de taker; loan refuting to be examined, &c. shall be committed. Per fens detaining any port of the property of sir Thomas Rumbold, or Peter farfagefq. or able to give information concerning the same, mid who flail refuse to come before the said barons, &c. when lawfully Cum mooed, fall be committed. Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring esq. disabled from aliening or encumbering their real estates, until Feb. i, 1783; and )fb from assigning their personal effates, except for the subsistence of rbeafekes and families, or for paying their just debts contracted before April 19, 17s13 and except perifnable goods, and so much of their respecttyre estate as will indemnify their sureties. Praviso, that sir Thomas Rumbold may pay or secure 30, 000]. and Peter Perring 10, 0001. as a provision for their children, in case of marriage, which is not to be affected b7 such recognisance. This act not to difeble sir Thomas Rumbold dr Peter Perring esq. from dtfpofing of their eft a tes or pffcfts, in case they foal! die before Feb. i, 1783, &c. If sir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. Hull, before Feb. i, 1789, convey any of their moneys or effects out of the realm, (except as is excepted), they, and their aiders therein, stall be ponrihed as felons, and suffer death. Persons who shall conceal sty effete belonging to sir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. and fail not (if in the kingdom) discover the same before Jan. 1, 1783, (and if oat of the kingdom, in six months next alter thesr arrival) to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to his Majesty, the other to the informer, with costs, and to fofftr imprisonment for an whole year without bail. Persons making dhcovery of any estate or effects concealed, to be allowed twenty percent, if such estate, &c. beyond sees, and 10 percent, if in the kingdom, out of the net produce. east-india company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, &c. Persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India to have an allowance of so percent, of the net produce, and the governor and council of Bengal and Fert Saint George and Bombay respectively, may sue for and recover such discofcred estate, &c. in the name of the east-india company. Persons in tafia rbo lull secrete any estate real or personal after six months, from the rhyme of entering the particulars upon record, to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to the east-india company and the other to the informer, with costs. Forfeited estates, &c. to be paid into the exchequer. To be 1 pa Wick aft

CAP. LV.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments $ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver m their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in dties, corpora rioef, and borough towns, whose id millions have been omitted to be lamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or nftlaid i and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; tod to give farther time to such persons as have omitted to male asd file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys ssd fbliciton.

Perfenr who fcafre omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. 1. flits.c. 13. Act 13 Car. s. stat. t. C 1. Act 15 Car. C s. Act 30 Car. t. sat. s. C n Act 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. Act 9 Geo. 1. C6. Act 18 Geos. C so, and aft 6 Geo. 3. C 53. before the periling of this act; and who Hull, on or before Dec. 5, 178*, qualify them (el vet, shalt be indemnified against forfeitures. Not to indemnify any person for any penalty weaned by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing appointments and ad milfoils before Dec. 5, 178s, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as dark, officer, or member of corporations, C may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 56.

[178

and damages incurred by reason of omissions Not to extend to rest ore person8 to any office avoided by judgement Persons who shall canfe affidavits to be wed before Michaelmas term 178s, are indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified; may plead the general issue.

CAP. LVI.

An act more effectually to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Luke, In the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a workhouse, within or near the said pari Hi, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the said parish

the reftor, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, for the time being, and the vestryraen and their successors, for ever, appointed trustees, and (even to be a quorum. No contractor to be a trustee. Trustees to pay their own expenses) may borrow 4, 000l. and assign the rates as a fear rity, Assignments not to be chargeable with any stamp duty. Or may raise the said money upon annuities, at not more than 8 percent, if the annuitant is not under forty 'five, nor more than to percent, if not undo] fifty, nor more than is percent if not under sixty, nor any annuity for life under fortyfive years Annuities to be paia quarterly. Names of the persons lending money, and also of the annuitants, to be entered io 8 book. Annuities to be charged on the rates s and shall be exempt frost taxes. Securities assignable, and annuities may be transferred. Memoranda or extracts of assignments to be entered in a book. Annuitants to have an order signed by the trustees, C authorising the churchwardens to pay 1,000l. of the moneys in their hands, on account of tbd poor, to the trustees, for the purpose t of the act. Trustees may purchife or hire ground in the parish of Saint Luke, or in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch: may build a workhouse thereon. No contrast shall been < tered into for building the workhouse until fourteen days notice be given. Persons in the workhouse not to gain a settlement in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch. Trustees may hire a workhouse. All contrasts to be entered in books. Assessments to be made; not to exceed 6d. in tbs pound per ann. Principal money borrowed to be paid off by the sating, which when it amounts to 1001. to be laid out in flocks, and disposed of as the trustees shall direct. The interest and principal, and annuities, ati to be paid as five trustees shall direct in writing. The rates shall be paid for houses let out in lodgings, or ready furnished, by any occupier thereof. The goods of lodgers, C liable to be distrained for the rates) and the lodgers, Sec. to be allowed the same out of their rents Lodgers dm. to obtain any settlement by payment of the rates. Rates to be recovered as the poor's rates by act 43 Eliz. C In case of distress expenses may b levied, which shall be settled by the justices granting the warrant. Th rates are to be recovered from persons removing out of the parish, bj distress and sale of goods. Distress not illegal for want of form. pl&intd not to recover after tender of amends. Collectors, See. to account, am pay the balance. On refusal they may be sued. If balance be not paid! it may be levied by distress On failure of distress, C offender may bj committed, until he gives a true accountg and pays or compound, and dq livers up all papers, C Expenses of this act to be first paid. Writings C to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, ri Limitation of actions, for acting under this act not till twenty-eight div notice, nor after tender of amends, or after three months after the fast and to be tried in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general itfu? and give the special matter in evidence and have treble costs. To be public act.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57;

8l

CAP. LVII.

An act for building a new bridge, instead of the present ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient place over the liver Loyne, near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Power to take down the ancient county bridge, and erect a new one opposite Skerton Cross, and to make an highway over the waste without paying for the same. The said new bridge, Sec. not exceeding in length 670 feet. Power to remove obstructions where the bridge is to be built, and to cut drains, See Mayor, See. of Lancaster to make a road over the Green Area, but not to prevent William Bradshaw Bradshaw, Esq. or any other personi, from having such right of ways as they are entitled to over the said Green Area. New bridge to be a county bridge, and repaired as such. Roads, when made, declared to be publsck highwayss thofein Skerton to be repaired by the inhabitants of Skerton. Road over the Green Area to be a public highway, and to be repaired by the corporation of Lancaster. In indictments, lu (Resent to allege generally that defendants ought to repair, See. Power to dig, Sec. materials in waste ground, gratis and in private grounds, making satisfaction. Justicet to contrast with proprietors for materials, Scc and to settle the recommences and if any per soils tliall be diffathfied therewith, or shall be prevented fjom treating, a jury shall be summoned; who shall assess the damage and re cdtnpence on oath. Verdict of jury, C to be final., On payment or tender of the money attested, justices may employ men to carry on the works: and they are indemnified for what they shall do. Expense of taking down the old bridge and building the new one to be defrayed out of the county rates. Penalty on damaging the bridge. Power to sell the materials of the old bridge, dec. Power to dispose of the ancient bridge to the commissioners of the Quay of Lancaster, under aft is Geo. 3. C St. who may keep the same up or not and on twenty days notice, that the new bridge 2nd roads are passable*, the county discharged from repairing the old bridge, and the same to cease to be a public bridge or highway. The same tolls to be taken by the corporation of Lancaster at the new bridge as they were entitled to take at the old one. The claims of compensation by Mr. Bradshaw, for damages to his mill and fishery, and by Mr. Mafom, for the like to his houses in Bridge Lane, to be tried: to be brought in six months after passing the act, by actions, in any court of record at vmminster, against the treasurer of the county, to be tried at the next ifoes for the counties of Lancaster or Westmoreland, at the election of the plaintiff. If no damages ave found, the plaintiff to pay the colts, and for ever debarred from any recompense but if a verdict for the plaintiff, the record and pbftea to be delivered to the clerk of the peace to be filed, and the cods and damages to be paid out of the county rates as soon as the old bridge is pulled down or rendered impastable (except as to Mr. Bradshaw, which is to be paid as soon as the new bridge is built). Receipts to be given. Proceedings not to be delayed by the death of any of the parties. Costs and expenses to be paid out of the general stock of the c>unty. No satisfaction to be given to Mr. Bradshaw or Mr. Mason, if a&ooiare not commenced within a limited time. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions; whose determination shall be final. Saving of rights of the corporation of Lancaster, Mr. Bradshaw, or any others, farther than pecessary for erecting and maintaining the said bridge. Limitation of actions, for acting under this act, to be brought in three months after the fast. The defendant may plead the general ifftie, and give the special master in evidence, and have treble costs. Inhabitants ofuocaster may serve on juries, Sec. To be a public act.

82 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 58. [1782.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the more easy discovery and effehuai punishment of buyer and receivers of stolen goods.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the pernicious practises of buying and receiving stolen goods are become a great evil, by reason of the difficult of discovering the persons guilty of the same, and of the infujpcient of the laws now in being for the punishment of such offender s, in certain cajes; be it therefore enacted by the king's most exccljen Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliamer After Aug. i, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from an, 78*> ery after the first day of Auguffi one thousand seven hundred am Sreceiving12 eigluy two> in all cases whatsoever where any goods or chattel Itolen goods (except lead, iron, copper, brass, bell metal, and folder), shall shall be deem have been feloniously taken or stolen, whether the offence C ed guilty of a the person or persons so taking or dealing the same, shall a and pros mount to grani larceny, or some greater offence, or to peti cuted accord larceny only, (except where the person or persons actually com ingty. mitting the felony shall have been already convicted of gran

larceny, or of some greater offence), every person who shall bit or receive any such goods and chattels, knowing the same^have been so taken or stolen, shall be held and deemed guilt of, and may be prosecuted for, a misdemeanour, and shall b punched by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court ( quarter sessions, who are hereby empowered to try such offer der, or as any other court before which he, she, or they, (ha be tried, shall think fit to inflidl; although the principal felc or felons be not before convicted of the said felony, and whethi he, she, or they, is or are amenable to justice or not; any la or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: and in cases whei the felony actually committed shall amount to grand larcen or to some greater offence, and where the person or perfoi actually committing such felony shall not be before convidei such offender or offenders shall be exempted from being punifl ed as accessary or accessaries, if such principal felon or feloi shall be afterwards convicted.

Justices may

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th

w^rrantsto* a13'! anc may lavy fr any one justice of the peace, u discover stolen on complaint made before him upon oath, that there is reai\ goods. to suspect that stolen goods are knowingly concealed in 31 dwelling house, outhouses, garden, yard, crofr, or other pla or places, by warrant under his hand and seal, tocaufceve such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, yard, croft, or oth punwhment of place or places, to be searched m*the daytime; and the person or persons knowingly concealing the said stolen goods, or 2 they are^part thereof, or in whose custody the same, or any part therei

found. shall be found, he, she, or they, being privy thereto, shall

deemed and held guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall and m u

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 58.

be brought before any justice of the peace for tyre county, city town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, and made amenable to answer the same, by like warrant of any such justice, and being thereof convufted by due course of law, ihfch be punishable in the manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every constable, head borough, or tithing man, in every

Constables,

county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or other place where there shall be officers, and every beadle within his onf fulpe&ed

ward, parish, or district, and every watchman, during such time of having any

only as he is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to stolen good,

be apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may

reasonably be suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways con fun rfsing, C

veying, at any time after fun setting, and before fun rising, any goods or chattels suspected to be stolen, and the same, together

+with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place aforesaid, to be dealt with according to law; and such person and persons, so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the same to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which have Persons offer been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered, n ftlcn to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby empower, Jj0^ ed and required (there being reasonable cause to suspect that, ol^\\ be such goods or chattels Were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and taken before a carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town justice. corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brbught or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, (having it in his or her power so to do), the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons under if any person or persons, being out of custody or in custody, if 15 years of under the age of fifteen years, upon any charge of felony within *rnged benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony after the first w

day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and to his ma shall afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have jetty's pardon, bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken from any other person or persons, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the lame to be stolen, so as two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have and be entitled to the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by him or her committed at

4 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 59, 66. [1782.

any time or times before such discovery made, which pardon shall be likewise a bar to any appeal brought for such felony.

This act not

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall to repeal any extend to repeal any former law now in being for the punish for^uniih matt of such offenders; and provided also, that such offender ing^uch of a^cr having been prosecuted and convicted under this act, shall

fenders. not, for the same offence, be afterwards punished, or liable to

be punished by any such former law.

CAP. LIX.

An act to provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, coitn lellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandal, in the East Indies, shall not be discontintied by any prorogation or dissolution of the parliament.

CAP. LX.

An act to prevent the educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muslins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements used in that manufactory, to go to parts beyond the seas; and to prohibit the ex potting to foreign parts of any such blocks, plates, or other implements.

[Preamble.]

Penalty on persons enticing workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, C to leave the kingdom.

WHEREAS the business or manufactory of printing calicoes cottons, muslins, and linens, with wooden blocks, has been long carried on in this kingdom greatly to the advantage of the publicity and has of late years been much improved by using therein engraved plates of copper or aether metal and thereby the sale of such goods has been considerably increased, and large quantities exported: and whereas y for the encouraging of such manufactory in this kingdom, it is necessary that provison should be made to prevent artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing such blocks and plattsy from departing, or from being (educed to depart out of this kingdom j and to prohibit the exportation of any blocks, platesy engines, toolsy or utensils, to be used in such manufactory: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paf&ng of this acts, if any person or persons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who mall have worked at, or been employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muslins, or linens of any sort, or in making or preparing, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, for such manufactory, to go out of Great

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 60. 5

Britain, to any part beyond the seas, and shall be convicted thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king'* bencfi at Westminster, or by indictment at the assizes or general gaol delivery for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall live or reside, or by indictment in the court of judiciary, or any of the circuit coarts in Scotland, as the case may be; every person so convicted shall, for every artificer so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain and shall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or stewartry, wherein the offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of twelve calendar months, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent offence of the firae kind, the person or persons so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every person so con 1

traded with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, the fumf of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common gaol as aforesaid, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and during the term of two years, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

II. Provided always, That no person shall be prodbcuted for Prosecution to any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution shall be J commenced within the space of twelve calendar months next months."* after such offence shall be committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person or per exporting, or fbns whomsoever to export from Great Britain to any parts be ^p^t^any  yond the seas, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, blocks'plates, commonly used in, or which are proper for the preparing, cussed in working up, or finishing of the callicoe, cotton, muslin, or LI thef ma nen printing manufactures, or any part or parts of such blocks, nufa or plates, engines, tools, or utensils; and if any person or persons shall put or endeavour to put on board any ship, boat,

barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound directly to same port in Great Britain, any such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, every such person shall forfeit all such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof; and also shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of fefgon in Scotland, respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Officers im passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of powered tp his Majesty's customs or excise, and they are hereby required

and directed, from time to time, to seize, and secure in some as shall be at % his Majesty's warehouses, all such blocks, plates, engines, tempted to be

G 3 _ ' tools, exported.

s6

Penalty on captains, mailers, C who shall permit such blocks, plates, C to be put on board their vdtcls.

Penalty on

officers who shall take any entry outward for ex porting any of the said blocks, C

Application of

forfeitures

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. co.

[1782.

tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, the exportation thereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they shall find, or be informed to be on board, or in a way of being put on board any ship, boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound directly to some port in Great Britain; and all blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, so seized, shall, after condemnation thereof in due course of law, be publicly sold to the bed bidder, to be used in Great Britton* and not elsewhere; and one moiety of the produce shall go to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have seized and secured the! same.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, if the captain, master, mate, or other officer, of any ship or other vessel in Great Britain or Ireland, shall willingly or knowingly permit or suffer any such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, to be put on board his or their ship or other vessel, or shall connive at the; same being done, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit) and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as the penalties by this act imposed on; persons exporting blocks, or other things, as aforesaid, are directed to be recovered; and if the ship or vessel belongs to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the captain, or other officer orj officers thereof, so permitting, suffering, or conniving, shall, be j fides forfeiting the said sum of one hundred pounds, be, anq is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding any office or edmmission under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or suffer to be taken, any Gentry or entries outward, or sign any cocket or cockets or sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, or knowingly suffer the same to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds o lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered in manner aforesaid 5 and shall also forfeit and lose his or their office or employ ment and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the re

Limitation of actions.

spective forfeitures, by this act inflicted on offenders against tb same, shall, when lecovered, go and be applied to the use ol his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety tc the use of the person or persons who shall sue and prosecute toi the same respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or fail shall be commenced against any person for what he shall do it purs iance of this act, such action or fust shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed; ansi the person so sued shall and may file common bail, and enter;

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 61. 87

common appearance, and j>lead the general issue not guilty, and General iflye. may give this act and the (pedal matter in evidence; and ifthe plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonfuir, or suffer disconti nuance, or if a verdict shall pass against him, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against him, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the defendant shall recover treble costs. Treble code.

CAP. LXI.

An act for granting an additional duty upon white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great Britain,

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after After July the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ist n ad eighty two, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and pound ditional duty age, and all other subsidies and duties whatsoever, due and pay l*rh able for all white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great s^ictfor^n Britain, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, there white bees shall be raifpd, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his wax imported. heirs and fijyoceilbrs, before landing thereof, the additional rates, l*to this king duties, and ioipofts following, without any discount or deduc dom

ion whatsoever; that is to say.

For every pound weight avoirdupoisof such white or manu fadured bees wax, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the sum of threepence, and after that rate for any greater or lets quantity.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional rate or duty herein before mentioned, shall be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the lame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs end excise in Great Britain.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore scud, That the said several duties and imposts, herein before

G 4 granted.

The new duty to be subject to an additional 5 percent, agreeable to i9geo.3.c. 5

The new duties to be levied and recovered in the

duties on bees wax

and to be under the management of the commissioners of the customs.

How to be paid into the exchequer.

88 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1782.

same manner granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in manner an forna, and by such ways, means, and me m thods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties now payable to his Majesty upon bees wax are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the same shall be under the management of the respective of of the customs and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in the following manner; that is to say. The said additional duty upon white and manufactured bees wax shall be paid in distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, hrs heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned; and the said additional import of five pounds per centum upon the duty granted by this act, shall be paid in as part of the said import granted by the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, under the title and description of The impojl one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of

office in which the ai rccc*p* exchequer a book or books, in which all the the new duty moneys arising from the said duty and import, and paid into the shall be fepa said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from lately entered. an other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and Application successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, and not otherwise applied, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the exportation of any white or manufactured bees wax from this kingdom to any port or place beyond the seas as merchandise, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation of such bees wax by virtue of this act; which drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in alt respects, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of bees wax was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this act.

A book to be

provided in the auditor's

thereof.

A drawback of the duties to be allowed on exportation.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.2

99

CAP. LXII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the Jeconi year of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising and training the militia, as relates to persons paying the sum of ten pounds being liable to serve again in the militia at the expiration of three years; and also to oblige substitutes to make oath respecting their place of Jet element.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the second year of the reign Preamble of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws recited? now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England), it is enacted.

That if any person, chosen by lot to serve in the militia, (not being one of the people called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath by the j'said act required, and serve in the militia, or provide a substitute, to be approved as therein mentioned, who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent to serve as a substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of three years be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute: and whereas it is by the said act likewise enacted

That no person having served personally, or by fubfitute, in the militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it comes to his item: and whereas very high prices are frequently given by persons tbofen by lot to serve in the militia, for the hire of substitutes to serve in their lead: and whereas such high prices are attended with many inconveniences, and are, in a great measure, owing to the advantages which persons providing substitutes are infilled to in preference to those who pay the penalty of ten pounds directed by the said act to be paid by persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the militia: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the persons chosen authority of the same, That if any person chosen by lot to serve in the militia, in the militia shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be and Paying applied to the purposes directed by the said act, such person shall  bh ed"to not be obliged to serve in the militia, until by rotation it shall serve u, t; i  come to his turn; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary shall come to thereof notwithstanding. their turn.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore Substitutes to said. That no person offering himself to serve as a substitute in be (Worn, the militia, shall be accepted and enrolled as such, unless he takes and subscribes the following oath; videlicet \

1a. B. do solemnly swear. That, to the best of my knowledge and The oath.

belief, the place of my settlement is the parish of in the county of [being the county in which the

substitute then offers to serve]

Which

go Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 63. [1782.

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant, or one justice of the peace, are hereby required to administer at that meeting of deputy lieutenants and justices where such substitute is to be enrolled.

Not to extend ill. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing to substitutes in this a & contained shall extend to substitutes now serving in willing to con any corps of militia, who may, when the time of their present expiration ofc tervice is expired, be willing to continue to serve in the lame their time of corps for a further time, service.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other purposes therein mentioned), as refrains the use of the Highland dress.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 19 geo!*.c. 39. An act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in scot recited. land, and for more effectually securing the peace of the said Highlands; and for retraining the use of the Highland dress; and for further indemnifying such persons as have acted in defence of his Majesty's person and government, during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the matters and teachers of private schools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to register the same; it was, among other things? enabled. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, no man or boy, within that fart of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as Should be employed as officers and soldiers in his Majesty's forces, Should, on any freteuu whatsoever, wear or put on the clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes; that is to say). The plaid, philebeg or little kilt, trowfe, shouller belts, or any part whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland garb, and that no tartan, or party colourid plaid or fuss, Should be used for great coats or for upper coats, under the penalties therein mentioned; and the time appointed for laying aftde the [and Highland dress was, in certain cases therein mentioned, further prolonged by two several acts, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty frfi year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second: and whereas it is judged expedient that jo much of the asls abovementioned as refrains the use of the Highland dress Should be repealed: be it therefore enacted by the king's So much of moult excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the recited act, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present or any other parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ftf*' a\he f muck as at*ovc mentioned, or any other act or acts

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64. 51

of parlitfncnr, as restrains the use of the Highland dress, be, and of the high the same aris hereby repealed. 'and dreis,

repealed

CAP LXIV

An act for the amending and rendering mm effectual the idios iti king relative to houses of correction

whereas^/w ad, made in the seventh year of the reign preamble.

of his late Majesty King James the fir/i, for the due execu Rcc u Of an tien of diverse laws and Statutes theretofore made against rogues, va a 7 jac. ic gabonds, and sturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons houses 45 of correction are directed to be provided in every county, and furnished with all necissary mills and other implements to set the rogues, vaga tends and ftoerdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons, t<r work, at the expense of every such county, by order of the fuftius of the peace at their general quarter sessions, who are also to appoint a governor or mqfter of every futh house of correction, with power to set the said persons on work: and whereas by an act made in the even teenthyettr of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, aimj, 7gco. a to amende and make more effectual, the laws relating to rogues, C vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to the houses of correction, the justices of the peace are authorised, upon presentment of the grand jury at the affixes, that the house of correction is not sufficient or convenient, by order, at their general porter sessions of the peace, to enlarge, or buy, or hire a more convenient house, or to purchofe land for such buildings, and for a convenient outlet, and to erect such houses, and to raise upon the county such sums of money as shall be necessary for those purposes: and where ft, by many other acts of parliament, persons are directed to be sent by warrants from justices of the peace to the houses of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for a limited time: and whereas in many counties the said houses of correction are insufficient in number, or deficient in building', and the apartments in them are very ill accommodated to the purposes for which they were intended; by medns whereof, and front a want of due order, employment, and iifeipline in such houses of eorrettion, the persons sent thither for correction and reformation frequently grow more diffiolute and abandoned during their continuance in such houses: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King rood excellent Majesty, by and whh the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, city, their quarter liberty, and precinct, within England and Wales, at their respectsessions, 10 tive quarter sessions of the peace, to be held next after Midfum "^tce Ilf each mer frotn the time of passing this act, shall, and they are hereby jswsttoex required to nominate one or more justice or justices of the amine the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, divisions, or diitri&s, houses of cor whom they shall think most proper, to examine and insped the r^!on* several houses of correction "within their respective jurisdictions'; and the justice or justices, so to be nominated, i, and, are hereby

Good

9*

The justices so nominated to make a report, C to the next Michaelmas qurter feffi nt.

Separate apartments to be provided for persons committed for felony, C

Justices, at their general quarter sessions, to make such orders as they shall think proper. Buildings to be furnished, and provided with mills, looms canno

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64. [1782.

required carefully and diligently to insped the same, with all convenient speed, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next following, as to the state and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alterations which

a may judge necessary to make them more convenient and, having regard to the classing of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons who are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and whole some5 and the said justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and skilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings to make them answer the several purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be laid before the court at the said Muhatlmas quarter sessions; or if, from any difficulties or accidents, such report shall not happen to be made at that sessions, then, and in that case, the same shall be made at or before the Epiphany quarter sessions then next followingj which court is hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approve such plans, they may adjourn the quarter sessions to a further day for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work, of which due notice shall be published, and then to contract with such persons whom they shall think most proper to do the same $ or if they disapprove such plans and estimates, to direct such others to be made as they shall think fit, and adjourn their quarter sessions to some further day, to receive such new plans and estimates, and also proposals from persons inclined to undertake the work; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of felony, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, under or by virtue of the laws in being, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners and also proper apartments covered or open, as shall be found most convenient for employing the fe verai persons who are to be kept to hard labours and they are also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the said house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

II. And be it enacted, That the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, upon any report to them made as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such building? shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall order them to be fitted up and furnished in such

93

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64.

manner as to them shall Teem fit; and shall also provide such mills, looms, utensils, and implements, as they shall judge proper for employing the fevera) persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour: and the said justices shall, at every general quarter sessions of the peace, call upon the keeper of such house of correction to produce to them in writing a lid of the several persons then in custody, with a description of the offence or offences, and the time for which every such person was committed, distinguishing particularly those who are directed by the warrant of commitment to be kept to bard labour, and also distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and what he or she hath been most accudomed to, and is bed qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the bed of his information and observation; which lid the keeper of every such house of correctionis hereby directed to make out, and deliver to the chair condition to man of such court of quarter sessions, as soon as such court deliver to the shall be assembled 5 and the court shall, before the end of that quarter fef session, give such directions for the future employment of the " ns of said several prisoners as to them shall seem meet j and the ju ^riitefyec^11 dices shall, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, from tyre custody. time to time, order and direct a sufficient quantity of materials for manufactures to be provided for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds as they in their difere tien shall think most proper; and shall employ some fit person to be the keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary assistant or assistants to indruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture which the justices shall think most proper to be seton foot and undertaken there.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the rules, orders, and Rule and regulations, specified and contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, for the better rule and government of the persons to schedule to be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly ob be observed served and enforced at every such house of correction, subject in the house nevertheless to such additions as shall from time to time be of corrc, on made by the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division,

city, town, or place, wherein such house of correction shall be situate, at their quarter sessions which shall be held next after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act: and for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors or keepers of every such house of correction shall, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison.

V. And in order to defray tie expenses of the several matters and

things

Expenses of maintaining the prisoners in the houses of correction, chow to be defrayed.

Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to the quarter fefluns.

All prisoners in such houses to he employed by the go nernor.

No governor, or officer under hun, to sell wine, See. or any article vitd in the house.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64. [1782.

things her tin before directed to be done respe fling houses of correction, and the support and maintenance of prisoners confined there, ad other expenses necessary to the execution of this act, not herein particularly provided for, be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy assessng, collecting, and levying of county rates.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the want of houses of correction, or the i sufficiency thereof, may be presented at the court of quarter sessions by a justice of the peace acting for such division or di strict, on his own view or knowledge thereof, as well as by the grand jury, pursuant to the directions of the said a of the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty 5 which presentment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as if it had been made by the grand jury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor or keeper of every house of correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all such persons as shall be prisoners therein, and kept and maintained at the expence of the county, division, or district, wherein such house of correction is situate, in some work or labour which i9 not severe, although such prisoner was not, by the warrant of his commitment, ordered to be kept to labour; and every such governor or keeper shall enter a separate account of the work done by every person under that description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one half of the net profits, which he or she shall have earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not before.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall be governor or keeper of any house of correction, or who shall have any office or employment, as assistant, or otherwise under such governor or keeper of such house of correction, shall fell, or be capable of being licensed to sell, or have any benefit or advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the sale of any wine, ale, beer, spirituous or other liquors, or any other article, matter, or thing, used in such house of correction, or by any person or persons confined therein, during the time of such employment; and every person offending therein shall, on complaint made upon oath, and conviction (or the said offence, before a magistrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, and shall be dismissed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as assistant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter sessions of the peace, on proof being made upon oath before them of the said offence; and that no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medical purpose, by a

95

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C

written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction; and that the directions given by the said lad mentioned a CL for the inspection and control by the justices over the matter or keeper of every such house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced, and every such governor and keeper punished for his neglect of duty or mubebaviour, according to the directions of the said act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the ju(kccs to sit peace, in their respective quarter sessions, shall fix a reasonable a salary for salary for governor or keeper of the house of correction, and the governor, may moreover allow him some proportion of the profits earned

by the prisoners.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No woman to

passing of this act, no woman shall be capable of being appoint he keeper of ed keeper of any house of correction. co^aion.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the governor of every Governors house of correction shall have power to put handcuffs or fetters impowered to upon any prisoner who shall behave in a refractory manner, or handcuff re shew a disposition to break out of piifon; but liich governor fra&orypri shall give notice thereof to one of the visiting justices, within fneri' forty-eight hours after the prisoner shall be so fettered; and he shall not continue such fettering longer than IX days, without obtaining an order in writing from one of the visiting justipes.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the justices may peace, at their general quarter sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a appoint a minister of the church of England, residing in or near clergyman to the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, rinefcrv\ce to perform divine service there every Sunday, and may appoint many house such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding of correction, twenty pounds per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the

county, riding, division, or place, where such house shall be situate, out of the county rates, or other public money to be collected therein; but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter sessions, if the justices shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties how by this act shall, in default of payment, after due summons and to be recover demand made, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's ai>' goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and p 1

seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus,

(if any), after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol orshouse of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; and that every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, division, or district, where such house of correction shall be situate, in aid of the common dock, out of which the

expenses

96

Public a.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64; [178*1

expences attending the execution of the several purposes of this act are to be paid as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others, without the same being specially pleaded.

Rules orders, and regulations, to be observei and enforced at every house of correction provided and established, or to be provided and established\ under the authority of the acts of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King James the First^ the seventeenth of King George the Second, and the twenty second of King George the Third.

I. That the several persons who shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour, shall be employed (unless prevented by ill health) everyday, during their confinement, (except Sundays, christmas day, and Good Friday) for so many hours as the daylight in the different seasons of the year will admit, not exceeding twelve hours, being allowed thereout to red half an hour at breakfast, an hour at dinner, and half an hour at supper, and that the intervals shall be noticed by the ringing of a bell.

II That the governor of each house of correction shall adapt the various employments, which shall be directed by the justices at their quarter sessions, to each person in such manner as shall be bed suited to his or her lirength and ability, regard being bad to age and sex.

III That the males and females shall be employed, and shall also eat and be lodged, in separate apartments, and shall have no iatercourse or communication with each other.

IV That every person so committed shall be fudained with bread, and any coarse but wholesome food, and water; but persons under the care of the physician, surgeon, or apothecary, shall be fudained with such food and liquor as he shall direct.

V That the governor, and such other persons (if any) as shall be employed by the judices to aflid the governor, shall be very watchful and attentive in seeing that the persons so committed are constantly employed during the hours of work; and if any person shall be found remiss or negligent in performing what is required to be done by such person to the bed ofliis or her power and ability, or shall wilfully wade, spoil, or damage the goods committed to his or her care, the governor shall pu nih every such person in the manner hereafter directed.

VI That if#any person so committed shall refuse to obey the orders given by the governor, or shall be guilty of profane cussing or (wearing; or of any indecent behaviour or expression, or of any affaulr, quarrel, or abusive words, to or with any other

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 65.

person; he or she shall be punished for the same in the manner hereafter directed.

VII That the governor shall hive power to punish the several offenders for the offences herein before described, by closer confinement j and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter sessions, and the VI siting justice or justices, the name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment infufted.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enable the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, hie heirs, ete tutors, or administrators, to open a street from the Strand, at or near the east end of the New Church, to the south end of Stanhope Street in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the city and liberty of West mutter and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

The duke of Newcastle empowered to make a new street from the east end of the New Church to the south end of Stanhope Street. Commissioneri appointed to set out the new street. Commissioners to hold their meetings at the Peacock Inn in Haugbton Street, or at any place in the city of West under, on the fourth Tuesday after passing the act, and at other times and places as any five of them shall think proper. Duke of Newcastle authorised to agree with the owners and occupiers of any grounds or building fur the purchase thereof, within these bounds, vix. from the Strand at or near the east end of the New Church towards the north into Holywell Street, and from thence continuing northwards across the ground whereon several me flu ages flood, and were lately burnt down, and afterwards contusing northwards through or over other messuages and ground into Wyche Street; and from Wyche Street aforesaid continuing northward through or over other messuages and ground, into Little Stanhope Street, otherwise called Maypole Alleys and from thence along the said street or alley, all which messuages and ground are in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westimnfter, and county of Middlesex: and also all that me flu age and ground situate at the nortn east corner of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and the messuages and ground in Prince's Street and Great Wylde Street, all which lait mentioned premises are in the parish of Saint titles in the Fields, in the said county; and that the materials of the hid messuages, C shall immediately after the purchase vest in the said duke, his heirs, See. Bodies corporate, Sec. enabled to treat and agree with the duke of Newcastle for the sale or exchange of any ground or buildings within the bounds aforesaid. If proprietors refuse to treat, or do not evince a clear title, the value to be ascertained by a jury. Witness nny be examined on oath. Jury to award the sums to be paid to the parties. Verdict of jury, to be final $ and to be entered in the register office of the county. On payment of the purchase money, the parties to convey the premises to the duke of Newcastle, his heirs, Sec. In default thereof, or of accepting the purchase money, the same to be applied for the benefit of the parties interested as the of shall ai rest j and the premises to vest in the duke of Newcastle. The whole of any house, or the fcite thereof, may be purchased, although a part Only may be wanted. No ground to be made use of unless notice thereof be given to the owner on or before June s, 178+. Requiring tenants to deliver of the premises in their possession within six months after notice. Purchase money for estates belonging to infants, Sec. to be laid out to the (ante uses The ground for the new street, between the Strand and holy well Street, to be fct out by5 Dec. 378*1 and the purchase money may

voujuauv. a b.

98 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 66. [1782.

he paid to the mortgagees, if any. Purchase money for ground whereon any houses lately burnt down were Handing, to bear imere& from June 24, 178a, till payment. To be a public act.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produa'of the several duties under the management of the respiftiu commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies and duties herein after mentioned j and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho frora July 25, rity of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth dav of 178a* an act July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there mall aftcrnthedratte, b.c. rae levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his of 5 percent. Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional impostor duty, of the former after the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the produce and duties, laid on amount of all the several subsidies, imposts, and other duties, al^fe<hnt- what km or nature fever they may be, which are now due wported * ad payable, to his Majesty, and are collected in this kingdom, from, or car under the management and direction of the respective commis ried coastwise sioners of the customs in Great Britain, for and upon any goods taingfcatiiri" anc melkhan(^zes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in Great Britain, except and exclusive of the additional Exceptiou. impostor duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The impofl one thousand seven and seventy nine, which was granted by an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, in jjgeo.j.c 15. tituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the pr.odlue of the several duties under the management of tin respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain; which said additional impostor duty by this act granted shall be charged and paid upon the amount of the said former subsidies, imposts, and other duties, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon the exportation of the goods, under the fafrie rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the same manner and form in all respects, as the said additional impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, is now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, and shall be appropriated and applied to the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

An additional JJ. And b.c. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, dutt^jiaii from aftd ater laid twtttly fifth day of July one thousand

cacjieaoif a. fevca

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 66.99

even hundred and eighty two, there shall be raised, levied, goods (except collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, this heirs as att*'1 CX and successsors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per th^aje of antum, upon the produce andainount of all the several inland 5 percent, duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as herein after of the former is excepted) now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland i which said addition^il duty of five pounds per centum, hereby jrnposed, shall and may, from time to time, be charged, raised, levied, recovered, at>d secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rule?, and directions, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the said additional duty or charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

[Thii aft not

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, to affeftthe or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional duties on duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount

of the duties on beer, malt, fope, tallow candles, hides, or candles, and skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dracted, within Great hides, brewed, Britain; or to charge with the said duty the produce or amount made, C in of the several duties of five pounds per centum, and five pounds Great Britain ptr centum respectively imposed upon the produce and amount northeaddi of the several inland duties, under the management of the said npetjrie commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, by the several excise duties, acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty granted in first years of his present Majesty's reign, or by any or either of pqeo. 3* them; anything herein befote contained to the contrary notithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dutjcj! to the said additional imports and duties by this act granted, shall, be paid into from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver gene the exchequer ral of the customs, and to the cashief of the excise in England weekly respectively for the time being; and such receiver-general and

caftiier respectively shall, weekly, to wit, on jvednejday in every eck, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then 6n the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all the moneys arising by the said additional imports and duties, (the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same only excepted), into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general and cashier respectively shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and focccflbrs, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

too Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6j.

[1782.

to be kept fe

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Parat there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of

ties r U sod receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all the 9'moneys arising from the said several imports and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his and to be ap h$irs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said plied in pay money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, smnuiiesthe together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as

granted by shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament the lottery for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several an

aa of this nuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are direct

session. e<j lq pa'1(j anj payaye pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain frn tf money by way of annuities, and for ejiabfybing a lottery.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty tiro; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

2, 184, 715l. 10a. 8d. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year $ to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury ira powered to raise the sum of,84, 7151. 10 a. 8d. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All perfooi who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be rt

tittered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to e taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undoe preference in point of registry or payment. Auditor, C neglecting hit duty, liable for damages, dec. to be recovered by action in any of the courts at Westminster, with costs. No undue preference in the registerin|;, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the pit ceding orders. Power of assignment, and aflionees may transfer orders toties quoties. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such cae to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax ad of this session. All advantages and penalties in the land tax ad of this session, relating to loans or exc* equer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 184 7151 10s. 8d 3 notwithstanding an act of 5 dr 6 Gul. & Marie. The sum of 100, 000l. surplus of the sinking fund, on Od. ro, 17s1; and 670, 7601. ns. sd. 3q. of the said surplus on April 5, 1781)3, 64.5l. s. 7 d. in the hands of the deputy treasurer of Chelsea hospital j and 10,511. 18 s. nd. in the exchequer; shall be applied towards making good the supply. A sum not exceeding 9, 3131. 6s. 8d.;8, 346l. 5s.3 17, 4411; 37, 3001.3 and 63, 9281. is. 6d. remaining in the hands of the pay mailer general, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary expenses of thr land forces, See. from Jan. 31, 1781, to Ftb. 1, 178*. The moneys arising by the land tax. malt tax, lottery ad, and loans of 1, 500, 000l. and further loans of 1.900, 000l. Vote of credit for 1.000, 000 (. 200, 0001, remaining in the exchequer on Od. 10, 1781, of the surpluifea of the sinking fund; and 670.7601, us. id. 3q. remaining on April 5, 178*, of the said surplusses;3, 645l. is. 7d. remaining in the hands of the deputy ir emu tec of Chelsea hospital, 10, 251 ! 18 s, 11 d, remaining in the exchequer;

SOI

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67.

chequer; and 1, 184, 71 C 1. 10s. 8 d. by this act granted out of the surplusses of toe sinking fund; shall be applied to the uses following 1 6, 563, 1851.

111. 9d. towards naval services; 1, 500, 0001. towards paying off the navy debt) 696, 0011.13s. 5d. for the charges of the office of ordnance for99, 713! M*7d. for ditto, not provided for in 1781; 7, 661, 4.111. iq towards maintaining the land forces, ec.; of which 1, 141, 835k if. 3d. for defraying the charges of 49, 455 effective men, including officer, 21x14, 175 invalids, for guards, garnfons, C in Great Britain, C 1, 315 513l. 5#, h fr forces and garrifbns in Africa, and the East in dies, c 4 43, 8401. 6s. for general and general staff officers in Great bri tiinj 56, 074l. 19s. 4d. q. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibral > tar, for the year 1781; 367, 103 1. 98. iod. for 13, 471 troops of Hesse caf fcl, &c.j 61, 1081 11s. 1 q. for two regiments of Hanau, C 17, 498l. 3 s. id. jq. for a regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 947l. 15s. 8d. for 4, 300 Bpjnfwickm, C 43.6651. ns. 3^. for 1, 559 troops of Brandebourg an spack 1 13, 8181. ns. nd. iq. for infantry, &c. of Anhalt Zerbft 3 55, 4691, for provisions for foreign troops serving m America; 15, 4991. 17 s. 5 d. to nike good a deficiency in the Turns voted for the troops of Hesse Cassel for 1781; 3, 1811. ns. 5d. to make good a deficiency in the Turns voted for th troops of Brandebourg Anfpacb; 4, 941l. 19 s. to m*ke good a deficiency in the Toms voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft in 1781; 17, 683 k 14s. for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign trpopt for 17813 677, 497l. 15 s. 10 d. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, C for 17813 100, 5941. 17 s. id. for defraying the charge of clothing for militia in 1781; 11, 319l. xs. 8d. for defraying the charge of a regiment of light dragoons, C 36, 180l. 10s. 8d, for advanced pay for troops for the East Indies; 91, 8811. 17s. 1 d. to the outpenfioqers of cheu Teabospiral; 5411. 14s. id. for an additional company, dec. of militia in Sosth Britain for 1781; 77, 5951. 19s. id. for reduced officers of land forcet'&c.; 5741.18s 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horse guards reduced, 5tc.; 1, 675l. 10 s. 4d. for additional! to three regiments of foot, CI 3, 180/7531. ns. iod. iq. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1781, C

1.500.0001, for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act of last session; 1,000, 0001. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of last Tession 3 1, 410, 0001. for paying off other exchequer bills of last session 3 480, 000k for paying off exchequer bills issued fmcejan. 14, 17813 8, 908l. 9s. id. iq. issued 111 pursuance of addresses eftbehouseof commons; 15, 000k towards carrying on the buildings st Somerset House; 5, 0111. 10s; 5 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 1.5361. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 3, 950l. for the civil establiument of East Florida 3 1, 700k for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3.000k for the civil establishment of the island of Saint jobs; 15, 000k sot maintaining tonnes on the coasts of Africa; 19, 000k for the of of publics accounts; 5, 8301. 1 s. 6d. on account of southeast roads, Sec. in the highlands of Scotland; 73, 704k 8s. for relief of American civil officers, C 5, 000k for assisting the Levant company 3

3.0001. to the British Museum; 10, 364k 10s. 5d. for making compenfa tios for certain lands, Arc. at or near Plymouth; 10, 000 k towards rebuilding Newgate; 14, 719 k 4s. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining coavisits, C 35, 149! 8sq to make gopd the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1. 5. 11; 183, 380k 3 s. 8d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act it Geo. 3. 101, 8061.9s. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying Uiouinesgranted by an act 19 Oeo. 3. C 18; 153, 193k 8s. nd. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annqitifs granted in so Geo. 3* CI tod 19, 667 k 5 s. 11 d. 3q. to make gooefthe deficiency of the grants for the year 1781. The said aids to be applied qnly to the uses before rationed. _ Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. By waft si Geo. 3. c. 57. a Turn not exceeding 79*059 L was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying the said cficers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

II Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 69. [1782.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repeating the duties payable for beer and ale above Jut Jhitlings the barrel, exiluftve of the duties of excise y and not exceeding eleven Billings the barrel, extlufrve of such duties, and jor granting other duties irt lieu thereof \ for granting additional duties on coaches y and other carriages therein mentioned; and elfo

additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other carriages; and for the better ft curing the duty upon tec, and otka. duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them'relating u

the duties on male servants.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS beer or au above six Billings the barrel cxcht y \ five of the duties of excise, brewed for sale is by law chargeable with the same duties that are payable for the flrongejl beer or alt so brewed for sale; and the brewing of good table beer of moderate jltength is thereby dise our aged; and, in order to promote the brewing cf good table beer, It is expedient to proportion the duties payable on J'ufh beer to the quality and real value thereof; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From July 5, same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand 1781, the Hu. fcveft hundred and dghty two, the several rates and duties now bet from C payable for beer ot dip dbove six billings the barrel, exclusive 6s. to ns. of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the the barrel, barrel, exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, repealed. which shall at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wales, shall cedfe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and in lieu and in stead thereof there shall thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales,

New duty. For every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings, exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and so proportionally for 2 greater or letter quantity, the sum of three Shillings, to be paid by such common brewer; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

No allowance

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to be made to from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven blew00" Kindred anc eighty-two, no allowance shall be made so any ohhe dunes common brewer out of the moneys, arising by the duty oi on malr, malt, granted by an a & made In the twentieth year of the reign

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 103

of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Ma granted by jtfly additional duties upon malt and upon low wines and pints for^h table" made fr home consumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into bccr.

Great Britain, end upon the produce of the/aid several duties; and fr granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading ia, vending, or selling coffee, tea, or chocolate; for any such table beer or ale so brewed by any such common brewer as aforesaid, anything in the said Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And for preventing of frauds, be it further enacted by Table beer the authority aforesaid, That every common brewer who, from made from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred all bechare and eighty-two, shall brew any such table beer above six hil the offi lings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, cers as strong as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to beer.

brew and make the same of one entire guile; and no such com moo brewer shall, on any pretence whatever, be permitted to brew or make any such table beer of the quality and price aforesaid from any party guile; but all the beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, which, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be brewed or made from any party guile by any common brewer, or other person or persons who shall fel or tap out the same publicly or privately, shall be charged by the officers of excise as (Iroag beer; and the common brewer, or other person or persons, so selling or tapping out the same as aforesaid, shall pay the duties thereof accordingly; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary not with (landing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Brewars of every futh common brewer who shall vbrew or make any such t^fve table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or sre notice to the situate m any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market officers of townhall, at lead four hours before he shall begin to brew excise of the; any such table beer as aforesaid* give, or cause to be given, to nd tob ?n the officer of excise under whose survey such common brewer brewing. Sn shall then be, a notice, in writing, of the particular hour or

time of the day when he intends to begin such brewing; and every other common brewer of such table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or are not situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, nor in any market townhall, at least twelve hours before he shall begin to brew any such table beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, a like notice in writing; and in case such brewer shall not begin to brew, and proceed in that brewing at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of the said hour and time, every such notice shall be null and void, and every such brewer shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before he or she begins to brew such table beer; and in case any such Penalty on common brewer shall neglect to give such notice, or having default, jivea a notice which shall bedonte void, shall neglect to give, a H 4 frah

mix the several wort of each guile.

Penalty on default.

104 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

fresh and like notice, or having given such notice or notices, ' and having begun to brew such table beer as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to proceed therein until the whole guile is finished, every such common brewer offending therein shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

Brewer of such V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That table beer to every such common brewer, so brewing such table beer as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to Qiix and mingle the several worts of each entire guile of all such table beer, so that the whole quantity of each entire guile, whether the same be in one or more tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, shall be of one and the same quality and strength; and then, and not sooner, every such common brewer of such table beer shall declare (on demand made by the gauger or officer) the quantity and quality of the table beer made by him in that guile or brewing, which declaration shall be made before any part of any such guile or brewing is cleansed or removed out of his tuns, vessels, or other utensils; and in case any such common brewer shall not so mix and mingle the several worts of such table beer in his tuns, vessels, or utensils, as that the whole quantity of the guile be of one quality and firength as aforesaid, or if such common brewer, or his servant, brewing or making any such guile of table beer, shall refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, the officer of excise shall, in every such case, charge and return the whole of such guile to be strong beer, and such common brewer shall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit and lose, for every harrel of such table beer contained in such guile, the sum of twenty Shillings; and if any such common brewer of table beer, or his servant or servants, Ihdaring tner ater declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any increase quantity and of the said table beer, so declared, by any ways or means what quaiiry of such ever, or shall mix his table beer of one guile pr brewing with peer, Sec. any beer of any other guile or brewing, or with small beer, or returned drink, or with water, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; or in case such officer or officers shall discover or find any of the said table beer or worts of the same guile laid off, over and above the quantity so declared as aforesaid, such common brewer shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased or mixed, laid off or sound, over and above the quantity so declared as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds; and the servant or servants of such common brewer, or other person or persons, and every of them, who was or were any ways concerned, or aiding or assisting in making any such increase or mixture, after declaration, or in laying off any such table beer, or the worts of such guile, before such declaration made as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased, mixed, or laid off, the sum of twenty Shillings; and, in default of payment thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonment; unless it shall appear that such increase or mixture was made by adding to or mixing with the same any table beer that was left in his'orber

Penalty on snaking any asti

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

brewhouse of a former guile of his or her brewing, and unless it shall abb appear, that such increase was made or added in the sight and view of the proper gauger or officer.

VI. And, to prevent the mixing such table beer with any other beer, whether strong beer or small, either by the common brewer brewing the same, after the gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the retailer cj any such table beer, after the same shall have been sold and deliver eitohim or her, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any common brewer, innkeeper, publican, or other retailer of any such table beer, shall mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, in any vessel or measure, or otherwise howsoever, any such table beer with any strong beer or ale, or strong worts, or with small beer, or small worts, or with water, after the gauge of such table beer shall have been taken by an officer of excise, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any such table beer, so brewed by any such common brewer as aforesaid, shall be cleansed into any calk or calks

from the tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, wherein the! fime shall have been mixed and mingled, and the length declared as aforesaid, every such common brewer, or his fervanr, r shall forthwith mark each and every such calk and calks, into which such beer shall be so cleansed, with the capital Roman letter T, of the length of four inches at the lead, to denote that the beer therein contained is such table beer as aforesaid; which said mark shall be put on the open and most conspicuous part of each such calk or casks: and if any such common brewer of table beer as aforesaid, or his servant, shall cleanse any such beer into any calk or calks, and shall neglect to mark each and every such cask in manner before directed, the officer or officers of excise, who shall discover and find any such table beer in any calk or calks, in the possession of any such common brewer, without such mark as aforesaid, shall, and he and they are hereby required to charge and return the same as strong beer, and such common brewer shall pay the duties accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any such common brewer shall have cleansed such table beer into any cask or calks in manner herein before directed, each and every such calk and casks, containing such table beer, shall be kept separate and apart from all other casks and barrels of other beer or ale then in the possession of any such common brewer, oti pain of forfeiture, for every offence therein, the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no common brewer, who shall brew or make any such table beer as aforesaid, shall knowingly sell or deliver, or permit or suffer to be sold or delivered, any of the said table beer, either by the barrel or otherwise, to any other common brewer, or to any trcwing victualler, or to any exporter of ber, or to any person

105

Penalty on mixing such table beer, after the gauge hath been taken, with any other beer, C

Table beer, when cleansed into casks, to be marked with the letter Tj

or shall be charged as strong beer.

Such calks to be kept ep* rate from all other calks of beer.

Brewers of such table beer not so sell any to other common brewers, C

of

ipfii

All the powers, directions, C provided by i Car. C 14. or any other law now in force, relating to the excite upon beer, c shall be applied in execution of thiaatt.

From July 5, 1781, an additional duty of sos. prr ann. shall be paid for every coach, berlin, or other four wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches);

and also for every two wheeled carriage kept for private ufc.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

or persons, to and for the use or benefit of any such other common brewer, brewingvictualler, or exporter of beer, oft pain of forfeiting, fdr every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an at, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervite, and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other directions are given and alterations made by this act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and ef fcdtually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directionsvmethods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousami seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty of twenty Shillings per annum for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, ealafh with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages how are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, or that shall be kept by or for any person or persons as public stage coaches, employed in carrying passengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, (other than and except such coaches and otfter carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the comrairiioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches); and also for and upon every ealash, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter maybe called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that mall be kept by or for any person or persons for his, her, or their own use; which said additional duty of twenty Shillings hereby Imposed upon coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be paid down by the person or persons respectively keeping the same, in like manner, and at the sans time, and be raised, levied, coik&ed, and paid, by the same

i

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 65. 107.

means and methods, and under the like rules, regulations directions, and penalties, as the annual duties given and granted by an at, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million hj way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several additional duties, herein before granted The northeast" da on coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, shall be moreover subject and liable to the additional duty or impost of five pounds subject to the

per centtm, and five pounds per centum, on the produce and additional 5

amount thereof respectively, in the same manner, and under the perce"1tv same regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per eo j C

tom, and of five pounds per centum9 are granted to his Majesty by and i Geo. 3. two several acts of parliament, (he one, made in the nineteenth c. 17. year of his present Majesty's feign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the ptoduce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the rtftrtn and excise In Great Britain; the other, made in the twenty first yeas of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An

oft foe granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the (tvcral duties under the management of the respective of of the excise in Great Britain.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his From Ja,  5 Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all fope of what i^fnl^dd/" kind fobver which, at any time or times after the said fifth day tionahduties of Jufc one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be fh*l be paid made within the kingdom of Great Britain over and above all for all fope duties, charges, and impositidns, by any a CL or acts of parlia Britain" vide ment thereupon set and imposed, the several additional duties ucct# n herein after mentioned and ekpressed; that is to say.

For and upon all hard cake fope, or ball fope, made in Great Hard cake Britain, an additional duty of three farthings for every pound fp* ift pr weight, confiding of sixteen ounces avoirdupois and after that Poundi rate for a greater or lester quantity

And for and upon all soft fope made in Great Britain, an act fp* fl ditional duty of one farthing for every pound weight, confiding pci poun4, of sixteen ounces avoirdupois; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

Which said several and respectite duties on fope shall be paid To by the makers thereof rdtpe&ivelyj and the same shall be raised, lcried, collected, and paid in the same manner, and under the like rttlek, and with like drawbacks on such British made fope exported, as the former duties on fope made in Great Britain are now raised, levied coltedted, paid, and drawn back.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

be paid by makers.

ID'S Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

The addition That the said additional respective duties, hereby imposed on re^dforau* 8$ made fope* shall be repaid to the person or persons who suchvope^used employ, !pend, or consume any quantity or quantities of in certain ma such fope respectively, in the making of any clothes, serges, ker nufactures. fees, bays, dockings, or other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finishing the foetid manufactures, or preparing the wool for the same, or in whitening of new linen in the piece, in order to the sale of fuqh linen; which said repayment of the said additional respective duties shall be made on the like proofs, and under the same rules, regulations, oaths, affirmations, pains, and penalties, as in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Anne Entitled, An act for laying additional duties on fope and papery and upon certain linensy silks, calluoes, and Jluffsy and, upon starch and exported coals, and upon flampt vellum, parchment, and papery for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majesty's J, apply, and for allowances on ex porting made wares of leathery Jbeep jkinsy and lamb skins \ and for distribution of four thousand pounds, due to the officers and seamen for gun money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries 5 and touching certain shares of flock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty\ is directed and required.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The addition That the said respective additional duties, hereby imposed on carriapcs, and coac^cs anc other carriages, and on fope made in Great Britain on fope, shall as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the be levied and same manner, and under such management, penalties, and for*paid in the feitures, and with such powers for recovering the same, and by asthe^ormtr ^uctl rues ways and methods, as the several and respective duties. former duties on coaches and other carriages, and on fope made

in Great Britain respectively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the directions of any act or acts of parliament now in force respecting the said duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, relating the reunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Hovrtobeap That all the moneys arising by the said additional and other plied. duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of

raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from au other branches of the public revenue, and shall be appropriated and applied in manner

following; that is to say; the sum of two Shillings, part of the said duty of three Shillings the barrel by this act imposed on table beer, shall be paid, issued, and applied, to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulation as tfic moneys arising by the duties 0q every barrel of six flulliflgs

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 109

beer or ale, or under, were, by the several Statutes in that case made, appropriated unto, and directed to be applied; and the remainder of the said duties on table beer, together with the additional duties on fope, and on coaches and on other carriages, as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the au A book to be ditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which luditor's all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and office, in paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate which the mo and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, nie "ifing his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever 5 and the sia^be enter*said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore c(j,

said, except so much thereof as is herein before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and Application revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session oftbcreo^ parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to ap act of this present lesion of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time or times, it shall happen that the produce In case the of the several duties granted by this act, together with the fe produce of the veral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session brthiffl11*" of parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of three and other acts, pounds per centum, and ot four pounds per centum, and of seven shall prove sateen Shillings and sixpence per centum, in respect of thirteen mil Efficient 10 lions five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for by thetotteiy rcapng a certain sum of monty by way of annuities, and for establish act of this ing a l$ttery9 shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the feve session, then ral annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per fttc^d*en, p antum9 and also the said annuity of seventeen Shillings and six Applied out of pence per centumy to continue for seventy eight years, from the the sinking fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty t wo, fund, Isc. and then to cease, together' with the other charges and expenses attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment at which the lame are directed by the said act to be paid j then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the moneys which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt of tke exchequer, of the furplasses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenyes, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropiated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly: and if, at any time or times.

no

Montes issued out of the sinking fund, how to be re placed.

In case of a surplus of du tie?, the same shall be referred for the disposition of parliament

Recital of a i Geo. vc. 55.

Prom Aug. i, 1781, no tea to be removed from any part of this kingdom into

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii jii. c. 68. 1782-times, before any moneys of the said fund, to be established as

aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and growp due at any of the half yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said sinking fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be ?ny surplus or remainder of the moneys arising by the said fund, after the said several and respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future aft or as of parliament; anything in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by an act made in the last session of parlia inent9 intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with refjpe<it to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; it was, amongst other things, enabled. That, for the preventing of smuggled tea being conveyed from the seacoasts of this kingdom in 0 the flocks of dealer? in tea, no tea exceeding the quantity of six potent h weight Should at any time, firue as therein is after mentioned, be n -, moved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being within ti e limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise jLondon, to any place within the said limits: and whereas the fuj^siring tea to be brought from the country into London in quantiei t not exceeding six pounds weight, bath in a great measure defeated ti i good tffefts proposed by the said recited act, and great quantities / smuggled tea have thereby been received, into the (loch of fraudulti tea dealers, living within the limits aforesaid, now, for the mo effectually preventing such evil practises, be it enacted by ti authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first jfugtef one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea whatev* shall at any time (save as herein after is mentioned) be remove or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being, within tt limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office

y C

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

excise in London, to any place within the said limits; and if any tea whatever shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, save as herein after is mentioned), the same together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing such tea, and the vessels and boats, and the horses, and other cattle and carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

XXII. And whereas by the said recited act it was further enacted, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight (save cs therein is excepted), at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or part r.trship, jhtufd be removed or carried from any cttyx town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforesaid, to any ciber place out 0} the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town farish, Or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; end it was by the same aft provided that nothing therein contained jhsuld be construed to prevent any dealer in any such city, town, pa tish, or place, from taking out two or more permits, and by virtue thereof sending two or more packages of forty pounds each to the same f erf on in the same day, in manner therein dir eft td and provided: end whereas the permitting tea to be sent from places not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of ex dfe in London, in so large quantities as forty pounds weight, has bun much abused by fraudulent dealers in tea, and very considerabu quantities of smuggled tea have thereby been received by such dealers, from the coafis of this kingdom, to the manifest diminution of the re jtnut, and to the injury of the fair trader: now, for obviating such frauds, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being in the original chest in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same date in which it was so imported) at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or' partnership, shall be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforesaid, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, (and not being in the original chest as aforesaid), shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the canifters, bags, and other package con taming the same, and the vessels and boats, and the horses and aether cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same,

in

the weekly bill of mortality, (except as hereafter mentioned; on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Other part of the said act recited

From Aug. r, 178a, no tea exceeding 10 pounds weight (not being in the chest in which it was imported), shall be removed out of any city, Sec. not within the bills of mortality.

on penalty of forfeiture.

na Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

[178a.

same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise j anything in the said Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Several pidc

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ages of 20 herein contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in tea, P, m1be f n town Pari or pace as aforesaid, from tafc

the fame^day.ng out two or more and by virtue thereof sending two

or more packages of tea, of twenty pounds each, to the same person in the same day, so as the said packages shall not contain more than twenty pounds each, and shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances.

Tea removed

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no acwffing to thing herein contained shall be construed to prevent dealers in beretmw^ tca w have recc*vc^ nt lbeir respective (locks any tea removed according to the directions of this.aa, and accompanied with an authentic permit or certificate, from returning the same for the like cause, and in manner and form, as in and by the said recited a A is mentioned and direaed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisions of That all the authorities, powers, provisions, rules, regulations, the recited anj direaions, by the said recited act prescribed and given, and rafflyre*" not hereby expressly taken away or altered, shall continue and pealed) to re he exercised, used, and applied, as they might have been if jnain in force, this act had not been made.

XXVI. And whereas by the several Statutes relating to the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, it is directed, that permits or certificates Should be granted, by the officers of excise, to accompany exciseable commodities removing from one part of this kingdom to another part thereof \ and certain forms of fiub permits have, from time to time, been prepared for that purpose, by the direction and appointment of the said of, with certain Jiamps and marks impressed thereon: and whereas great frauds are daily committed by evil minded persons, who forge or counterfeit such permits or certificates or who knowingly give or grant false and untrue permits or certificates, or who alter or erase permits or certifr

Penalty on cates, after the same have been delivered by the proper officers: for persons couo remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, f^rmitfor*ny roman a^cr day sub* one thousand seven hun

removal of dred and eighty-two, if any person or persons whatsoever shall exciseable counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, an) food permit or certificate, for the removal of any exciseable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by an] act or acts of parliament now in force required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give or grant an] false or untrue permit or certificate, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit or certificate to accompany any such exciseable commodity to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter 01 erase any permit or certificate after the same shall have beet given or granted by the proper officer of cxdfc $ or if any pen

01

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 113

son or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use r who shall of any such permit or certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, kubhtltoi^u untrue, altered, or erased; person so offending shall, for  "y such per. each and every such offence, forfeit and lofc the sum of two mit. hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and may be prose cated in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmihsler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, one moiety whereof to be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the same; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and every such permit or certificate, so counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, or to be Penalties and incurred by virtue thereof, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, forfeitures or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, 7"

penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by applied any law or laws of excise, (not otherwise directed by this act), or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record Westminster, or in the court of ex diequer in Scotland; one moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him who shall discover and sue for the same.

xxviil. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament, made Recital of a in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the better ma clause in i nagement and collection of the duties upon male servants, Geo 3* C 3* granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That all prosecutions for the re (every of the duties upon male servants, and also for all forfeitures end offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the (kief office of excise in London, ball be heard adjudged, and deter medy by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them: end whereas the business of the said office cannot be executed with the ike iifpattby eefe and convenience to the parties concerned therein, as mifht be done in case the said projections were to be heardy adjudged, end determined by a less number of the commissioners of the said duties for the time being than a majority of themy as is now done in all other tofts within the jurisdiction and limits of the said thief office of exact: beittnafted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From July5, after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred782, all pro tnd eighty-two, all such prosecutions as aforesaid which, before the said twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun a niay^dred and eighty-two, shall not be heard, adjudged, end deter determined by mined, but shall then, or at any time after, be depending at any three of the said chief office, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and de termined, by any three or more of such of for the*1 time being; and that it shall be sufficient, in the written account or record of such proceedings, to mention that such pro ftostions are made and exhibited to and before three of such commissioner*, without particularly mentioning or expressing Vol. XXXIV I the

j

114 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 69.

[178a.

the christian and surname of such three of for the time being; and that every such adjudication and determination of such three or more of such of for the time being shall, and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the law, and of the same force and effect, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such adjudication and determination had beeta by all, or by the majority of such of for the time being; any law or Statute to the contrary in anywise not with (landing.

This act not

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatvcrso? the not^'n8 In LISA contained shall extend, or be construed to wdfe officers. cxlcnc* to tac away or lessen any of the powers or authorities a heretofore given to the officers of excise, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relative to the said'duties.

XXX # And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty on That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, assaulting or oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, or cifeofficera "in or 'n^anc* duties, in the due execution of the powers or au executing this thorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this at, aft. every person or persons so doing, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or actions. times, be sued or prosecuted for any act or thing by him or them

done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties of excise, or inland duties, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the act or thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper county; and suck General issue. person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, on demurrer or other treble costs . wise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CAP. LXIX.

An act for compelling john Whitehill esquire to return into this kingdom;

and for restraining him, in case of his return, from going out this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering bit estate and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

If John Whitehill esquire, heretofore governor and president of the ficttle ment of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel in the East Indus and also heretofore member of the council and of the feieft committee of the settlement aforesaid, shall within forty-two days after three notices in the London Gazette, return into this kingdom, he shall enter into recap nizance not to leave the same before feb*i, 17s3, in the penalty si 50, 0001. for himself, and0, 000 1. for his furttics, with tondkion that if

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 69.

he shall not depart out of this kingdom before the ift of February 1783, the said recognisance to be void: for taking, entering and inrolling of wjlich only 10 s. to be taken, betides the stamp duly. In case he neglect to Otter so to such recognisance, barons of the exchequer may commit him tq the Fleet; and if he leave the kingdom before Feb i, 1783, be, and his assistants therein, shall forfeit their eliate3 both real and personal. Johb Whitehill esq; shall, within thirty days after his return into the kingdom, deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of hie lands, tenements, goods, Sec. in Europe, the East Indies, China, or cite where, whereof he wae ferzed or poflviled April 1, 1781, (except his wearing apparel, and that of hit wife and children, the furniture of his house, and flock on his farm). Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of he particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall appear evasive or unfa titfastory, Sec. the barons of the exchequer are to examine the person delivering the same, upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any summons from th said barons, they may issue their Warrant for apprehending the defaulter; who, on refuting to be examined, Sec. shall be committed. Persons detaining any part of the property of John whke hfflefq; or amfe to give information concerning the same, and w'o shall refute to come before the said barons, Sec. when lawfully summoned, shall be committed. Johta Whitehill esq; disabled from aliening or encumbering his real eft ate, until Feb. 1, 1783; and also from aligning his personal estate, except for the subsistence of himself and family, or for paying hit debts contracted before April 19, 1782, and except perishable goods, and sufficient to indemnify his sureties, Exception of 10, 000 i. to make a provision for children, in case of marriage, which provision not to be affected by such recognisance. This act not to disable John Whitehill esq; from dhpoghg of hu estate or effects, in case he shall die before Feb. 1, 1783, Scc. ftibjcft to the justice and disposition of parliament, nor from trans fsrring any mortgage aflfefttog his estate April 29, 1782, for securing mo. nqr boon side before doe, so as no further sum be advanced after. If John Whitehill esq; shall, before Feb, 1, 1783, convey any of his mohies or eftefts out of the realm, (except as is excepted), he, and his aiders therein, shall be punished as felons, and suffer death Penalty on persons who shall conceal any estate belonging to John Whitehill esq; to forfeit treble value, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the informer, to be recovered by action, Sec. with colts, and to suffer imprisonment for one wholeyear, without bail. Allowance to be made to persons making discovery of any estate or effects concealed; 201. percent, for effects beyond tea, and 101. percent, if in the kingdom; to be paid out of the net produce. east-india company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, See. Allowance to persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India; 201. percent, out of the net produce, and the governor-general and coundl of Bengal, and the governor and council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the same in (be name of the east-india company. Persons in India who shall secrete any estate, real or personal, after six months from the time of entering the particulars of his estate upon record, to foifcit trtble the value, one moiety to the east-india company, and the other to hm that will sue; to be recovered by action' Sic. with colts; and if the offender be a British subject to foffer imprisonment at the discretion of the court, but not above one year. Forfeited estates, See. to be paid into the exchequer. In case John Whitehill esq; shall not, within twenty days alter the expiration of the forty-two days befofe mentioned, return into this kingdom, all his estates, both real and personal, shall be forfeited to his Majesty. To be a publick act.

---

116 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 70. [1782.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

[Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. 3. c. 24.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage, it is enacted, that from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter-office, or post office, or office of postmaster-general, shall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets sent by the post, to or from any place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage is not, by the said act, extended to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, or to the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, who, by virtue of their respective offices and employments, necessarily send and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of these kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Commander in chief, and his secretary, empowered to send and receive letters free from postage.]

That from and after the passing of this act, the said commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, shall and may send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as other officers mentioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive the fame, in pursuance of the said act.

[The said commander to appoint two persons to endorse public letters sent from his office.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commander in chief for the time being to authorize and direct certain persons, not exceeding two in number, in his office or department (a list of whose names shall be, from time to time, transmitted by him to the general post office in London), to make and subscribe an indorsement upon letters and packets, to be sent by the post from his office, which shall concern the publick business of his office or department, signifying that such letters and packets are upon his Majesty's service; which letters and packets, being so subscribed, and being sealed with the seal of the commander in chief for the time being, or his secretary, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the post, free from the duty of postage.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 71. 117

[Penalty on indorsing any letter which does not concern the said office.]

That if any Person, authorized to make and subscribe such indorsement, shall knowingly make the same, or procure the same to be made, upon any letter or packet which does not really concern the business of the said office or department of commander in chief such person shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as by the act of the ninth year of the reign of queen Anne, for establishing a general post office, is directed with respect to the penalties inflicted by the said act; and for the second offence shall be dismissed from his office.

CAP. LXXI.

An act more effectually to prevent his Majesty's enemies from being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS there is great reason to apprehend that his

Majestfs enemies may endeavour, by purchasing in the name if the subjects of neutral fates, or by other indirect means and aeon trhances, to obtain the ships of his Majesty's subjects, as well for the purpose of bojltlity agatnjl his Majesty % for carrying on their own trade end commerce, whereby the public service, and the trade and commerce if this country, may be greatly injured $ for preventing thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of July, one thou From July to, hod seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for po per any of his Majesty's subjects (without licences from his Majesty [^n^e^au in council first obtained), directly or indirectly, to sell or other f^ftny ship wise dispose of, or to contrast or agree to sell or otherwise dicto any7subject pose of, any ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, to any subject or of a neutral fabjects of any neutral state, or to any person or persons refid state C ing in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such subject or subjects of any neutral state, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever; and if any such sale, disposition, contrast, or agree All such con ment, shall be made, it shall be null and void to and for all in trad to be tents and pipposes whatsoever; and the ship or ships, or vessel ., d the or vessels, so sold and disposed of, or agreed to be sold or dif forfeited.' poled of, with the guns, ammunition, (lores, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, belonging, shall be forfeited to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc cessors, and the person or persons offending herein shall over and above forfeit the value of such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels; and all such ships or vessels, of which any sale or disposition, or agreement for sale or disposition, shall be made contrary to this act, shall be seizable, if in any port, by or by order of the colltftor, comptroller, or other principal officer of

13 the

y"

Ship! sold before July 10,

178a, and retraining in port, such Tales shall be void

Matter, or owner, of every ship, C (ailing to any foreign port, to give bond to his Majesty that the same shall not be sold contrary to this act.

In case any

ship, after giving such bond, shall be sold to any of his Majesty's lub jests, a new bond shall be given.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 71. [1782.

the customs in such port; or if at sea, then by the commander of any of his Majesty's Clips or vessels of war, or of any vessel; in the service of his Majesty's revenue.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, before the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects shall have been sold, or have been contracted to be sold, to any subject or subjects of any neutral date, or to any person or persons residing in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such subject or subjects of any neutral date, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, and shall, at any time after the passing of this act, be in any port or harbour within Great Britain, then every such sale, or contract for sale, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July, onerhoufand seven hundred and eighty-two, before any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's subjects shall be permuted or allowed to sail or depart from any port or harbour of Great Britain bound to any foreign port or place, a bond shall be given to his Majesty by the mader or one of the owners, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place from whence such ship or vessel is intended to (ail, in double the value of such ship or vessel, and of the guns, ammunition, dares, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to stich ship or vessel belonging, upon coodition that the same ship or vessel shall not, during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly, be sold or disposed of, or contracted or agreed to be sold or disposed of, contrary to this act; and the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his msyefty's customs shall, upon taking such bond, give a certificate under his hand without ahy see or reward for the same, that Aich bond hath been given to his Majesty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel, after bond given in purfqance of this a, shall be sold or disposed of to any of his Majesty's natural born subjects, residept within this realm, or in any of his Majesty's dominions, it shall be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place at which such bond was given, or at any other port or place in Great Britain, upon application to be made to him or them ia that behalf, and upon production of the certificate herein before directed, to uke from the mader, or one of the owners, and two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by such collector, comptroller, or other principal officer, another bond to his Majesty, in the same penalty, and with the like condition, as the bond befoae given in respc^l of such ship or vessel; and from thenceforth such former bond, in case there shall not have happened any breach in the condition thereof, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes; and rhis provisiott for taking of a new bond shall operate and have effect as often as there shall be any new sale of any such ship or vessel.

1782/i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 72, 73. 119

V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all bonds, The bonds to to be taken pursuant to this act, shall be provided at the ex*

of his Majesty, and shall not be chargeable with any of cx*' the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law pence, or Statute to the contrary in any wrfe notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every broker, agent, or Penalty on

other person negotiating or trailfading any sale, contract, or king any agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to this" shall forfeit and pay the (um of one thousand pounds ad

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the pecuniary pe penalties and nalties and forfeitures, which shall be incurred under this act, forfeitures shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or bow to be re information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West cov^fin<* master, or in the court nf exchequer in Scotland respectively, in pp # noeflbin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety thereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceuors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of bin), her, or them, who Audi foe for the same,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons sued fons shall be sued or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in executing in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the thelae general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi {jeralissue,dence in his, her, or their defence or defences 5 and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to and recover him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble costs

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thjt this Continuance ad shall only continue in force until the end of one month from of this act. the first day of the session of parliament which shall next enfae

after the passing of this act.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for continuing to much of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets.

( Geo. 3. C. 8. recited, and further continued until June 14, 17s8, and to the end of the then next felhon of parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

In ah to explain an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Seconds, (entitled, An act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or lowing of tobacco in England or Ireland), and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain restrictions.

[Preamble.]

Whereas by an ail, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for prohibiting the planting, Reckai of an I 4 setting, aa L Cai*

5 q^an. C 8.

The rcc'ted aft, See. extended to Scotland.

Tobacco, the growth of Scotland, to be entered, See. before Aug. ao, 178a.

Such tobacco not to be re

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 73. [1782.

setting, or sowing of tobacco in England, the setting, planting, or improving to grow, making or luring tobacco, either in seed, plant, or other wise, within the kingdom/* England, dominion of Wales, Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, is prohibited; and the said ofl has, by several subsequent alls, been explained and enforced: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said prohibition is extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of her late Majesty >ueen Anne, intituled An act for an union of the two kingdoms Of England and Scotland): now, for obviating such doubts for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other act or acts which hath since passed for prohibiting the culture of tobacco in England, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; anything in any former act or acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is reasonable to permit, for a limited time, under certain rejlriliions, the use and consumption of such tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have been planted before the passing of this act, and be now growing the re, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons whatsoever, having in his, her, or their custody or possession, any tobacco of the growth or production of Scotland, shall, before the twentieth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, give or send notice in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, to the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs, at the customhouse in Scotland nearest to the place where such tobacco shall be lodged, a jut and true account upon oath (tohich oath such collector and comptroller of the customs are hereby authorised and required to administer) of the quantity of such tobacco that such person or persons shall then have in his, her, or their custody or possession; and at the same time shall enter with and pay to such collector and comptroller the like duties for such tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America \ and the like account shall in like manner be given or sent, and the like duties paid, for all tobacco that shall have been planted before the passing of this act, and may be now growing in Scotland; which last mentioned account shall be sent, and the duties paid, within three calendar months after such tobacco shall be gathered, on forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be found unentered after the respective times herein before limited.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afort said, That such tobacco shall not be carried or removed from

Scotland,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 73* iafi

Jutland, into any part of England, by land carriage, upon the moved into forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, and carri England by ages, made ufc of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of theme*

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the proprietor or pro but may by prictors of such tobacco to remove the same, coastwise by water, water, under, into any port in.england, from the port where such tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any time before the twentieth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in hogsheads or calks, each of which shall not contain Ids than four hundred and fifty pounds weight of such tobacco; and before such tobacco shall be laden on board any ship or vessel for that purpose, the hogsheads or calks shall be marked on the outside with the words Scots Tobacco, in letters not less than three inches in length, with ink or some other durable liquor j and the net weight of such tobacco, and the care of the calks,

shall be also marked, with such ink or liquor, on the outsides of such hogsheads or calks, and a certificate shall be granted, by the collector and comptroller of the customs at such port, to the mailer of the ship or vessel on board which such tobacco shall be laden, to accompany the same; which certificate shall express the weight of such'tobacco, with the marks upon the casks, the name of the ship or vessel, the name of the person or persons by whom the duty was paid, and the time when, and the port in England to which, such tobacco is intended to be carried; and such tobacco shall also be liable to the like coast Securities, sufferances, cocquets, and other restrictions, not altered by this act, as are required by law for tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the British colonies or plantations in America, carried coastwise in Great Britain; and if such tobacco shall be removed, or found removing, without being marked as before directed, or without such sufferance, cocquet, or certificate, or shall not agree therewith, such tobacco shall be forfeited.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall take any Penalty oa faife oath, or shall counterfeit, forge, erase, or in any wise alter counterfeiting any certificate required by this act, or shall cause or procure cj^tes. such certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any respect, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same; and such penalty shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or lord advocate for Scotland, or in the name of any officer or officers of the customs in any court of record in England, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, where such offence shall be committed or difeo wcd.

1*2

Ail to bacco not duty entered, or removed contrary to this act, with the cattle, C shall be fcw fcited.

Duty to be paid without any discount.

Application

tneieof.

No drawback

on exportation.

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 74^5. [1782.

VI. And i is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such tobacco as shall not be entered, and fbi which the duties shall not he paid pursuant to the directions ol this act, or which shall be removed, or found removing, in anj respect contrary thereto, together with the horses, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same manner, and by such ways and means, as other forfeited tobaceb, horses, cattle, and carriages, may be fetzed^ pro&cutod, recovered, and disposed of, by any act or acts 6 parliament in force in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforei said, That the said duty herein-before granted shall be pak down kl ready money without any discount or allowance what (never, and shall be under the management and direction ft tto of of the cu(focus in Scotland, and their officers, an shall be remitted to, and paid into, the receipt of his Majesty exchequer, by the receiver-general of the customs in Englaii distinct and apart from all other monks which such receivd general Ikail receive for the use of his Majesty* his heirs or successors; and shall be appropriated and applied to the same ufa and purposes as the duties payable upon the importation of to bacco of the growth or prpduft of the brhtr/b colonies or plan tarions in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afok said. That no part of the said duty, granted by this act, (ha be repaid or allowed upon the exportation of such tobacco frost any part of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissionets, or other persons for putting in execution certain act of tb feftfon ft parliament.

Any aft p ailed during the present session, the commissionertt Scc. form cuting whereof shall not have met as therein directed, may meet, CI any day within a fortnight after the end ofthi session.

CAP LXXV

An act to prevent the granting in future any patent office to te m died in any colony or plantation new, or at any time hereafter, i longing to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer term tk during fitch time as the grantee thereof, or person appointed tier to, fliatt discharge the duty thereof in person, and behave id therein.

WHEREAS the practice of granting offices in his Mojtf colonies and plantations in America, and the West Ind to persons resident and intending to refede in Great Britain, (in U sequence whereof such officers are exercisei by deputy, and have hi i frtqm

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 7 123

frequently farmed out to the best bidder), has been long complained of os a grievance by his Majesty's loyal jukjebs in those parity who have been thereby exposed to exactions and opprejjionty as well as to incon \enienus arising from neglxft of dotty; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this patent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from grantingpa henceforth np office to be exercised in any colony or plantation nt to no, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, shall be granted or guntable by patent for any longer nie, restria term than during such time as the grantee thereof, or person CD appointed thereto, shall discharge the duty thereof in person, and behave well therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Governor and if any person or persons holding such office, shall be wilfully ab council may Jem from the colony or plantation wherein the same is or.ought !moe o? to be exercised, without a reasonawe cause to be allowed by the governor and council for the time being of such colony or plantation, or shall Reeled the duty of such office, or otherwise misbehave therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for such governor and council to amove such person or persons from

every or any such office: and in cate any person or persons so amoved shall think him tel f aggrieved thereby, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other cates of appeal from such colony or plantation, whereon such amotion shall be finally judged of and determined by his Majesty in council.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the governor and may grant and council of any colony or plantation to give such leave of abcavc * tence as they shall tee occasion 5 and in such case, as likewise in lcncc*

the case of vacancy occasioned by death or amotion, to provide for the due discharge of the duties of such office or offices until the king's pleasure shall be known.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall open Subsisting

rate to the prejudice of any subsisting grant of such office or grant not to offices, or to prevent any office being granted determinable at C prejudiced picasure. *by thuaft.

CAP. IXXVI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raice the stun of one million, for the life and purposes therein mentioned.

Credit of Toon granted to his Majesty for 1,000, 0001. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is preienbed by the bod tax act f this session, concerning loans, Sec. The clauses, Sec. in the said at relating to loans, or exchequer bills, (except such claults as charge the same on the taxes granted by the said a, or limit the rate of interest) txtenhud to the loams, See. to be made in pursuance of this a. Principal fed ukcrest, with charges, to be paid out of the next supply, and if fuf iciemt suppltes be not granted before July 5, 1783, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys lo issued to be replaced out of the first fapplies. The bank impo*ered to advance, on the said credit of loan, uiy (urn net exceeding r>000, 0001,

124 anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. [1782.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of lon dofty governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital called Bethelem, and the presidents, treasurersy and ailing governors, of the said several hospitals.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse disputes and differences have arisen between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possesslons, revenues, and gooisy of toe hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bride, well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighthy King England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital tailed Bethelem, and thepresidents, treasurersy and ailing governors, of the said several hospitahy touching their respective rights, powers and privtlegesy in the ordering, management, government and iifpo fttion of the said hospitahy and the ejlatesy possessxonsy and revenues thereof: and whereas several persons, deputed by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, have had several meetings with persons deputed by the said presidentsy treasurersy and ailing governorsy for the purpose of settling and terminating the several matters in dispute between them; and in consequence of tub meetings, and of the resolutions of a court of common council of the city of London, and also of general courts held for the said respeiltvt hospitahy the said mayor and commonalty and citizensy and the soil presidentsy treasurersy and ailing governorsy have respectively entered into and executed an agreement in the wordty or to the purport and effeil following; (that is to say

Articles of agreement.

ARTICLES of AG REE ME NT madey concludedy and agreed upon y between the mayor, and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals Edward King/* England the Sixthy of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, by virtue of an order cr resolution of a court of common councily held the thirtieth day if May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, of the one part; and the right honourable Thomas Harley alderman of London presidenty and John Darker esquire treasurery of Saint Bartholomew's Hospital; Robert Alsop esquire alderman of London presidenty and Thomas Burfoot esquire treasurery of christ's Hospital 5 Richard Clark esquire alderman of London treasurer of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals; Samuel Plumbe esquire alderman of London presidenty and Edward Jefferies esquire treasurery of Saint thomas's

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

Hospital j and the several other persons now a sling as governors of the faii several hospitals respectively, whoy in behalf of them fives and others a sling as governors as aforesaid have hereunto set their bands and fools by virtue of certain orders made at several general courts of the faii hospitals respectively* videlicet, of Saint bartholomew's Hospital the twelfth day of June, of christ's Hospital the thirteenth day of June, of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals the fourteenth day of June, and of Saint thomas's Hospital the said twelfth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two aforesaid of the other part.

WHEREAS the ordering, management, and government of the said hospitals, and of each and every of them, and the several rights, revenues, and possessions thereof respectively, were vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, by several charters or letters patent of the late Kings Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, bearing date respectively the thirteenth day of janu cry in the thirty eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and twenty sixth day of June in the sixth year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, with such powers, rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and subject to such restrictions, limitations, and trusts, as in the said charters or letters patent are expressed and contained: and whereas the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London in pursuance and by virtue of such charters or letters parent, took upon themselves the management and government of the said several hospitals, and madeieveral orders and regulations touching the same: and whereas, at a general court held at chrijts Hospital upon the twenty seventh day of September one thousand five hundred and fifty seven, by the governors of all the said hospitals, it was ordered and agreed, That the said hospital of Saint Bartholomew Should from thenceforth be united to the rest of the said hospitals, and be made one body with them; and that for the government of all the said hospitals, sir Martin Brttwkqight (then an alderman of the city of London) Should be comptroller general, and sir Andrew Judde knight (then also an alderman) Should be surveyor general, and that three aldermen, a treasurer, and eight other citizens therein named and described, Should be governors for each and every of the said hospitals, and such hospitals respectively from thenceforth continued under the same kind of management, with a small in creafeof governors, down to the year one thousand five hundred and sixty four, when, upon the twenty first day of September in that year (being Saint Matthew's day), a president, treasurer, and other governors, were chosen at chrijvs Hospital for each of the said hospitals: and these elections upon Saint Matthew's day were continued annually, down to the year one thousand five hundred and eighty seven $ from that period courts were at several times held at chri/ts Hospital down to the year one thousand six hundred and fifty-two inelusive, for electing or

coa

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. [1782.

confirming governors of the said hospitals respectively, but not yearly, or in the same regular manner as thentofore: and courts were also held during that period, at and for the said hospitals, for nominating or electing governors of those hospitals. respectively, and for the management thereof; and from and after that time, it does not appear that such annual elections on Saint Matthew's day were kept up or observed at christs Hospital for nominating or electing governors of the said hospitals respectively, save only for confirmation of the governors elected at the said hospitals; but it appears that the governors of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Chri/}> Bridewell, and Btthekm respectively, have been chosen at general courts or committees held at the said hospitals, from and after the said year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and fifty-two, down to the present time: and whereas it also appears by ancient records or entries, and otherwise, fhat lists of the governors chosen for the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, and Bethelemf and Saint Thomas, have been annually sent from those hospitals o christs Hospital previous to the meeting of the said governors on Saint Matthews day for confirmation, and that such lists have constantly been delivered to the clerk of chrijts Hospital, and by him, together with a list of governors of chrijts Hospital, presented to the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, and by his lordship immediately delivered over, or di reeled to be delivered over, yearly and every year, at that time and place, to the town clerk of the same city attending his lord ship on those meetings, in the presence of the aldermen, or great part of them, without making any objection to, or attempting to alter in any respect the annual lists of governors so delivered, or that mode of confirmation; which practice or vfage hath been continbed as to all the said hospitals to the present time, save and except that the presidents, treaftirers, governors, and officers of the said several hospitals were for forae years appointed by certain of authorised by his late msgefty King Charles the Second, for the regulation or the said hospitals: and whereas great benefit has been derived to the charitable institutions of the said hospitals from such mode of managing and conducting the same, and from the voluntary contributions, grants, bequests, and donations of the several persons so elected governors as aforesaid, and others s and whereas disputes have arisen between the said mayor and corrtmonalty and citizens, and the persons acting as governors of the said hospitals, touching their respective rights, powers, and privileges, in the ordering, management, government, and disposition of the said hospitals, and the estates, possessions, and revenues thereof: and it is conceived to be for the mutual benefit of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and of the said hospitals, that all such disputes Should ccafe, and be finally and amicably settled, adjusted, and terminated, and that the actual ordering, management, and government of the said hospitals re fpcdtively shall for ever hereafter be continued in the mayor and

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. 127

aldermen of the said city, together with the other persons now acting as governors, or hereafter to be elected as such, in she uftu! mode of election of governors at the said respective hospitals, and such of the commoners of the said city as shall be elected and chosen in the manner hereafter to be hereby directed, with such powers, rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and under and subject to such restrictions and trusts, as are in the said charters or letters patent, and herein after in these articles, expressed and contained: now therefore these presents witness, that, in order to effectuate the salutary purposes herein before mentioned, it is hereby mutually and fully agreed and declared by and between the said parties to these presents, in manner following; (that is to say),

firs That the governors of the said several hospitals of Saint First article Bartholomew, Bethelem> Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the jpojhe9 and every of them named in the respective lists, delivered in noon the twenty first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, being Saint Matthew's day, at chrijts Hospital aforesaid, to the town clerk of the city of lon by the order of the lord mayor; and also those' governors who have been elected since the delivery of such lists, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the said city of London; and also the members of the said court of common council, to be nominated and appointed as herein after is mentioned, for the time being, shall be established and confirmed governors of fttch of the aforesaid hospitals respectively, of which they had been dedted governors previous to the delivery of such lists as aforesaid, or have been since the delivery of such lists, or in future shall be elected governors, in such and the same manner, and with such and the same rights, privileges, powers, and authorities, a6 any governors of the same several hospitals, or any of them, at any time or times since the first establishment or appointment of the annual meetings at chrijts Hospital on Saint Mattbevfs day, for the nomination, election, or confirmation of governors of the said hospitals respectively, have, or could, or might, or ought to have had, in the governing, ordering, management, and disposition of the business, affairs, or concerns of the said hospitals respectively, and of the real estates and possessions of every denomination, and of the rents and revenues thereof; and also of all and Angular the goods, chattels, and personal estate and effects whatsoever, of or belonging to the same hospitals respectively; and such governors who have been so already elected, and such governors as shall be hereafter elected at general courts or committees to be held for the said hospitals respectively, in such manner as such governors now are or ought to be elected or chosen by the rules and orders now used and established, or hereafter to be used and established, in the bid hospitals respectively, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London aforesaid, and the members of Ac said court of common council for the time being, to be no mutated and appointed as herein after mentioned, shall have

good

n8 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. [1787.

good right, full power, and absolute authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to nominate, elect, and appoint, the presidents, treasurers, and all other officers and ministers of and for the said hospitals respectively, and to do every other ad, matter, and thing, alts, matters, and things, necessary or expedient to be done for the good government and conduct of the same fever^l hospitals, and in the management and disposition of the estates real and personal of the same respectively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the governors of the same hospitals respectively have at any time or times heretofore acted in or about the government, management, and disposition of the same, orin anywise relating thereto, without the lawful suit, hindrance, denial, interruption, molestation, or disturbance, of or by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whomsoever or whatsoever.

Second article. Secondly, That at fell times hereafter, when and so often as it shall or may be necessary or expedient for the mayor, aldermen, and other governors of the said hospitals respectively, acting and to act as aforesaid, to prosecute, carry on or defend any suit or suits, distress or distresses, ejedment or ejedments, or other acts or proceedings either at law or in equity, touching or concerning all or any of the possessions, rights, titles, or revenues of the same hospitals, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor, aldermen, and other governors or the said hospitals respectively, acting or to act as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, on all such occasions, and for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to use and assume the names, style, and title of the mayor and commonalty and citizen, of the city of London, as governors of the house of the poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital near West Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth; and as mailers, guardians, and governors of the house and hospital called Bethtlem, situate without and near to bishopsgate, of the said city of London; and as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, or of such of the said hospitals respectively, touching or concerning which, or the rights, title, possessions, or revenues whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, or other acts or proceedings as aforesaid, shall or may be commenced, made, or prosecutea; and that in all cases whatsoever wherein the name, style, or title, of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city (hold be soused or afliuned for any of the uses or purposes aforesaid, the costs, charges, damages, and expenses, which shall be incurred and sustained by reason or means of such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be born, paid, and disbursed, by the treasurer for the time being of the said hospitals respectively, concerning which, or the estates, revenues, or possessions whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be brought, prosecuted, or made, out of the general funds of the same hospitals respectively, or out of the rents and revenues

17j2j Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

thereof; and that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, and their respective goods, chattels, and estates and also the lands, tenements, estates, and possessions, belonging to them in their separate capacity, other than the estates and possessions vested in them for the use and benefit of the said several hospitals, shall be indemnified, protected, and saved harmless, from and against all such costs, damages, and ex peaces, to be incurred as aforesaid: and further, that in case the treasurers of the said hospitals respectively, for or concerning which, or the estates or revenues whereof, such suit or suits flull at any time hereafter be brought and prosecuted, or such distress or distresses shall be made, shall refuse or neglect to make such payments as aforesaid; and the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and his or their respective estates, or the estates or revenues which they enjoy in their corporate capacity, other than the estates and revenues vested in them for the benefit of the said hospitals respectively, shall become charged with the payment of such costs, charges, damages, and expenses, as aforesaid; that then and in such case, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city to enter into and upon any of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and revenues, belonging to any of the said hospitals, in respect of which any such actions or suits shall be brought, and whereof the legal interest is become vested in them under or by virtue of the several charters granted to them by King Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, or either of them, and to hold and enjoy the same, and receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until the sum for which they or their estates shall become so charged shall be fully paid and Satisfied, and no longer.

ykiruji That the seal of or belonging to the aforesaid hospitals shall be restored to the chamber of the said city of London, and be kept as heretofore by the chamberlain of the same city for the time being, in a purie or box sealed with the seals of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, and any of the aldermen of the same city who shall be present at any time or times that the same seal shall be used; that all leases which shall at any time or times hereafter be made or granted of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of or belonging to the aforesaid several hospitals, or any of them, and all and every other deeds, presentations, and other instruments whatsoever relating to or concerning the same hospitals, or the estates, revenues, and possessions thereof respectively^ (after the same shall have been examined, approved, and signed, by the presidents or treaforers, and such a competent number of the aldermen and other governors of such of the said respective hospitals, to which such leases, deeds, or instruments, shall relate or concern, as have been used and accustomed to examine, approve, and sign the same, shall be left at the chamberlain's office aforesaid, for the aforesaid seal of the said hospitals to be affixed thereto. With such doequet or writing explaining the purport of such Vol. XXXIV K leases,

12

Third article.

*3 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II. g*77^ [1782.

leases, deeds, or instruments, so to be left at the said office, in such manner and form a? heretofore was and has been used and accustomed in that behalf, and the same leases and writings so to be left as aforesaid), shall thereupon be sealed with the said seal of the aforesaid hospitals in the next court of aldermen or of common council, whichever shall first happen, without any reacting, addition, examination, or alteration of the same.

Fourth article, fourthly. That the said court of common council shall or may, at their first court to be held after the twenty first day of December now next ensuing, or at any subsequent court, nominate and appoint forty-eight persons (being members of the court of common council of the said city), out of which number the names of twelve (half be sent to Saint bartholomew's he/pitol^ twelve to the united hospitals of Bridewell and Bctbelm, twelve to Christ's Hospital, and twelve to Saint Thomas Hefpitaf, to be governors thereof respectively 5 and that such names shall be entered in the books of the said hospitals, and in the lists of the governors thereof respectively, in the order in which they shall be so sent; and they and every of them shall from thenceforth be governors of the said respective hospitals, and shall as such in all matters relative to the said hospitals respectively, for /fo long time, and for so many years successively, as they respectively shall continue to be members of the said court of com ipon council, or shall be re elected as such members of the said court; and they, and each and every of them, shall have and enjoy the like privileges, benefits, and advantages, which the*other governors of the said hospitals (not being aldermen) have Had and enjoyed, or now enjoy; and that when and as often as any one or more of the said twelve members of the said court of common council, whose names shall be sent to any or either of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shall die, or cease to be a member or members of the said court of common council, or shall not be re elected into such office, the said court of common council shall and may nominate and appoint another person, or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of him or them so dying, or ceasing to be of the common council, or who shall not be re elc<sted; and foand in like manner, when and as often as any new governor, to be nominated and sent to any of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shall die, or cease to be a member of the said court of common council, iand shall not be re elected into such office, the said court of common council shall or may nominate and appoint another] person or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of the governor or governors lafti mentioned, and shall and may in like manner fill up all future vacancies which shall happen, so as that twelve members of the (hid court of common council, and no more, so nominated and! sent to the said several hospitals as aforesaid, may for the rhyme! being, and for ever hereafter, be governors in each of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew Christ, and Saint Thomas the Jpoftle; and also that twelve members of the said common

coon

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. 1

countil may be governor's of the said united hospitals of bride util and Bethelem\ and all and every the person and persons from time to time to be chosen by the said court of common council, upon any such vacancy as aforesaid, (after his or their name or names shall be sent to the said hospital or hospitals where such vacancy or vacancies respectively shall happen

shallpr may at as governors of the same hospitals respectively, and he entitled to the like privileges and advantages as the governors first to be chosen and sent by the said common council as aforesaid.

Provided, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Provilb* rights of such members of the court of common council as how arc governors of any of the said hospitals, or shall hereafter be  come so, by election or nomination of the governors of such hospital, in the manner heretofore used and accustomed, over and ( bfcfides the twelve members of the said court who shall be governors by virtue of this agreement.

And, lajuy, for removing all doubts touching the observance and performance of this agreement, and of the matters and things herein contained, by all the parties hereto, and their successors, it is hereby further agreed by and between all the panics aforesaid, That this present agreement, and all and every the matters and things herein contained, shall be humbly fub nutted to the consideration and confirmation of the legislature, loas that the same may, under the present application to parliament for a bill for establishing end confirming the present gover non of the respective hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bethelem,

Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apofile, of royal foun-

Jetien, in the exercise and enjoyment of all such acts> poiuersy and }rivilefs> relating to the aid hospitals, and the estates and rruenucs thereof as are therein expressed, and for the other purposes therein mti $ned\ or otherwise, be established and confirmed by the authority of an a of parliament, with futh saving clause as is usual in cases of the like nature, if the legislature shall so think fit.

In witness whereof, to one part of these articles, the said, mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, as such governors as aforesaid, have caused their common seal, used for tbcestates and concerns of the said hospitals, to be affixed: apd to the other part thereof the said Thomas Harley, John Darker, hhert Alfopy Thomas Burfooty Richard Clarhy Samuel Plumbe, and Edtuard Jefseries, esquires, and the several other persons now ailing as such governors, as aforesaid, whose bands andf full are hereunto seton behalf of themselves and others ailing, as such governors, have /everally and respectively set their hands nd seals the fifteenth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

M whereas it is'conceived* that it will be greatly for the benefit of the tftresaidseveral royal hospitals, and tendtorejlore and establish the per meat peace and good government of the same reffectively, if the said K % agree

i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

[178a.

agreement could be confirmed and rendered valid and effectual; but ihasmuch as the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of an act of parliament, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, tie mayor and commonalty and citizens <?/ix>ndon, governors of thepojjtf suns revenues, and goods, of the aforesaid hospitals and the prefiaents, treasurersy and acting governors of thesaidseveral royal hospitals reflectively, do mofi humbly befeecbyour Majesty that it may be enacted 2 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au the said ar thority of the same, That the said articles of agreement, dated ticks of agree the fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and inent are^eighty-two, and herein before set forth, and all and every the firmejand* covenants, clauses, provisoes, stipulations, and agreements stablished. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified, confirmed, and established, according to the tenor, purport, and true intent and meaning of the same.

The articles

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to extend to for rendering the said articles of agreement more effectual for the mew's and fevera* purposes therein mentioned, the said mayor and com betbekm hof monalty and citizens of the said city of London, and all other pitals. the parties thereto, shall observe and perform the several matters

[Publick act.]

and things therein contained, not only as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edworl King of England the Sixth, of Chrtft, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the jfpofile, but also as governors of the house of the poor in tvefl Smithfield near Londoify of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and as matters, keepers, and governors, of the aforesaid house and hospital called Bethelemy as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said mayor and commonalty and citizens had been described in the said articles of agreement by the respective corporate names herein before mentioned. m. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public act in all courts within the kingdom of Great Britain; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

General fav IV Saving always to the king's most excellent Majesty, his hein gand successors, and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens

of the said city of London and to all and every other person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, his, her, and their hein, successors, executors, and administrators, all such estate, right, title, interest, property, claim or demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, before the passing of this act, except only as to such rights, interests and claims, of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, and of the persons now and heretofore acting as governors of the said hospitals respectively, as are given up, altered, modified, and taken away, by virtue of this act, or of the agreement above recited, and by this act confirmed.

*33

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 78.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to permit drugs, that produr of Hungary or Germany, to bt imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the single duty; to allow the importation of Hungary or German wines, and ot ganzined thrown jiik, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in shipe the property of subjects under the same sovereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the eighth

and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, Recital of I & intituled An act for theleflening the duty upon tin and pewter GUI. j#c. exported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drags, after reciting, That whereas by an act, made in the twelfth year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other Turns of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was provided, That all drugs imported direct, from that place of their growth in English built shipping, be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more, it was, among other things, enacted, That the subsidy to be received for all drugs, imparted billy from the place of their growth in Englifti built flapping, ball bt otarding to the full value on the respective species enumerated in the book of rates, and not according to the said abatement; and for oil drugs otherwise imported, treble such full value: and whereas drugs of the growth, produr, or manufarure of Hungary and Germany, hove heretofore been usually imported from Rotterdam, upon payment of the single duty; and it is expedient to permit fitch drugs tt be imported in like manner from the Austrian Netherlands, or any port in Germany: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem med, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after j^y$ the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all drugs of the growth, production, or manufacture prodia of m Hungary or Germany, which shall be laden and shipped at any Hungary or port or place in the Austrian Netherlands, or at any port in Ger Germany, many, and imported from thence in British built shipping into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly he Austrian from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, Netherlands, and shall be liable to and pay duties accordingly j anything in con pay the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to 2* J the contrary notwithstanding. duty

1l And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Duties to ho Cud, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, one paid on the toubnd fevea hundred and eighty.two, it shall and ma '

j 3f Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. f. jrjl.

organzined lawful for any person or persons to import any wines, or any from^gcrma oranzjne(l thrown silk, being the growth, product, or manu ny, &: C being facture, of Hungary, the Austrian dominions, or any part of gcr the product of wavy into Great Britain, from the Austrian Netherlands, or from the imperial any port or place subject to the emperor ot Germany, or house nonunions. of Austria, upon payment of the same duties for such wine as are due and payable for Rhenish wine, and the same duties for such organzined thrown silk as are due and payable for the like silk imported into this kingdom from Italy, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recital of the

III. And whereas by an all of parliament, made in the twelfth navigational, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for i*car.2.c.i8. the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, ////, amongst other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of tbt growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or to anf the f countries, dominions, or territories, to the great duke or enfptwe of ^lufcovy or Russia belonging; as also that no sorts of masts, timber, trn boards, no foreign salt, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp, or flax, raisins, figs, prunes, olive oils; no sorts of corn or grain, sugar, pot qjbes, wines, vinegar, or spirits called Aqua Vitae, or Brandy Wine, Jhtll he imported into England, Ireland, Wafcs, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any slip or Ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but such as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or same of them, as the true owners and+proprietors thereof, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are English; except only such foreign hips and vessels as art of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the grovhh, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods aeon only bp, or most usually are, first shipped for transportation, and whereof the ipaftfr and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are of the said country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods: and whereas by another act, mode in the sixth year of the reign of his late $ Geo.i.c. 15. majesty King George the First, intituled An act to repeal so much - of the ad, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of deal boards and fir timber from Germany, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That it shall and mey be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to import any quantity or quantities of fir timber, fir planks, masts, and deal boards, being of the growth of Germany, into this kingdom, from any port er place in Germany, in British built Ships only, so as the owner or owners are his Majesty's British subjects, and whereof the aa/lerani three fourths of the mariners at leqft are British subjects, paying the v\ke rates and duties to his Majesty for the same as are payable for sir timber, fir planks, mash, and deal boards, imported from Norway: w, iq order to encourage and promote the importation of timber, and several of the other articles enumerated in the said ids, into this kingdom \ be it further enacted by the authority from July5, ttforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty fifth day of Jefy*

nut timber q0c thoqfaad seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall. aniaajf. ftc. maybe 0 r -

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 79. 135

Wiawful fur smy person or persons to import into Great Bri imported in tain nay sort of timbery or any of the said artides enumerated in the before recited acts, from any foreign port or place in Europe, c, tun rein any ship or vessel being the property of subjects under the same itriftioni \ sovereign as the country of which such goods are the growth, produa, or manufacture, although the country or place where such ship or vessel was built, or to which she doth or may belong, was not under the dominion of such sovereign at the time of passing the herein before recited a A, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second; anything in the said recited aas, or any other aa, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That all such goods and merchandizes * h imported into Great Britain, in such foreign buik ships, or ens^dutic*the property of foreigners, shall be liable to aliens and all other 1

duties to which they would have been liable if this act had not been made.

CAP. LXXIX.

in act for the encouragement and iifciplihhg bf futb corps or com panics of men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for defence of their towns or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the titmo/l exertions are now reqtdftte for in

trtafing the military force in this kingdom, be it therefore enacted by the king's moult excellent Majesty, by and with thft advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com*nutos, in thte prefertt parliament afleitiwed, and by the authority of the same, That any corps or companies or volunteers. All volunteer who now are or shall hereafter be formed, in any towns or elsewhere in Great Britain, during the continuance of the present vi(jon or war, under officers having commission from his Majesty, or beilion, shall from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be specially march out of authorised by his Majesty for that purpose, and who shall at ttotwiwor anytime, in case of actual invasion or rebellion, march out of counties, shall! their respective towns or counties for the purpose of aaing against be entitled to fcrij rebels or invaders of this kingdom, shall, in that case, be receive pay at entitled to receive pay in such manner and at such rates as the officers and soldiers of his Majesty's regular forces do now receive j and shall, during the time of their so receiving pay as above, be subject to military disciplinfc a the rest bf his Majesty's regular and militia troops.

II. Provided always, That no officer or soldier of any volum* s0, 1*1?* teer corps shall be liable to be tried br punished by any court of volunteert, martial at any time, unless such court martiar be composed en to be compos tirely of officers serving in the volunteer corps, if a fotficient CD of volun number can be obtained to constitute such court-martial. tccr oer

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commissioned ill commissioned officers of the said corps, who shall be disabled aws^iotided by the $nemy in aaual service, shall be entitled to half pay, and to half pay.

4 aluc.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. o [1782.

all non commissioned officers and soldiers so disabled to the benefit of Chelsea hospitau and the widows of commissioned officers killed in the service to a petition for life.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

For the better securing hfs Majesty's docks, ships of war and stores, it ia necessary to enlarge and strengthen the fortifications at or near Portsmouth and Chatham, and in order thereunto to purchase certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, near Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton, containing about five hundred and twenty seven acres, om rood and thirty-three perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, situate in or near Frindsbury, in the coun i ty of Kent, containing about three hundred and iiaty six acres, two roods! and thirty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Gillingham, in the (hid county, containing about one hundred and ninety three acres, one rood and twenty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, situate in the parish of Chatham, in the said county, containing! abopt four acres, one rood and twenty-four perches; being part of the Jands comprised in the act of ogeo. j. c. 49. vested in the right honourable Charles Wolfran Corn wall, Jervoise Clerk Jervoise, Robe rtthifileth wait, they honourable Charles Matham, and Filmer Honywood, esquires, their heir, in trust for the respective owners till the purchase money, with interest at 5l. percent, from the time of taking possession, be paid. Reasonable com pep fation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids.' his Majesty empowered, by letters patent under the great seal, to appoint of to determine claims to the said lands, C and aoy five or more may proceed, upon the oath of witnesses, inspection of deeds, &c. and if the parties require it, by the inquest of twelve men, to inquire into the rights, estares, and interests of any persons, dec. relating to the premises, and to have power to send for persons, deeds. See Judgements and decrees of of to be entered in books, C Copies theitof to be laid before both houses of parliament. Commissioners to issus their warrants to Iheriifs to summon juries; who are to inquire into the value of lands, Sec. penalty on Iberiffs or their officers making default; not more than 101. nor lets than 101, and also on jurors, not more than 10l. for each offence. To be eltreated into the court of exchequer. In case a sufficient jury shall not appear upon return of the warrant, of may adjourn the inquelt, and issue their warrant for summontnz other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may adjourn, See. Commissioners to give 14 days notice previous to their respective meetings. If owners make default in appearing, C the of to determine upon the belt information they can get, which is to be final. On payment of the Turns assessed by the jury, Arc. trustees to be deemed seized of the premises, for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells. Sec. to be free. No private building to be erected upon any lands veiled by this act. Damages assessed to be paid out of the next aids granted by parliament. Buildings erected contrary to this act to be pulhd down. Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this act shall be liable to the usual tithes and taxes. To be paid by the storekeeper of the prdnance. Commissioners not liable to the penalties in the acts of t5car, southeast. s. iw.&m.c. I. 14 W. 3. C 6. nor 1 Geo. ic 13. Comopf loners not disqualified from being members of parliament.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 81. *37

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the better regulation of the office of paymaster general of his Majesty's forces.

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the commissioners appointed to examine, take, and.jlase the public ae aunts of the kingdom, that the paymafteof the fortes have hereto

fsrebeeu attuftomed to accumulate large sums of public money in their hods, beyond what was nectssary for carrying on the services in their department, and to take and tarry out of office with them, upon their rifigsatm or removal, large balances of public money, whith they beve retained and kept in their bands many years after being out foe: and whereas it is highly expedient that a be provided for these inconveniences; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, in all memorials to be by him prerented to the treasury for money for army services, shall pray that such sum as he requires may be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England on his account, specifying, in every such memorial, the sum he requires, and for what particular service or services; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time Hull direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay mailer general of his Majesty's forces, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unlatisficd order at the exchequer in favour of the said paymaster general, for which the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums for which such letters of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to tyre governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore issued to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces j and all such moneys so to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, Hull be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be intituled, The Account of the Poytnqfler General of his Majesty's Foroes; inserting the name of such paymaster general for the time being.

II. And be it enacted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid at the exchequer or treasury for oc by reason of the transadhons aforesaid, beyond the amount of what hath usually been paid upon ioprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the

former

[Preamble.]

Fsea Jan. t.

the exchequer, for Army ftrvicet, Hull be paid into the banl^ and placed to the account of the paymaster general

No feet more than usual shall be paid at the e*che quer, Uq.

1*8

From Jan. t, 1783, no money shall be lifted from the exchequer to thf paymaster general.

Paymaster to draw on the bank for army services.

1-: 'r

f'-

The moneys lilted to the bank not to be paid thereof, onless for army fer 7 ice.

Clause to prevent an unne qrftaryaocu mufotio* ofi publick mo nry in the bank.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.i.

[1782. former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, pay office, and bank fevorally.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of January, one thoycand seven hundred and eighty-three, no money for the service of the army shall be issued from his Majesty exchequer to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or shall be placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or possession, but the same shall be issued and directed to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed to the account abovementioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the paymaster general of his majeay's forces for the time being, by himself or his deputy, or the person or persons in his office duly authorised by the said paymaster general, from and after the ft id first day of January, one thousand seven hon dred and orghty three, shall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of England for all army Services whatever, and shall Specify in each and every draught the particular service for which the same is drawn; and no draught of the said paymaster, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Sufficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of England, unless the same specities the service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the moneys So to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of fan Majesty forces, shall not be paid out of the bank unless for the army Services, and in pursuance of drafts or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England, and Signed by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be specified the heads ef service to which the sums therein mentioned are to be applied and Which drafts So drawn shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay Such money to the perform mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VI. And that the of of his moje/ly's treasury may have a frequent knowledge of the balanee of cashin the hands of the gaver nor Otsd tohrpany of the bank of England, on ateount of the paymajkr general of his Majeshfs fortes, in order to enable them to judge of the propriety and necessity of further issues, and to present the wine ttffdry aecurntulmion of publick money in the hands of the governor and tompasty of the bank England, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of January, one thobfend seven hundred aftd eighty^three, in the first memorial presented evtty month to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, by the paymaster general of his Majestyv forces for the time being, for a frppty of money for that arrfiy fertfcwi

suck

1782.] Anno vicefnpp fecqt>c}o C^ORGH IIJ. p.fiu'

(qch pay mailer shall insert, in the body of fgch memorial, the fjm total of the balance of ppbljck money on his account in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England) to gerher with an account of all the puj^anding drafts drawn upon, but not paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the present, Upon that and of every other paymaster of his Majesty's forces hereafter to death or te be appointed, the balance pi calli for which he (hal at that time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with the gobe balance vernorand company of the bank of England, shall, as fpon as calli be shall a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually veil in have credit such successor, in trust for the service of the army, and be forth dor in his ac with transferred, carried oyer, and plaped to the account of such tramferrcci to successpr paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, and shall and the account may be applied, by fuph succeeding paymaster, to pay and dif of his succes charge all charges and demands upon his prcdeceflor, on ac for count of the army services, which shall at that tipae remain and be uncatisfied, and shall and may be paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England, in pursuance of the like drafts or cheque paper of such succeeding paymaster, in manner above mentioned, and not other^ife.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from apd after the said first day of January, one thousand Paypaflfer I

seven hundred and eighty-three, the paymaster general of his keep an c

Majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the account with,

the bank of all moneys issued to or directed tp he paid to him 1

for the service of the army: and the said paymaster general, ob

(wing the rules and regulations hereby preferred, shall not be answerable for any money which Ue shall not a&uapy receive;

and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moneys which shall be actually received by them for the service of the army.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or ersons shall, from and after the fid first Any perfom day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure oath to be forged or counterfeited, pr knowingly and wilfully aeft or paymaster, to affill in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand of the pay obtain money mailer general of his Majesty's forces for the time beiiyg, or of from the his deputy, to any draught, cheque paper, instrumpot, of writing whatsoever, for pr in, order to the receiving or obtainir^oy of a cj00# the money in the hands or custody of the govqrpoc and company of the bank of England, on account of there paymaster general of his Majesty's forces; or tyall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coimtqrfefted/or knpwingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any draught, cheque paper, instrument, or writing in form of a draught, made by such paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or his deputy.

by

Books of account in the pavmaster's office shall be

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 81. [1782.

tjr; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any person whatsoever; every such person and persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it enacted, That all books of accounts whatsoever, kept in the office of paymaster general, shall be held to belong

vim wwi oc to lkc CC and not be* disposal of the pay bddtobeiortg master general to take and dispose of the same as his private and id tbs same, proper books of account: provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors or administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any person or persons authorised by him or them, from taking copies or extracts thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, and administrators.

XI. And whereas it appears from the reports of the of far examining, taking, and Jiating the public accounts of tbi kingdom, that the salaries, sees, and emoluments, received by several of the officers and clerks employed in the office of paymaster general of his Atajejhfs forces, have, of late years, amounted to sums beyond a rea finable and adequate compensation for their respective services; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of oils ber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all fees, hitherto payable at the office of the said paymaster general, shall be deposited in the hands' of the cahier of the said office, or others authorised by the paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable augmentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers and clerks shall be made, if it shall be found expedient 5 as also such further compensation as the increase of business in the office, from time to time, shall requirej and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice treafuer of Chelsea Hospital, towards a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty's land service; or as an augmentation to the pensions of widows; or as pensions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall dire and appoint.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said augmentation to the salaries and appointments of officers and clerks in the pay office shall (but not more frequently than once in each year) be regulated by the said paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his Majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwise.

XIII. And whereas a confederate annual sum of money is or may he saved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and init pendent companies, a large part of which saving is or may be rendered

All lees pay Meat the

aymaster's office to be carried to a land.

Application of that fund.

Augmentation of fata ries not to be more than once a year.

Savings in the

ckahuig of ia pw'm&tt'tt i

be it hereby enabled, 

That all Aims laved from the scud

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. Bu4*

bid allowance, or brought in account in consequence of any cop

sayings to be made in the administration of the said hospital, applied!

shall be applied to the fund abovctnentioned; provided that no" "

to half-pay in consequence of maims or wounds, or

pen6ons to widows whose husbands have or shall have been

killed in his Majesty's service, shall exceed twenty-five pounds

a year; nor shaft the allowance to a single child of an officer

lulled exceed twenty pounds a year, nor be continued longer

(if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be

provided for in his Majesty's service; or if more children are

left, the share of each child shall not exceed twelve pounds

a year, to be continued to the males as aforesaid, and no

otherwise.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a d contained shall be construed to de

to deprive the paymaster general of the usual allowance for the

clerks and contingencies, or such as his Majesty shall hereafter ufuti au0w be pleased, from time to time, to direct and appoint, and to ance for administer and apply the same according to the usual course of clerks, Sec. office.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That copies of the amount of Copies of such the said allowance be deposited in the bank of England, the pay allowance to office, and the treasury, together with a list of all the officers,

clerks, and servants, to the office of the said paymaster general^an*belonging.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand Officers tak seven hundred and eighty-three, no fee, perquisite, Emolument, fs or reward whatsoever (other than and except the salaries and their allowances herein before mentioned) shall be taken, in the said office, for any business, matter, or thing to be done therein; and that if any person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the said office, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, presume to take or accept any fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward,

(other than and except as aforesaid) every such person shall forfeit his office or employment.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Not to take extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, diminish, or tw*y th alter the power of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces ^yrartiftcrof to appoint, remove, or change at his pleasure, all or any of the removing of officers and clerks employed in his said office, or with the con ficert employ lent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, or din is of any three of them, signified in writing, to increase the number fief

of such clerks, in case the circumstances of the business of the said office (hold render such an increase necessary; which said additional officers and clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become entitled to the like salaries as are herein be fore dtreded to be paid to the officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulations, provisions, pains, and penalties, to which

the

14*

After Jan. r, 1783, the secretary at war to return into the pay matter office, monthly, an account off the efttctive officers and men, regulars and militia, serving in Great Britain.

From January J V debentures to be made out for pay of the forces according to the number born on the muster rolls.

Agents to bring to the paymaster's office an account of the mutters, See,

on forfeiture of iqol

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8t. [iffa

the officers and clerics now exiting in the said office are fnadt liable by this act.

XVIII. And, for the better prevention of the ifshing from the exchequer of any more moneys than the services of the army do afluavy require, be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of ja nuary, one {thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at war shall, on or before the fifteenth day of every month, return into the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's land fbrces an account of the effective commissioned and non commissioned officers and private men of his Majesty's regular forces and militia serving in Great Britain, according to the hft returns from the adjutant general into the office of the said secretary at war, distinguishing each corps severally; and the said secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form, or cause to be formed monthly, an estimate of the moneys which may be necessary for the recruiting of the said regiments, troops, and companies severally, and to transmit the same, together with the said account of effective officers and private, to thfc offices of the secretary at war, and of the paymaster general of the land forces.

XIX. And whereas it hat been the usual practice^ for many years last pajf, for his Majesty's warrants to be sent to the paymaster gent ral ofbis forces, directing hint to make out debentures complete for the full pay of the several regiments, troops, and companies, according to their respective establishments, instead of the former method offending warrants to him to make out debentures for the pay of the several.regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers born on their respective mujler rolls, which latter method appears to be better suited to exafl account, and to the prevention oj increase of balances anywhere; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred' and eighty-three, debentures shall be made out for the pay of the several regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers born on their muster rolls, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it enacted, That the army or regimental agents

shall, and they are hereby required to bring to the office of the said paymaster general, within ten days after every muster, an account of the muster of their regiments severally, and of the money actually paid for subsistence and for recruiting, d.ftin guishing each service, together with an account of the balances remaining in their hands severally at the time of each muster' '

And be it enacted, That for every failure in any of the before mentioned particulars, the said army agent or agents shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any per sort or persons who shall sue for the same.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82.

14 i

CAP. LXXXII.

fa aq for enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrtar for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating Or tain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the' civil list.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, from his paternal regard to the

welfare of his faithful people, from his desire to discharge the debt on his civil list, without any new burden to the publicity for preventing the growth of a like debt for the future, as well as for introducing a better order and economy in thf civil list establishments end for the better ftcurity of the liberty and independency of parliament9 has been pleased to order that the office commonly called or hewn by the name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment commonly known bp the name and description of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of lords of police in Scotland; the principal officers if the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the treasurer of the chamber; tk cofferer of the houshold\ the offices of the six clerks of the board of green doth; the office of paymaster of the penftons 5 the office of master of the barriers and fox hounds; and also the office of master of the flog bounds Should be suppressed; wherefore, for carrying his ma ieftyv said gracious order into execution, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From thepajt from and after the passing of this act, the office commonly call"5 of this ed or known by the name of Third Secretary of State or Secre office, herein tory of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment com spetified, shall raonly called The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of be lupprtfled. the lords and gentlemen of police in Scotland; the principal officers of the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the trea* hirer of the chamber; the cofferer of the household; offices' of the six clerks of the board of green cloth; the office of pay tnafter of the pensions; the offices of the master of the harriers, the mailer of the fox hounds, and the master of the flag hounds; and all and every of the offices aforesaid, together with certain of the offices dependent on or connected with the same, of which a list shall be entered in the exchequer, by certificate from the lords of of the treasury, on or before the tenth day of October9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty twos (which lift the said lords of are hereby diretfted 1 to cause to be entered as aforesaid), (halbe, and are hereby:

Wtrly iuppressed* abolished, and taken away.

*44

Any firoilar office hereafter establish CD shall be deemed a new office.

Commi (Turners of the treasury to pay all money due on the civil list on or before July SO) 17s*.

dhtftiom for carrying into execution an (economical plan, pursuant to his Majesty's gracious intentions.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any office of the same name, nature, description, or purpose of those hereby abolished, shall bcefta blished hereafter, the same is and shall be deemed and taken as a new office, to all constructions, intents, and purposes whatsoever.

III And) for the necessary payment of persons hitherto paid in any of the offices by this act Juppressed % and the execution of the duty done or performed by the Jame\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to i(tue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, all such sum or sums of money as are or shall be due and owing to any person or persons, on account of his Majesty's civil government, on or before the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in the same manner, and by the persons who have last held the offices by or under which the same have been usually issued and paid, or by such persons as the of of the treasury shall appoint and direct to pay the same.

IV. And whereas anew and (economical plan is intended to it adopted and take placey pursuant to his Majestjs gracious intentions, be it therefore enacted, That the of of the treasury shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct such person or persons as they shall think most fit and capable, to prepare, make up, and lay before them, for their approbation, methods accommodated to the several reforms and alterations in this act made, and to appoint or continue in office such officers as they shall judge most fit and proper for carrying such plans into execution, under the direction of the lora steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and any other principal officer, to whom the said officers shall severally be subordinate; and the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, shall regularly, within the space of fifteen days after each and every quarter day, make out, or cause to be made out, an estimate of all the several articles of expense of his Majesty's civil government, within their distirtft departments; which shall, after being inspected, and approved by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, be presented to the said of of the treasury; and which estimate of expense shall not be exceeded (except as is herein after excepted and specially provided for) above five thousand pounds, in any of those departments in any one year, without sufficient reasons, to be produced to the said of of the treasury, for increasing the same; and upon the expiration of the quarter, the said of of the treasury shall direct so much of the moneys of the civil list revenues to be issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal officer, or to any person or persons appointed for that purpose by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal officer,

*43

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

ter, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the whold of the expense incurred in such quarter, which shall be by hint distributed to and among the several persons who shall be inti tied to receive the same.

V. And be it enacted and declared, That the abolitiofi of thp The court of office of the clerks of the green cloth shall not extend, or be virlc construed to extend, to take away, or in any respect to dero f^fdiaion gate from the jurisdiction which may now be lawfully exercisecl and powers by the court commonly called The Court of Virge^ or The Green preserved. Cloth, but that the same may be held and exercised; It is

hereby enacted, That the same shall be held and exercised, with all the accustomed lawful jurisdiction, powers, and privileges belonging to the same, without any of the clerks of the green cloth, whqfe office is by this act taken away; any Statute, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all His Majestyv his Majesty's buildings which have been hitherto under the ma Gildings to riagement of the board of works, shall be under the direction

of same one person, who shall be constitured and appointed by a furvevqr or his Majesty, during his royal pleasure, surveyor or comptroller corpptrolur of his Majesty's works, (the said surveyor or comptroller being to be appoint hnafie by profession ah architect or builder), with such officer and clerks under him as his Majesty shall from time to timp direct and appoint.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the royal gardens shall be The royal

under the direction of a person who shall be appointed by hi gardens to be Majesty, during his Majesty's pleasure, surveyor or comptroller a

of the king's gardens, with such gardeners and others under surveyor or him, as his Majesty shall authorise and appoint, (the said fur comptroller, vc or of gardens, in like manner, being by proteflion agar to be appoint dener, or improver of grounds): and the said surveyors f comptrollers of his Majesty's works or gardens, or either of

them, during the holding of the said offices, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, incapable of being elected into, or of sitting and voting in parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Direction

the following rule and method shall hereafter be observed, with of

regard to all works which might heretofore have been done by new building the board of works, for his Majesty's service; (that is to fayj, or repairs that if his Majesty shall order any new building, work, or repair, the expense of which shall exceed the sum of one thousanjl

pounds, the plan (if in such works a plan shall be usual) and an caimate of the expense of the same, shall be laid beforp the lord chamberlain; and if the said estimate shall appear reasonable, reference being had to the works ordered as aforesaid by his Majesty, the same shall be by nim certified to vhe of of the treasury; and if the said commissioners approve of the said estimate, they may and shall (if his Majesty, by warrant under his Majesty's royal sign manual, shall so direct) authorise the said surveyor or architect to execute the same; vol.xxxiv. L and

14. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

and if the estimate of the said work shall be likely to exceed the sum of five thousand pounds in the whole, the said commissioners of the treasury may and shall direct the said surveyor to contract for the execution of the said work; and, so often as it shall appear expedient to the said surveyor or comptroller of s buildings, or that he shall receive orders from the lord chamberlain

for that purpose, he may and shall report upon and con troul the execution of the said work in all its parts, and at all times during the progress thereof: provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said surveyor, architect, or builder, to make any contract as aforesaid conclusively, until the same shall be approved by the of of the treasury, nor to make any addition to the expense exceeding one thousand pounds above the plan or edimate, until the same shall be approved by the said of of the treasury.

IX. And be it enacted, That if, on complaint made to the of of the treasury, or if otherwise they shall see cause, it shall and may be lawful, before any payment upon fw^ny^dich1 account any works as aforesaid be made, for the commission worksf may ers of the treasury to order the said work to be surveyed by 1 order the same builder of credit not concerned in any of the public works; to be survey who shall be called in, and allowed one pound per day for his trouble, and shall certify to the said of of the treasury, upon oath, (which oath the said of are hereby authorised and required to administer), that the work hath been executed, as far as the same hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable manner, and with good and durable materials: and in case the said of of the treasury shall not be satisfied with the expense or goodness of the works, they shall, and are hereby authorised to make such delay or abatement as, on such their inquiry, shall appear just and expedient; anything in this act contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where ex X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in

commissioners of the treasury, bead,

pences shall be ph works, the expense whereof shall be under one thousand pound, the said surveyor shall, previous to his receiving any payment, produce vouchers of his expenses actually made, together with the grounds and reasons for his having incurred the said expenses, to the said lord chamberlain, who (if he shall approve the same) shall certify the whole of the charge to the treasury from time to time for payment.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said lord chamberlain shall. keep an account of all clerks and workmen constantly or ordi

plid^monsily! nar*ty employed in the royal palaces, and shall, once in every*y month, certify to the treasury their numbers and wages, in order

that a monthly payment may be made to them.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no new works in his Majesty's parks or gardens, the expense of which may exceed in the whole five hundred pounds above the ordinary charge, (an account of which ordinary charge is hereby directed to be laid quarterly before the of of the

treasury)i

under t.ooool vouchers to be produced to the lord chamberlain.

Clerks, See. in the royal

No new works in his Majesty's parks, Sec. above a limited sum, to be urder

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. fc. 8l.

treafory), shall be undertaken or performed without an order taken without

under his Majesty's sign manual, and without an eftrmate ap <i^aicftr0m

proved and ordered to be executed by the said of of m y

the treasury, who shall issue, or cause to be issued, the money

for the execution of the same, as well as for the said ordinary

charge; which is hereby directed to be paid onde a month to

the surveyor of his Majesty's gardens.

XIII. And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Puraityre, That the furniture, pictures, plate, and all other rhoveable* plate, C to whatsoever, formerly under the care and management of the^"fement office of great wardrobe, or other wardrobe or jewel office, or Of the lord any of them, shall be hereafter committed to the care and ma charfifcrlainj naeement of the lord chamberlain.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted and provided, That when Work forever his Majesty shall be pleased to order, for the use of any of mcrlx u"<!cr his Majesty's palaces, or for any other house, any of such fur ^cr^r^la niture or goods as were formerly under the direction of the wardrobe, office of great wardrobe, or any such other work to be done as > how to be ex forroerly was done by or under the direction of the said ward ecuted.

robe, the same shall be done and executed (so far as regards the previous estimate and subsequent control and account) in the manner by this act directed for works undertaken by the fur teyor of the buildings.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the The business duty and business done, or which might legally be done, by the heretofore late of of trade and plantations, and all authorities, ^C powers, and jurisdictions, given to the said of, by trade, to be any act or acts of parliament, may and shall be held and exer executed by a cifed under the former directions and trusts by any committee committee of or committees of his Majesty's privy council, which his Majesty shall be pleased to direct and appoint, during his royal pleasure, without any salary, see, or penflon, to the members thereof, for holding and exercising the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Public mo.

That all (urns of public money, that now are in the disposition ner und*r or under the management of the lords of trade and police in ^" fcglord northwest, be, and the same are hereby directed to be under the of trade and management and in the disposal of the convention of royal police in scot burghs in Scotland, with the same powers, and under the same lan^ to be limitations and trusts, by which the same now are or may be management disposed and managed. of the con

XVII And) for the better regulation of the granting of penfiom, vention

onitbe prevention of abuse or excefi therein, be it enacted, Thar, royal burghs, from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun Regulations dred and eighty-three, no pension exceeding the sum of three relative to buodred pounds a year, shall be granted to or for the use of

anyone person; and that the whole amount of the pendant pfn n*granted in any one year, shall not exceed six hundred pounds;

a list of which, together with the names of the persons to whom the dune are granted, shall be laid before parliament in twenty bp after tbchdgioaidgof each session, until the whole pension

La list

I Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

list shall be reduced to ninety thousand pounds; which sum it shall not be lawful to exceed by more than five thousand pounds in the whole of all the grants: nor shall any pension, to be granted after the said reduction, to or for the use of any one person, exceed the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds yearly, except to his Majesty's royal family, or on an addressed of either house of parliament.

XVIII. And whereas it bath been usual that persons who havefervti the crown in foreign courts have, after the expiration of their ftrvicty at his Majesty's fleafiere, received such proportion of their former appointments as to his Majesty bate feemei expedient; be it enacted, Nat to extend That nothing in this act contained relative to pensions, shall be topersonwho construed to extend to such allowance, either in present or in the crown future; provided the said persons do not severally enjoy same

in foreign place or other profit from the crown, to the amount of the pest

coiirtt. fion usually allowed in such cases; provided that the list of tyre said pensions shall be laid, in the manner before mentioned, before parliament.

XIX. And whereas much confufim and expense did arise firm having pensions paid at various places y and by various persons; and a custom hath prevailed of granting pensions on a private liftduring his Majesty's pleasure, upon a supposition that in some cases it may not it expedient for the public good to divulge the names of the perfims in the find hft % or that it may be disagreeable to the persons recdvini fitch payments to have it known that their difirejjes are so relieved, or for Javing the expense of fees and taxes on f mall pensions; by mem of which said usage. secret and dangerous corruption may hereafter bt praflized: and whereas it is no disparagement for any persons to bt relieved by the royal bounty in their dislrefs, or for their desert, sot, on the contrary, it is honourable, on just cause, to be thought worthy of reward: be it therefore cruded by the authority aforesaid. All pensions That no pension whatsoever, on the civil establishment, shall Kft tetbe^id ^erea^ter pad ut at the exchequer, and in the same manner at the exche as l ^c pensions which are now paid and entered at the exchequer. quer, under the head, title, and description of Pensions, and

with the name of the person to whom, or in trust for whom, the said pension is granted; and that those which are transferred thither by this act shall be subject to no taxes or fees whatsoever, except the taxes and sees to which before this act they were subject; any Statute, law, ar usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: nor shall any pension hereafter to be granted be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on pensions to the paymaster of the pensions. Pfovifar XX Provided, That nothing herein contained shall restrain,

or be construed to restrain, the high treasurer, or first commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, by his Majesty's consent, from taking away, or causing to be taken away, from the private list or lists of pensions, the names and pensions of any person or persons which at present are entered on the said pri ttsfi. tr- vate list or lists, or any of them.

ftirer, &c.msy

XXI. Provided alib. That it shall and may be tawfel for the

return into the exchequer any pension, without the name of the pensioner, on taking the following oath

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82.

high tfeafarer, or first comnaifboner of the treasury for the time biting, to return into the exchequer wy pension or annuity, without the name of the person to whom the same is payable, on takipg an oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one baron of the exchequer, or before the cursitor baron, in the form following:

I A.B. do swear, Thaty according to the best of my knowledge, be lies and information, the pension or pensionr, or annuity or an wt 'w returnod without a name by me into the exchequer, is or an sat, direcily or indirectly, for the benefit, vfe, or behoof of any member of the house of commons, nr, so far as 1 am concerned, applicable, iireflly or indirectly, to the purpose of supporting or procuring an interest in any plan rotuming members to parliament.

So help mo GOD.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That on taking the said which pen oath, the pension or pensions, annuity or annuities aforesaid, lion, Ike. 4m shall be paid at the exchequer to the order of the high treasurer, to hit

or first commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, and or er bit receipt shall be accepted and taken as an acquittance for the same.

XXIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any Oath to be such secret pension shall continue in the said list for more than take "wb*tt five years, the high treasurer, or first commissioner of the trea ^nsion'shall fury, or one of the secretaries, or one of the chief clerks of the continue in treasury, for the time being, shall make oath, before such pen the list mere fion shall be paid at the exchequer, that he does believe that the thatt vc person for whose ufc the said pension or annuity hath been yean' granted is living.

XXIV. Andy for preventing as much as may be all abuses in the iijposal of moneys issued under the head of secret service money, or mo nej for spedal service 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to issue or impressed from the cxche Payment of qoer, or order to be paid by a treasury warrant, or under sign secret service qsanual, or otherwise, to any secretary or secretaries of the trea fary, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, from the 11 '

civil Jift revenues, for the purpose of secret service within this kingdom, any sum or sums of money which in the whole shall exceed the sum of ten thousand pounds in any one year.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cianfe relative when it shall be deemed expedient by the commissioners of his to foreign mqe&y's treasury, or the high treasurer, for the time being, to feeret service issue, or in aay manner to direct the payment of any sum or mon, y' foot of money from the civil list revenues, for foreign secret service, the Came (hsh be issued and paid to one of his Majesty's principal fectetaries of state, or to the first commissioner of the admiralty; and the said secretary or secretaries of state, or first com<daner of the admiralty, shall, for his discharge at the exchequer, within three years from the issuing the said money, r

3 < Produc

f Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1789.

produce the receipt of his Majesty's tninifter, commissioner, or consul, in foreign parts, or of any commander in chief or other commander of his Majesty's navy or land forces, to whom the said money shall have been sent or given, that the same hath been received for the purpose for which the same Irtth been issued; which said receipt shall, and is hereby directed to be filed in the exchequer, in order to charge the said tninifter, commissioner, consul, or commander of his Majesty's land or sea forces, with the same; and the said receipt, on proof of the hand writing, shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge the said secretary or secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, in their said account at the exchequer.

Foreign mini

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any foreign tninifter, confers, C to full, or commander of his Majesty's land or sea forces, who (hast account for charged at the exchequer for or by reason of any secret

wuhin adyear fcrv>cc money by him received, shall stand discharged and scaster their quitted thereof, if, within one year after his arrival in Great arrival in Britain, he shall either return the said money into the cache create Britain, quer or make oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, in the form following;

I A.B. da wear, That I have disburstd the money, intmftei /# me for foreign secret service, faithfully, according to the intent and purpose1 for whub it was given, according to my befi judgement far bit Majesty's service.

So help m GOD.

3CXVII. Provided always, That whenever it shall be necessary for the principal secretary or secretaries of state, or first men't'of any" commisl^oi^r of the admiralty, to make payment of any money secret service issued for foreign secret service, or for secret service in detecting, money, shall preventing, pr defeating, treasonable or other dangerous con c n as piracies a gain ft jthfc state in any place within this kingdom, then

fel Veieofi n b.c. ^uc*cnt 10 ad discharge the said secretary or'-secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, for fcch Secretary

or secretaries, or the undersecretary of state in the office to which such secret service money hath been paid, or for the first commissioner of the admiralty, or the secretary of the admiralty, to make oath, before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, or before the curfltor baron, in the form following:

The oath. T A.B. do [wear, That the money paid to mo for foreign secret fee X vice, or for secret service in detecting, preventing, or defectsqf, treasonable, or other dangerous conspiracies against the state, mu tatis mutandis, as the case may be], has been bona fide opplied to the said purpose or purposes, and to ho other $ and that it both not appeared to me convenient to the ftqte that the same shouldie pojti abroad.

So help me GOD.

XVIII.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.ffa. 451

XXVIII. And, to avoid all confusion in accounts nlativo to the No dated Cum jeidfecret service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certain dated sums of money now paid to his Majesty's prin faikcm* cipal secreta ries of date, under the name of secret service money, nejr. but which are commonly reputed and employed as part of the Salary of the said office, be no longer entered or paid under that description or for that account; but the same, for so long as his Majesty shall please to continue the whole or any part thereof

shall be given under the name of salary, see, or allowance: and that hereafter no certain or dated sum be given or allowed for the said secret service out of his Majesty's civil lid revenues but, when any moneys for secret service shall be deemed necessary by the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, the same shall be issued, by their direction, to the officer or officers aforesaid, as the occassion shall require, according as is herein before directed and provided.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any sum or sums Sum of money shall be issued for the purpose of any special service,

or shall be given without provision of annual or other dated to be entered

payment, but in a gross sum or sums, as to any Secretary or fein a.book*

cretarics of the treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for the

use of any person or persons for special service, or as of royal

bounty, the said sum or sums of money, together with the special

service or Services, or as royal bounty, to which the same

is or are applied, as also the name of the person or persons to

whom the said money for service or of bounty as aforesaid it

paid, shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose in

the treasury, in order to be produced to either house of parlia*

mem, if required.

XXX. Andy for the better prevention of all practice by which such Irents os of bounty may be made a colour under which pensions may be substantiafly granted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

oqy it is hereby enacted, That any sum or sums of money so Grants of given as of royal bounty, to any person more than once in three toba* years, the lame is and shall be reputed a pennon or pensions to m^cd pea, all intents and purposes whatsoever. sans,

XXXI. And whereas the establishment of an invariable order in the payment of salaries and other charges on the civil list, will enable tbgji who have the charge thereof the better to provide for the several services to which the said civil list revenues ought to be applied, and will be the means to prevent the incurring of debt for the future, and the following order seems just and equitable for that purpose; that is U say, first, the pensions and allowances of th royal family; second h, the payment of the salaries of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, lord beeper or lords of of the great foal, the speaker of the house of commons, and judges of the courts of King's bench and common pleas, and barons of the exchequer, the chief juflica ^chester, and the justices of the courts of great session in the principality Wales; thirdly, the salaries of the ministers to foreign courts, being resident at the said courts; fourthly, the approved bills tf oil tradefmon, artificers, and labourers, for any articles supplied,

l4 or

m

The payments of the civil list revenues to be divided into regular clajlcs.

Ko pension, C to be paid put of course.

ti.

f arrear! fb)r wo year to le extjnguipi

Feet ptyibje to be disposed of by the commissionera of the treaty

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. o. Si. f 178*.

jr xviri done yfor his Mcjefifs service;The mtkial fervent in his Majesty's household sixth1y9 The pension fifty beginning with the smallest ptnsuns; event hly9 The falflries of all aether plates pay foie out of the civil list revenues, beginning with the leweji j'eighthly\ The diaries and pensons of the high treasurer or (ommijjiomrs of the treasury, and chancellor of the exchequer I be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury shall, on or beforp the fifth day of April one thou find fevfcft hundred and eighty-three, draw out a plan of the'establishments and payments of the said civil list revenues in classes, according jo the order herein mentioned, arranging by estimate the expenct cf each class, and of each individual office in each dass; and that such plan shall be signed by the said commissioners^ and deposed with the clerk of the house of commons on or before the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred send "eighty-three; and that, from and after the said fifth day of April, all sums of money which shall become due and payable put of the said civil list revenues, for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be p?id in the order apd according to the plan herein mentioned.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the of of the treasury to direct the paymeot, of any salary or pension whatsoever, to be made under sign manual or otherwise, until the bills, salaries, and pensions of au those who are intituled, according to the foregoing prder, are first discharged, or cash set apart in the exchequer sufficient 10 answer the whole demand in the preceding classes: provided that pothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the of of the treasury from ordering all occasional payments, for which warrants ate yfoally granted at (the treasury, and which are not comprehended in the defies and descriptions aforesaid, to be made according to their discretion and as the circumftapces of the cafp may ip elycir judgement require.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, if any salary, see, or pension, or 4py part thereof, shall remain in arrear at the usual time of payment, at the end of a period of two years, from want of calli belonging to the civil Ijft revenue ro pay and discharge the same, the said arrear of salary, see, or pension, shall not be carried as 0 debt to the account of the year following, but shall be wholly Japfed and extinguiftipd, as if the same had not been payable And whbftas it is intended that'all savings from/ale sits find fees of the offices by this 08 suppreffedy jbauld be applied rtf fid of the civil l\fl expences9 which are necessary, and which, by ibe appropriation hereafter tnpde, art in fbme nwfitre finritfnedy be it enacted, That a!) see hitherto payable, and by this not excepted, on any payments within the cifd list revenue) do dill Continue to be paid, and remain for that dtjjpofel of the eopuntf? jflphqr# of the treafpry.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. i jj

XXXV. And be it erta&td, That the commifikmsrs of though Book to be treasury shall cause a regular book or books to be kept, for the Vpt for* charges of each of the dafies and articles aforesaid, distifcdtly esch^afie and apart; and it is hereby directed, that the result of payment in the said several books contained shall, in an orderly manner, and according to the usual method in which fair accounts are Upt be entered in a separate book at the cod of each yeer, and the same being opposed to the receipt of the civil list cadi, a balance shall be struck upon the whole.

XXXVI. And whereas, upon abolishing tbi ftvcral offices fnp* prtfiei by this act, fitndry ptrftns, who may have held their offices by patent jor kfe, or may hove legally, or according to the course bf of ftt, purchased the same for a valuable cenfideratisn, and may suffer bordship by the suppression thereof: and whereas others, though not within the same defer ipt ion, who have diligently and faithfully extent tilbeir several subotdinate office for his Majesty's service, and by jack suppression will be reduced to dtfirefsful or indigent cirtwnflances % be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of Provision to of the treasury may, and they are hereby knpowered, to allow be made for to every person severally who holds his office by patent for life jrl patent"*or who has purchased his place in the manner before mention n\fmr C ed, an annuity equal to the legal emoluments of his said office; and also to allow to other persons in the subordinate offices aforesaid, upon examination into the circutnstances and behaviour of the said persons, such annuities fevtrally as the com imibooers of the treasury shall think equitable and just, for thd support and maintenance of such person or persons, until he or they shall be provided for in his Majesty* service, according to his or their abilities and merit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore

kid, That whatever is directed by this act to be done or trans Powers grant.

add by the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, may be, by this a

and the same is hereby required and directed to be done and

transacted by the high treasurer for the time being, or by ftach tj, e treasury,

of of the treasury for the time being, or any three shall be veiled

or more of them; and all powers and authorities whatsoever, in the high

by this act granted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's tret

fury, are hereby also declared to be vested in the high treasurer ingt lmc

for the time being, and in such of of the treasury

for the time being, or any three or more of them.

XXXVIII. And whereas there was due and owing on the fifth Recital of the lay of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, at the re civil lilt debt nipped of the exchequer, for the expenoeef his Majlfifs civil govern on apnl 5 mt, the sum of two hundred ninety five thousand eight hundred and17 fiuntten pounds, eighteen Billings, and fourpence farthing: uni

totems it is expedient, and may facilitate the introduction of pro per economy in the future management of the dvh Hfi revenues, that the said sum of two hundred ninety five thousand eight hundred ami [tomtom pounds, eighteen billings, and fourpence far thing, shouki be paid and dsfehqrged with ail possible peed, ohd thdt tboincmafe of

prevented for the future;

Exchequer bills to be made out for payment thereof.

154 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

future: and whereas it bath been refohedy That a sum net exceeding three hundred thousand pounds be raised forhaying off and discharging the debts due and owing upon the civil list on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: now, to the end that no want or failure 'may happen or be made in such grant, and the application of the same, and for the better supplying the said Aim of three hundred thousand pounds in the most effectual manner for the purposes aforesaid; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and fdr the commissioners of the treasury, by their warrant or warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared and made at the exchequer any number of exchequer bills, in the same manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules or directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two)t are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of the said act, and to be made forth for such sum or sums of money as they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal moneys to be contained in the said bills, to be made by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore act th pro said. That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privi ht^cto^cx 6* ksp5* vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, con ebequer bills Gained in the said act, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to hit in the land # Mytfty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, or the struict ntxaft of this of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two), relating to* in the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same aft, (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same aft, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all. intents and purposes, as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and rerenacted in the body of this present act; and the^of of the treasury are hereby authorised and ira' powered to cause the said exchequer bills, to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much cabin the chests of the respective tellers of the receipt of the exchequer, and to direct the said tellers to issue money for the purposes of this act in lieu thereof.

The said bills'XL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all to be charged the exchequer bills which shall be made in pursuance of this act, on the rare and all the charges and expenses incident to or attending the gate fund. lame, in any manner whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary revenues wd any other the duties and revenues which do or (lull

compose

Jeffipn* extended to those made in pursuance of this act.

*55

1782.i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

compose the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such luoi and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, except the payments directed thereout by the acts of the first and (even teenrh years of his present Majesty's reign), but with preference to all other payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said fund.

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there sa, cool. to be Stall be regularly set apart and applied, at the receipt of the ex applied, qoar chequer, out of the said duties and revenues composing the said fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, the sum of twelve fund, towards thousand five hundred pounds on each and every quarterly day paying offths of payment in the year; (that is to say). The sum of twelve laid bill thousand five hundred pounds on the tenth day of October j twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of Jams try, twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of April; and twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of July; (the first quarterly payment to be applied and made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging the said exchequer bills, until the whole sum of three hundred thousand pounds, to be raised in manner aforesaid, with the charges attending the same, shall be completely paid off, cancelled, and discharged: and the said sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds, so to be set apart, issued, and paid each quarter for the purposes aforesaid, mall be deemed, taken, and understood to be in diminution of the respective annuities of eight hundred thousand pounds, and of one hundred thousand pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said duties and revenues, by the said acts of the first and Seventeenth years of his present Majesty! reign, for the Support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great bri toiu; but in case of the demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve 1) before the whole of the said exchequer bills, amounting to three hundred thousand pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then Such of the said bills as shall remain uncancelled shall, from the quarter day next preceding such demise, be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out oft the hereditary revenues of the crown.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many laws now in being for the

relief and emloyment of the poor, and the great sums of money wfii for theft purposes, their fufftrings and distresses are neverthehft very grievous; and, by the incapacity, negligence, or mifeondutt of oyer

Iters, the money raised for the relief of the poor is frequently mfap^ find, and sometimes expended in defraying the (barges of

i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

about Jet figments indifcrtetly and unadvisedly carried on: and whereas Recital of by a clause in an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King 9 Geo. 1. c. 7. George the First* entitled Att act for the amendment of the Jaws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, power is given to the churchwardens and overseers in the man tier therein mentioned to purchase or hire houses and contrast with any person for the lodging keeping maintaining and employing the poor and taking the benefit of their work labour and service* for their, maintenance $ W, where anyparish, tow, r toumship* w ward:

tffl/7/ uv more for those purposes tw7/b consent of the major part of the parishioners or inhabitants approbation

I of a justice of peace; provisions* from the want of proper regu

j and management in the poor houses or workhouses that have been

purchased or hired under the authority of the said act, and for want cf due inspection and tontroul over the persons who have engaged in those contrails have not had the desired effect but the poor in many places instead of finding protection and relief have been much of pressed thereby: for remedy of these grievances and inconveni*cnees, and in order to make better and more effectual provision for the relief and employment of the poor, and to introduce a prudent economy in the expenditure of the parish money; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com; moas> in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of march, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousano fovea hundred and eighty-three, so much of the said clause as re jfpedts the maintaining or hiring out the labour of the poor by contract, within any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, shall he, and is hereby repealed, and every contract or agreement made in pursuance thereof, for either of those purposes, shall become, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Visitor and Guardian, or Visitors and Guardians, appointed as hereafter mentioned, of any Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, and Places, which shall have adopted the Provisions, and complied with the Requisites of this Act, and shall have a Visitor appointed, from Time to Time to make Agreements with any person or persons for the Diet or Clothing of such poor Persons who shall be sent to the House or Houses to be provided under the Authority of this Act, and for the Work and Labour of such poor Persons, so that no such Agreement shall be made for any longer Time than twelve Months, and so that the same shall be, and every such Agreement is hereby declared to be, under the strictest Inspection and Control of the Visitor, Guardian, and Governor of such Poor House, and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Poor House shall be; two of which Justices, upon Proof of any Abuse, shall have Power to dissolve such Contract.

Part thereof repealed.

Victors and guardians may make agreements for the diet

sent to the poor houses.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 15/

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever two third parts. Conditions on in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any pa to tj*rish, township, or place, qualified as hereafter mentioned, shall, benefits of at any time after the passing this act, at a public meeting to be this act. held pursuant to the directions of this act, signify their approbation of the provisions herein contained, and their desire to adopt them, in the form contained in the schedule hereunto an 1

nexed, No. I, and shall at such meeting noipinate and recommend to the confederation of the strftices of the peace of the county, riding, division, distfid, city, town, or place, where sich meeting shall be held, three able and discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, township, or place, and three other fit and proper persons qualified to be go' '

of the poor house for such parish, towqship, or place, and fix the salaries to be paid to such guardian and governor respectively, and shall procure the consent and approbation of two justkres of the peace acting for that limit, to such agreement and salaries, by writing under their hands, in the forms contained in the schedule, No. II and shall cause such agreement to be registered pursuant to the direction of this act; every J

such parish, township, or place, shall from that time be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where two third parts, Two or more in number and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of parishes may lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within two or more pa unite, with rithes, townships, or places, so qualified as aforesaid, shall think fit, with such approbation as aforesaid, signified in like manner fa

under the hands of two justices of the peace, and subscribed at the purposes the foot of the said agreement, in the form expressed in the said of thuad. schedule, No. II at the end of the form of the said agreement, to unite for the purposes of this act, and shall signify their inclination and desire so to do at a public meeting held in each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the manner herein-before directed concerning a single parish, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. Ill, an agreement shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such public meetings shall have been' held, be entered into by the guardians of the poor of every such parish, township, and place respectively, or the major part of them, in the form or to the effect set forth in the said schedule, No. IV which agreement shall be binding upon the several parties; and every such agreement shall specify the place.

where such house or houses shall be situate, and the terms upon which such agreement is made, and shall be entered with the clerk of the peace or town clerk of the county, city, town, or district, in which such parishes, townships, or places, shall be situate, and a copy thereof left with him within three calendar months after the time of making such agreement, in the form or to the effect mentioned in the said schedule, No. V for which entry every such clerk shall receive one shilling, and no morb;

o and

S

Parishetmore than 10 miles Aistant from the poor house excluded.

Notice for meetings to be given in the church, C

Qualification of voters.

Justices to appoint a guardian for each parish, C

Duty and powers of the guardian.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

and from that time every such parish, township, and place, fa agreed to be united, shall be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

V Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no parish, township, hamlet, or place, which shall be situate more than ten miles from any poor house or workhouse to be provided under the authority of this act, shall be permitted to be united, for the purposes aforesaid, with the parishes, townships, hamlets, and places, which shall establish such poor house or workhouse.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the notice for every public meeting directed by this act, shall be given in the church or chapel of every such parish, township, or place, on three fuc ccflive Sundays before the time of such meeting, immediately after divine service, or on such of the said Sundays as service shall be performed there, and also fixed in writing on such church or chapel door, or if no church or chapel, at some public place within any such parish, township, or place, where notices of parish business have been usually given, fifteen days at lead before the day to be appointed for such meeting, in the form or to the effect mentioned in the said schedule. No. VI and that no person shall vote at any public meeting to be held for the purposes of this act, unless he or she shall be the owner or occupier of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be assessed to the poor's rates, within such parish, township, or place, after the rate of five pounds per annum, at the lead; nor shall any such person vote as occupier, unless he or she shall be assessed or pay to such poor's rates: provided always, That in all parishes, townships, or places, wherein there shall not be ten periods possessed of the qualification aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every person who shall be assessed, or shall pay to such poor's rates, to vote at every such meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for two justices of the peace of the limit where such poor house shall be, or be so agreed to be Gtuated, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall have been made as aforesaid, upon application to them by two or more of the persons who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons so recommended to be guardian of the poor for each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VT, or to that or the like effect; and every such guardian shall attend the monthly meetings hereby directed to be held, and execute the several powers and authorities given to guardians by this act, and shall have, and is hereby inverted with, all the powers and authorities given to overseers of the poor by any other act or acts of parliament, and shall to all intents and purposes, except with regard to the making and collecting of rates, be an overseer of the poor for the parish or township for which he shall be so appoint! guar

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 1551

dian, and shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties for neglect of duty as overseers of the poor are made liable to by this or any other act of parliament 3 and all notices or applications directed by this or any other act of parliament to be given or made to the overseers of the poor, with respe^fc to the care and management or removal of the poor, shall be given and made to the guardian of the poor, where any such guardian shall be appointed under the authority of this act; but in case any orders of removal or notices shall happen, by mistake, to be given or sent to the churchwarden or overseer, the same shall be as valid and effectual as if given to the guardian 3 and such churchwarden or overseer shall, and is hereby required forthwith to deliver the same to the guardian, or shall forfeit forty Shillings for his neglect: and in all cases where such guardian of the poor shall be appointed as aforesaid, neither the churchwardens or overseers of the poor shall interfere or intermeddle in the care and management of the poor, but shall continue to have and be invcfted with the same powers of making and col jcding poor's rates as they have at present, and shall be subject: to the like penalties for neglect or misbehaviour in making and colkfting such rates as they were at the time of passing this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the charchwar appointment of such guardian as aforesaid, one or more of the  churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every parish, town the poor's ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, who rate.

shall be approved at some public meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall receive the money to be collected by virtue of such poor's rates, and apply the lame in manner following; (that is How to be 10 say). If such parish, township, or place, shall not be united w1*4* with any other by virtue of this act, such churchwarden or over leer shall pay to the guardian of the poor such sums, from time to time, as he shall have occasion to employ for the purposes of discharging. the bills, and all other necessary expenses attending such house or houses, and the poor belonging to such parish, township, or place, and shall take receipts from such guardian for in the money so paid, expressing in every such receipt the purposes for which such money is wanted; and if the said parish, township, or place, shall be united with any other parish, township, or place, by virtue of this act, such churchwarden or overseer shall pay, from time to time, to the treasurer of such united parishes, townships, Or places, their due proportion and quota of the several expenses attending the poor and poor house therein, under the authority and according to the direction of this act, and take his receipts for such money 3 or, if it shall be found more convenient, he shall permit such treasurer, from time to time, to draw drafts upon him for such money, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VIII and pay the fam& when they become due, specifying in every such receipt and draught the general purposes for which such money is to be applied; all which payments so to be respectively made, shall be allowed to the said churchwarden or overseer, in his accounts with the parish.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. p. 8$.

ruh, township, or place, wherein suck money shall be raised 3 and the accounts, as well of the said churchwarden or overiecf* as of the said guardian, shall be examined at every monthly meeting, and shall be examined and passed quarterly by the victor of such poor house, after they shall have been verified uport oath before a justice of the peace.

Justices to

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law point a go fal ff or more justices of the peace for the limit wherein powhouse. ch pogr house be situate, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall Imo been made as aforesaid for adopting the provisions of this act, either by a Angle parish or township, or by two or more parishes or townships, upon application made to them by two or more of the persons who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons recommended for governor of such poor house, (in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VII or to that or the like cflfedl), who shall have the care, management, and employment of the poor persons to be tent thither, and shall be allowed such ftlary or w^ges for his trouble as shall be specified in the said agreement; and it shall and may be lawful for the visitor of such poor house, with the consent of the guardians, or the major part of them, or for two or more justices of the peace for such limit where a guardian shall be visitor, to remove the governor of such poor house, upon complaint, and sufficient proof, of misbehaviour or incapacity in the execution of his office. directioni for X And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor the appoint for e several parishes and townships which shall be so united mentotvwt gs shall meet as f0on as conveniently may be after

such agreement shall have been made, to consider of three proper persons, respectable in character and fortune, fit to be put in nomination for the office of visitor of such poor house \ two or more of such guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such meeting, apply to two justices of the peace acting for the limit wherein such poor house shall be, and produce to them the said agreement, and the names of the persons whom they shall desire to recommend; which justices shall then, or within three days after, appoint one of such persons so recommended to be visitor, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. VII or to that or the like effects; but if he shall refute to accept that office, they shall then appoint one other of the persons so named; and if he shall decline it, they shall appoint the third person named in such list; and if he shall decline it, the guardians of the said several parishes, townships, and places shall, and they are hereby required to serve that office monthly by rotation, subject to the control of the justices of Visitor may 'the limit where such poor house shall be: and every such visitor, appoint a if not a guardian, is hereby authorised to nominate fotnedif deputy. creet and proper person to be his deputy or assistant, if he (foil think fit, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. IX and every such deputy or assistant shall, in the absence or such

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83; t

visitor, and older his direction, act as inspector of the several Blatters so committed to the care of the visitor, and shall make his report thereof, from time to time, to him, for his better information, and render him all the assistance in his power: and every visitor so to be appointed shall superintend every fuel) house or houses, and settle and ddjuft the accounts between the said guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any

Sftion or dispute shall arise respecting the fanie; and also shall e and adjust all doubts and questions which (nay drife concerning the persons which ought to be font to such house or houses, according to the intention of this ddt, and by every prudeot means in his power enforce and promote the rules, orders, regulations, directions, and provisions established, enacted, and formed by and under this act, for the better accommodation m.d. relief of the poor, and the preventing all unnecessary expeaces and burdens on the said parities, townships, and places: and every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby re Gdveritpr, C (juired to observe and obey the directions which he shall frorti to obey the time to time receive from the visitor so to be appointed, touch vlfitor4 ing the several matters aforesaid: and, where any ad shall bfc

3iired to be done by a justice of peace, such visitor, if nbt a f ce, or his deputy or assistant, shall apply to Tome neighbouring magistrate to do the same: and every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the office of constable, and all parochial offices, and also from serving upon juries at the assizes or quartet fetfions, so long as he shall continue in that office; and a certificatetunder the hand of a justice of the peace afiingfor the limit wherein he executes such office, in the fornl contained in the said schedule, No. X shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if two thirds, in mirtt singh*perifas her and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of lands, "fitor ait tenements, or hereditaments, within any Angle parish, town panted;

ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified for that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons To recommended, in the manner herein before directed concerning parishes, townships, and places so united as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the guafdiaris of the A trtafuref t several parishes and townships united for the purpose of this bepp01co' a, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to be treasurer of the poor house; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so redom mended, or any other of the guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. VII or to that or the like' effect which treasurer His duty

fi Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands; and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and expenses which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perusal and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within fourteen days before the' Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such poor house shall be situate, make out, or cause to be made out, a just and fair account of the expenses attending the same, distinguishing them under the several heads herein specified; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the visitor, and signjfied under his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, of such county, riding, division, city, or place, before or at the time of the said quarter sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection: and every such Jreasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding ten pounds, as the visitor,

snot a guardian, shall think fit; and if no such visitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies oc

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often a; cation ed by any vacancy shall happen in any of the offices aforesaid, by cm&c. how th, resignation, or removal, meetings shall be calied, and re to befupplied* commendations offered to the justices in manner aforesaid; and they shall proceed, so Toon as conveniently may be, in the manner before directed, to appoint a fit and proper successor to the person so dying, declining to as, or so removed as aforesaid.

At what time

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the the offices of offices of guardian, governor, Visitor, or treasurer, to which any governor C person appointed under the authority of this act, shall

thalldeter*determine in Eajhr week next after the respective persons shall mine, be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting

for such parish, township, or place, shall be held there;wlven the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office, shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, 'in the manner herein before directed, as if such person had died.

Justices in a

XV. And be it further enacted, That if within any such limit different limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor house shall be situate, there shall may in happen to be no adhng justice, or only one adlingjustice of the certain ca cs. peace or jf justice or justices of the peace who usually aio

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.^83. 163 4

that limit shall bt absent, dr by any means incapacitated to act it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to ain all such cases.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, within their respective limits, to appoint special or privy sections for executing the several powers and purposes of this act, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the fame, to the several justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor* within such respective limits; and also to adjourn any fcch privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and place as they shall judge most proper for discharging the business required by this act, and such other business which may happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the least trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest convenience and accommodation to the publick, earning the like noti<$ to be given of every such adjournment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor of the several parishes, townships, and places, which shall adopt the provision&of this act, shall provide a suitable and convenient house or houses, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, when wanted, either by erecting new ones on land to be purchased or rented by them for that purpose, altering dd ones, or hiring buildings for the purpose; and shall fit up and dispose the fame, with the advice and approbation of the visitor, if any, in such manner as shall be most conducive to the general purposes of this act, at the expence of such parish or town-ship,or parishes, townships, and places, respectively, in the pro* portions herein after mentioned; and shall provide such utensils and materials as they shall think necessary for their employment* according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several poor houses or workhouses to be built or provided under the authority of this act, shall be situate within the parish or township for which they shall be used, if single parishes or townships, and if several parishes or townships shall be united for the purposes of this act, they shall be built or provided within one of the parishes or townships so to be united, and not in any other parish, township, or place, without the consent of three fourth parts, in number and value as aforesaid, of such owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the same, first had and obtained, qualified as herein-before mentioned, who shall be assembled at a publick meeting to be holden in the manner, and upon the like notice, herein-before directed for publick meetings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the houses, buildings, and lands, to be hired or rented under the authority of this act, shall be hired or rented in such manner, for such term or terms, and on such conditions, as are specified in the form of agreement contained in the said schedule. No.IV; and all such houses, buildings, and lands, shall be free from all parochial

1$4 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

chial and parliamentary taxes, except such taxes, and to such amount, as they were assessed at the time they were first taken and applied for the purposes of this act.

Buildings to

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such buildings shall be agreed to be erected, repaired, or fitted up, at the expence of the parish, township, or place, or parishes, town-ships, or places, which shall adopt the provisions of this act as aforesaid, the expences thereof, and of the purchase of the land necessary to be used for that purpose, shall be paid by the guardians of the poor of such parish, township, or place,^ or of the parishes, town ships, and places, where they shall unite for thos* purposes, in the proportions to be settled and adjusted by the persons, and in the manner, directed by the agreement to be made as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the visitor and guardian of the poor of any such parish, township, or place, when such expences, *>r their proportion thereof, shall amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, to borrow the fame at interest, and (ecure such money by a charge upon the poors rates of such parish, township, or place, in sums not exceeding fifty pounds each, for the greater ease in discharging the fame, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XI, or to that or the like effi c&; which charge shall continue upon the said rates until the money so borrowed, and all interest for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied: and the said guardians and their successors shall, and they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the interest of such money so to be borrowed, for the use of their respective parishes or townships, as the same shall become due; and that when the principal shall be called for, they may borrow it from some other person or persons; and the same shall be secured to the person advancing the fame, by an assignment of such security indorsed on the bank thereof, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XIV, or to that or the like effect: and that the poors assessments shall continue at the fame rate they were when such poor house was first established under the authority of this act, until the debt so contracted, and the interest thereof, shall be fully discharged: and that the said visitor and guardian, in order to expedite such payments, shall, as soon as the savings in the poor's accounts shall amount to a sum sufficient to pay off and discharge one of the sums which shall have been borrowed, pay off and discharge such sum, and in like manner as to all succceding savings, until the whole debt so contracted and secured shall be discharged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the visitor and guardian for the time being of every parish, township, and place, or of the several parishes, townships, and places which shall be so united as aforesaid, from and after they shall respectively have adopted the provisions of this act, shall be, and are hereby respectively declared to be one body politic and corporate, and Their name, be called by the name of Visitor and Guardian, or, Vif tors and Guardians, of the Poor for the parish, Tqivnfbipi or Place of in the County cof.

Visitor and guardian to be incorporated.

Or, of the united parifitsi

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

vmjbts) tmnshipsj or Places of

in the County cof

and

is the case shall be; and are hereby authorised and enabled by that name to sue and be sued, and to accept, take, and hold, by purchase or lease, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable oa the death of any life or lives, not exceeding in any city or town one acre, and not exceeding in the open country twenty acres of Statute measure, for the feite of a house or houses to be built, and for lands to be occupied, for the purposes of this a; and the said corporation is also hereby authorised and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary grants and donations of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable on lives, or of personal property, which shall be made to them for the use and benefit of the poor within such respective parishes, townships, or places.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Incapacitated lawful for all bodies politic, corporate, or pollegiate, corpora prfon* im tiens aggregate or foie, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees

in trust, committees, executors, administrators, and all other

trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuiquc trusts, whether infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons, and to and for all femes covert, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in their own right, and to and for every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possesseti of, or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or rented for the purposes of this id, to contract for, fell, and convey, or lease the same, or any part thereof, in manner aforesaid, not exceeding the quantity aforesaid, unto the said visitor and guardians, their successors and assigns, or to such person or persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within such parishes, townships, and placet respectively, and for all other the purposes of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money Money paid which are to be paid to any bodies politic, corporate, or colie

giate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in ttqft, executors, out in ttepur administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, 9x other true chase of other ftces whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infant, lunatic idiot, lands, C to femc covert, or other cestuique trust, or to any person or persons |* lands arc limited in strict settlement, for the purchase of C am my lands or buildings as aforesaid, shall, in case t; he same exceed the sum of twenty pounds, by such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, person or persons seized of lands or buildings so limited in drift settlement, be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in see ample, and conveyed to or to the use of

m3

166 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or to and for such other person or persons, and for such estates, and to, for, ppon, and subject to such uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands for or in respect whereof such purchase money shall be so paid as aforesaid were limited, settled, and assured, at the time such purchase was made, or so many of such uses as shall be then.existing, and capable of uk ing effect; such purchase and settlements to be made at the expense of the respective parish, or of the several parishes so uniting, in the proportions aforementioned, and charged by the respective guardians of such parishes, together with the purchase money, in their accounts; and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, the said money shall be placed out by such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, person or persons, in some of the public funds, or on government or real security, in the name of two or more persons, the one to be named by the party or parties interested therein, and the other by the guardian, if it respedu a single parish only, and by the visitor, if it respects several parishes, townships, or places, so united as aforesaid; and the interest arising and to be produced from such funds or securities, and also the annual relit where the said premises shall be rented, shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would, for the time being, bt entitled to the rents and profits of such lands of buildings so to see purchased and settled, pursuant to the tenor ard true meaning of this act.

Poor to be'XXIV And be it further enacted, That the poor persons maintained at \yhb shall be lent to every such house, by virtue and under the expencef of authority of this act, shall be maintained therein at the general iherespective expense of the respective parishes, townships, and places, so parishes. adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, according to the terms, and in the proportions, directed and prescribed by this act; and that the treasurer, with the assistance of the governor of every such house, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall provide all fit and necessary provisions for the maintenance of such poor, Guardians to and keep an ageopnt thereof; and that there shall be a meeting meet monthly. Gf the guardians of the poor of every such parish, township, and place. such house or houses, on the first Monday in every moaty)gy*t the hour of ten in the forenoon, or on such other day and houi|, in the first week of every month, as the said guardians shall at their first; meeting appoint, to state, examine, insped, Treasurer, at and adjust the atedunts for the preceding month; and that at each meeting, such meeting, the said treasurer shall produce, fairly written, accountuof one ^cc9unt the debt incurred in the preceding month, for debt incurred utensils and material foe the purpose of manufacture, and for for utensils, furniture, alterations, or repairs of the buildings, and also for furniture C the alary or allowance to the governor or treafuferj and servants

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 167

(if any), in which account the relit of such house or houses, buildings, and preroifes, if the same shall be rented, shall be charged in the month next after such relit shall become due, according to the terms of the agreement for taking the same; which account, when settled and agreed to, shall be signed by the said guardians attending such meeting: and the sums to be paid by each of such parishes, townships, and places, on that account, shall be settled and adjusted at such meeting, in pro portion to the sums paid by each such parities, townships, and places, on account of their poor, on a medium of three years next preceding the date of such agreement, (to be settled and ascertained at such first monthly meeting, in the manner to be specified by the said agreement so to be entered into for uniting as aforesaid, and according to the mode or form, and table, contained or referred to in the said schedule, No. XV and in like manner, and in the like proportions, at every succeeding monthly meeting; and the money shall be then, or within one week after, paid into the hands of the said treasurer, to be by him applied in discharge of the several articles and debts contained in such account: and the said treasurer shall also at the nd also an lame time produce fairly written, one other account, of the victuals, beer, firing, and other necessaries, for the use and boer^&c. used maintenance of the poor, and of the governor, at such house or in the poor houses, and all other incidental expenses; which shall be then house. accounted for, and proportioned by the said guardians according to the number of persons which shall have been sent from each of the said respective parishes, townships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided in such house or houses, within such month, according to the mode or form, and table, and in the manner, for that purpose also mentioned in the said schedule, No. XVI and the sum due from each parish, town ship, or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the visitor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him if he shall approve thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective sums so proportioned to be paid in respect of any such parish, township, or place, for seven days after the lame shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said respective sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parirn, township, or plade, making such default; and at the end of every year the account shall be finally doled, and the balances paid and received, according to the mode prescribed by the said schedule. No. XVI

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the churchwarden or Penalty oit overseer of the poor of any parish, township, or place, who shall toddwer have the custody of the poor's rates, affeflinems, or accounts, Up poor's

for rate, See.

161

after proper demand.

Penalty on guardians who shall northeast

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. . tl7^2*

for such parish, township, or place, shall, and is hereby required tp produce the same to the persons who shall be nominated, in the agreement contained in the said schedule for uniting parishes, on every request made by them for that purpose, after fopr days' notice thereof, in order to enable them to ascertain the expenses relative to the poqr, on a medium of three years, according to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this acts or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such refusal or neglect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if thp guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt gleavo attend the said provision as aforesaid, shall not attend each monthly

monthly meeting hereby directed to be held, or send foqie substantial

meetings. inhabitant of loch parish, township, or place, to attepd and answer

the payments for him, in case he shall be prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable accident, from attending in person, the guardian for every such parish, township, and place, making such default, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

Wide land

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to en courage the salutary and benevolent purposes of this act, and tq northwest be in afford better accommodation? for the poor a; such poor houses,

doled, with it shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where

consent of the any such poor house shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to lord of the erected, to enclose from any waste or common land or ground manor, C lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, signified under their hands and seals, any part or portiopof such waste or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this a.

Persons sent

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person or to poor houses persons, to be sent to any house or houses to be provided under order sinned authr'ly f this a shall, at the time of his or her entering by a guardian. such huse, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the governor thereof, or to his assistant, if any, an order, signed by one of the guardians of the poor of the parish, township, or place,

from which such person shall come, for the ad, million of such person or persons, in the form or to the effefi contained in the said schedule. No. XII which order shall be carefully kept by the governor, and entered by him in a book to be provided for that purpose.

XXIX. Andy to render the provisiops of this act more prafluatle end What persons beneficial^be it further enacted, That no person shall be sent to such to^h* oor Poor kuk or houses, except such as are become indigent by d4

house sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance

by their labour } and except such orphan children as

shall

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83;

shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor; and except such children as shall necessarily go with their mothers thither for fufte

169

nance.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all infant children of How [ tender years, and who, from accident or misfortune, shall be children ire pome chargeable to the parish or place to which they belong, be provide may either be sent to such poor house as aforesaid, or be placed

by the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor, with some reputable person or persons in or near the parish, township, or place, to which they belong, at such weekly allowance as shall be agreed upon between the parish officers and such person or persons with the approbation of the visitor, until such child or children shall be of sufficient age to be put into service, or bound apprentice to husbandry, or Tome trade or occupation; and a lilt of the names of every child so placed out, and by. whom and where kept, shall be given to the visitor; who shall see that they are properly treated, or cause them to be removed, and placed under the care of some other person or persons, if he finds just cause so to do; and when every such child shall attain such age, he or she shall be so placed out, at the expense of the parish, township, or place, to which he or she shall belong, according to the laws in being: provided nevertheless. That if the parents or relations of any poor child sent to such house, or so placed out as aforesaid, or any other responsible person, shall desire to receive and provide for any such poor child or children, and signify the same to the guardians at their monthly meeting, the guardians shall, and are hereby required to dismiss, Or cause to be dismissed, such child or children from the poor house, or from the care of such person or persons as aforesaid, and deliver him, her, or them, to the parent, relation, or other person so applying as aforesaid: provided also. That nothing herein contained' mall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of (even years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all idle or disorderly wiepersont, persons, who are able, but unwilling, to work or maintain them whoneffteft* selves and their families, shall be prosecuted by the guardians of to provide for the poor of the several parishes, townfriips, and places, wherein

they reside, and punished in such manner as idle and disorderly fecttte4 persons are directed to be by the Statute made in the feveateenth guardiaai year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and if any guardian shall neglect to make complaint thereof, against every such person or persons, to some neighbouring justice of the peace, within ten days after it shall come to his knowledge, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor lcfs than twenty Shillings, one moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be disposed of as the other forfeitures are herein after directed to be applied.

n XXXII An

y

176 How guardians are to proceed relative to poor personsi who cannot gtt employment.

Guardian to provide suitable clothing or the persons they send to the poor houses.

Rules and orders contained

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place, any poor person or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and Ire is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her strength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place, near the place of his Or her residence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, and during the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expenses shall be then incurred on his or her account to exhaust the same. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to some justice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall inquire into the same upon oath, and on conviction punish such offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expense of such parish, township, or place, suitable and necessary clothing for the persons sent by him to such poor house as aforesaid; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor or one of the guardians of every such house shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary; if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within ten days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to direct the governor of such poor house of the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expenses of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to levy the same, and the costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such guardian so making default.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the rules*orders.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. 171

and regulations, specified and contained in the schedule herein the schedule*unto annexed, shall be duly observed and enforced at every poor ^cb^ve^ house or Workhouse to be provided by virtue of this act, with boulesf0^ such additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some special session; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repeated by theju ftices at their quarter sessions of the peace; and for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or houses.

XXV. And whereas, by the said ar of the ninth of King George the First, dir ir ions are given touching the application to be mode by poor per font, and the manner in which they are to be reliev td, by orders from justices of the peace; but, from a want of proper iifiriptms of the poor, who are to be the objects of such relief from C want of proper accommodations in many parishes, townships, and flofts, and from a want of the means of enforcing the orders of the jvfiices for such relief, the said ar hath not had its proper effer, and that poor have been Jrequently reduced to hardships and distresses: for justices, 0* remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be complaint lawful for any justice of the peace, on complaint made upon.

oath, by or on ihe behalf of any poor person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application to any p. to him, hath refused such poor person proper relief, and person, may after inquiring into the condition and circumstance of such poor direct such person upon 04th, either to order him or her, by writing under the hand of such justice, some weekly or other.relief, or direct pi, inant to the such guardian to send such poor person to the poor house, in poor house. case he or she shall appear a lit object to be kept and provided for there, according to the true intent and construction of this act; which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before, such justice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same; (and every person receiving weekly relief shall wear the badge directed by the act made io the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King iftbiam the Third, unless directed otherwise by a justice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour); or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person so complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such justice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refofal or ntgleet, forfeit the sum of five pounds; or if it shall If the Justice appear to such justice, that the person making such complaint,

9; oq whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle or difor anet^ "le

derly prfoii, hemj

7*

commit him to the house of correction.

Guardian not to be summoned before the justice, unless the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian and visitor.

Application of penalties

inflicted on guardians

Directiont relative to such poor persons who shall be afflt&ed with fitkness, C when at a di ft a nee from their paritti.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1781.

derly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the justice, after examining such person, and hearing the whole circumstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month $ or if it shall appear to such justice, upon inquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly personable to work, but by his neglect of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in alehouses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffers them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any complaint or apolication shall be made to a justice of the peace, for the relief of any poor person, within any parish, township, or place, for which a visitor shall be appointed, such Justice (halt not summon the guardian to appear before him, unless application shall have been first made, by the person so complaining, to the guardian, and, if he refuses redress, to the visitor, (it being part of his duty to adjust matters of that fort), who shall order relief if he thinks it necessary, either within or out of the poor house, as he shall judge right; but if sufficient relief shall not be so given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such justice in the manner herein before directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the penalty hereby infiided upon the guardian for disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace Nwho shall convict such offender shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any poor person shall be retarded on his or her passage through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal settlement, by reason of his or her meeting with any accident, or being afni&ed with any dangerous sickness or bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her settlement, the guardian living near the place where such distressed object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and assistance (and also clothing if necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be in a (late of health fit to be

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.' 173

removed, shall take such person to some neighbouring justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was found, who shall examine hitn or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit: and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expenses attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, town ship or place, where such poor person shall be settled, in case the same can be discovered, and mall happen to be within that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid, or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after due summons, by warrant from a justice of peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person circumstanced as aforesaid shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or dace, where he or she so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expenses attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where'such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that county; but in case the settlement of such poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county, the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was so relieved, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not to alter contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or* affect the settlement of any person or persons whomsoever, or*

to give any illegitimate child, who may be born in any poor house or workhouse established under the authority of this acta settlement in the parish or place in which such workhouse or poor house shall be situated, (but every such child shall be considered as settled in the parish or place to which the mother belongs), or to alter or affbst any of the provisions, directions, rules, orders, or regulations, established by any act or acts of parliament for the management and government of any particular house of industry, or workhouse, inrany part of this kingdom; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty on personi who shall embezzle orwalte goods. See. committed to their care in

any poor house.

Penalty on enticing or removing pregnant women, C from one pari (b to another, without an order from two justices. Penalty on visitors, guardians, and governor, who shall furnish provisions, See. for the poor house to which i they belong.

Guardians, with the approbation of the parioiion* ers, may sell houses provided by the panth for the poor thereof.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8* [1782.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any poor person who shall be sent to inch house or houses, fhaljl embezzle or wilfully waste any of the goods or materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of such house, or belonging to any person residing the re, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of peace living near such house; who shall hear the same, and the party accused; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor leis than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

XLI. And whereas it frequently happens that poor children, pregnant women, or poor persons affilqcd with sickness, or some bodily in firmity, are enticed, taken, or conveyed by parish officers, or other persons, from one parish or place to another, without any legal order of removal, in order to ease the one parish or place, and to burden the other with such poor persons: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when any guardian, or other person or persons, shall so entice, take, convey, or remove, or diufe or pro pure to be so enticed, taken, conveyed, or removed, any such poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every

s>erson or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, orfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than see pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall sell or furmfh any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provisions, or do any work in his trade for the use of any workhouse, poor house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be soap pointed to ad, or be concerned in trade or interest with any person or persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b lawful for the guardians of the poor of any parish, township or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with ih$ approbation of the persons, within such parish, township, or place, qualified as herein before mentioned, obtained at a publick meeting held for that purpose, to sell or dispose of any

house, cottage, or building, which shall have been erected or purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expense of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom for the purposes of this act; and also to remove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expense of such parish,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3. ri 75

township, or place, if he, she, or they refuse to quit, after receiving fourteen days notice for that purpose.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That This act not nothing in this act contained shall extend to or asi^fl, or Ln cxt|ace L

deemed, construed, or adjudged to extend to or afsect, any pa vjhion hall rish, township, or place, which shall not agree to adopt the not adopt the provisions herein contained, in the manner hereby directed and provisions prescribed; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof lhcrel notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties and by this act shall be recovered before one or more justice or juf hoir to be re tices of the peace of the jurisdicttio; } wh^re the offender dwells; covered and" who shall, upon conviction, in default of payment, after due applied, summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges f such distress and sale shall be deduced; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it ha and may be lawful to and for any such justice of the peace to comjnit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for any (pace pot exceeding IX calendar months, nor less than qne calendar month 5 and that every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby pth^rwife directed to be disposed of, shall be paid t; o the treasurer of every such house or houses, where any such shall Ije established under the authority of this act, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expenses of victuals, beer, firing, and other necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any person aggriey7 Persons aged by the act of ai\y justjee or justices of the peace oqt of fefr teethe fioris, in or concerning the executiop of this at, may appeal tp quarter fef thenexr general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, fionsj riding, liberty, division, precinct, of cmstrict, wherein fych act was done, giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognisance, to be acknowledged bsefqre a justice of the peace, with a sufficient surety, to pay the cotts attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to award costs, for or against the appellant, they shall see just cause so to do; which deter initiation shall be final, and shall not be removed by ctruoran.^pna| xlvii/and be it further enacted, That this act shall bepub, icka^ deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other per tonnes whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

SCHEDULE,

Containing the Forms of Proceedings referred to by thi aforesaid Act.

No. I.

FORM of AGREEMENT at a public meeting, for a Gngli parish or township to adopt the provisions, rules, and regulations, of an act, made in the twenty second year of Gtirgt the Third, for tbt bttttr relief employment the poor.

IT is agreed, at a public meeting duly btlden this day tf

at in the county ofpurfuant to the if

reffitns of an all, made in the twenty second year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor, That the parish [or township] of [as the case shall be]

shall from henceforth adopt, in all respells, rules, orders, and regulations, and comply with all the requisites if

the said at; and that our workhouse [if there is one] shall be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the purposes in tit

said act. [If there is none] We will forthwith provide a prefer workhouse, either by erciting a new one, or hiring, altering, aol sitting tip buildings suitable to the at some convenient pleu

within our parish, C And we recommend to the confidential tf the justices and as fit and proper personss sir

guardians of the poor; and and

as fit and proper per font for governors of the poor house, for tbt soil parish, township, (Ac. [as the case shall be].

Given under our hands, tdc.

No. II J

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the justica

1

WE A.B. and C D. esquires, two of his Majesty's ju/lta of the peace for the county, left, of [i

the case shall be] considering the parish or township, *. of

within the said county, (etc. to be of magnitude fifi event to have a workhouse provided within it for the reception on employment of the poor, and to adopt the provisiom of the ofl (ft the better relief and employment of the poor) passed in the two tyfeeond year of the reign of King George the Thirds do bertkjgik our approbation and consent thereto, pursuant to the directions of tk said act 5 and we do also agree to the salaries fixed by the food opto ment to be paid to the guardian and governor

Given under our bands this

dqyefi

N

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8.

m

No. III

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the public meeting, for two or more parishes, townships, or places, to unite in adopting the provisions of the ad, made in the twenty second year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor

IT is agreed, at a public meeting duly held this

Joy of at in tbt county of

furjumt to tbt directions of the said ail. That the porish [or town fiip\of [as the case shall be] from

forth, in conjunction with the parishes or townships of end [as the Case (hill be] adopt in all respects the provisions, rules orders and regulations and comply with ell the reqmfites prescribed by the said act for parishes uniting for those purposes 5 and that a convenient workhouse, and other buildings and northeast teffarj conveniences shall be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and accommodated for the purposes mentioned in the aid ad: and we recommend to the consideration of thejufijets of the limit wherein such workhouse will be situate A.B., C D., and E. F., as fit and proper fiersons qualified for guardians of the poor; and G. H., 1. K., and L M., as fitpersons to be.governors of the poor house for the said parish [or, township* as the case shall be]; and do agree to allow the person who shall be appointed guardian a alary of per annum for his trouble in executing

that officej and to the person who shall be appointed governor of the poor house a salary of for his trosible in executing

that office.

No. IV

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the parishes [or town ships, as the case shall be] of A.B. C and D, for the purpose of providing a house or houses, and the better maintaining and employing their poor, pursuant to the Statute of the twenty second year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed this day of by and

between the guardians of the poor of the parishes of and and of the townships of

and in the county of (which

maintain their own poor separate and distinct from the other parts of their respective parishes) whose names are hereunto subscribed* pur fisont to the opinion of two third parts in number and value as aforesaid of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements and hereditaments* qjfeffed to the poor's rates within such respective parishes and townships, at meetings duly held for that purpose qualified according to the directions of the act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third and with the approbation of A.B. and C D. twojufiices of the peace according to the directions of the said act That the aid respective parishes and townships shall Vol. xxxiv N be

i

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 63. [1782.

be united for the better maintaining and employing their poor j and that a convenient house or boufs, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, and with land fit for gardens, orchards, and the keeping of a cow or cows, shall be built, [purchased, or hired, as shall be found most suitable] at or year for the

reception and accommodation of the poor, as Jeon as conveniently may be, and If hired, the same shall be rented upon fieth terms as shall be agreed upon between the guardians of the poor of the said several parishes and townships, or the major part of them, and the perfossor persons owning or being authorised to let such buildings, lands, and prewifes j but no such agreement shall be made for a longer term than twenty-one years, unless the guardian or guardians shall have an option to vacate it at the end of that term, on giving twelve months notice in writing of his or their intentions so tp do, nor for a fborter term than three years; and such houses shall be fitted ut and mode convenient for the purposes aforesaid, at the expense of the landlords, [or tenants, as shall be agreed between them]: that the rents of the said houses, the expenses of sitting up, making additions 'or alterations, [where they shall be agreed to be paid by the tenants], and of the furniture thereof, and also the utensils and materials to be used for the purpose of employing the poor, and the wages and allowances'to be paid to the governor of the house, shall be paid by the said several guardians in their due proportions, according to the amount of the money raised by the poors rates for their several parishes and townships, in refipeh of their poor, on a medium of three years preceding such agreement \ and that such proportion shall be ascertain/d by and whops we have nominated

for that purpose, and shall be paid by the guardians of the peer of the said respective parishes and townships, to the persan who shall be authorised to receive the same, within seven days after the same shall be so ascertained \ and that the money earned by the labour of such poor shall be brought to the credit of that account at the cud of every year: that the expenses of victuals, beer, and firing, for the poor and the governor, [and for the afjijlants, when any shall be - found necessary] in every such house or houses, with all other fmdl incidental expenses, shall be proportioned, at the end of every month, according to the number of poor which shall be sent from each of the said respective parishes, townships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided there within such month: that the guardians of the poor of any of the said parishes, townships, cr places, shall be at liberty to withdraw from this agreement at the end of the first thru years, or any succeeding three years, on giving twelve months notice f such their intention, if it shall be so determined by three fourth parts of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, assessei to the poor's rates, and qualified as aforesaid, at a publui meeting, summoned by due notice as aforesaid, specifying the ouajm if such meeting j and in such case, they shall receive one half of tbttr due proportion, to be ascertained by the persons above named, or such other persons as the parties shall agree upon for that purpose of the value of the furniture, fiock, utensils, and implements, then remaining at jufb poor house, afttr paying their proportion of the relit, and o of

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

if tit Jahries lb tf&governor and other officers, to the end of the then gntoing year: and that the guardians "of the poor of each parish, tevmflup, and pike, ball provide Maple and convenient loathing ftr the poor .> to be fens to the said house or houses, from their rtf pec live tar i/bes, totonjhrps, or plates', and charge the ex peaces thereof in their account?. Jhd we recommend to the justices of tie limit when such house is to be fttuated, A.B. C D., and E. FAS persons duly qualified for the office of vifttor of the said poor house, ond I. K., L M., and N. O., as persons duly qualified for the of fa of governor of the said poor house.

Wt, A.B. and C D. the justices of peact ken  timed in thi within written agreement, do hereby give our approbation to the parishes ond places herein named being united for the^fterposes of the act within mentioned. spitnsfs our bands, this day

'f

No. V

FORM of ENTRY to be made by the clerk of the peace or town clerk.

BE it remembered That on the day of

A.B. deposited in my hands a copy of the agreement made between the churchwardens and overfars of the poor of the parishes or twnfhipi of and [aa^th'e qafe

shall be] in the eoanty, tjfc.

[39 the case shall be] of sir uniting in hhing, purchasing, or building houses, at or near in the said county, C and providing for the mntenance and employment of a certain description of poor persons Mending to the said parishes, townships, and places, pursuant to the Statute made in the twenty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third.

No. VI

FORM of a NOTICE for the meeting.

NOTICE is hereby given. That a public meeting, to consult the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, % ftfed after the rate of five pounds per annum, about hiring, pilr ttyjing, or building [as the case shall be] a house or houses, ond providing for the maintenance and employment of the poor, pursuant 7* the Statute of the twenty second year of George the Third, will be 'idiot the day of at

in the forenoon.

No. VII

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a guardian.

I WE A.B. ajii C D. two of bit of peace for

lb aunty of afling for the 6v.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

of'in the said entity, hereby appoint E. F.

of to execute the office of guardian of the poor fer

the parish, tic. of within the said hundred, tie.

for one year, to he computed from to be

has been recommended at a public meeting held the day of pursuant to the directions of the ad in the twenty feiond year of the reign of his mojefy Tung George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Given under our bands, this day of

[The like form for visitor, only varying the description of the office, and when appointed for united parishes, he. name them.]

[The like form for appointing a governor and treasurer, only varying that of a treasurer, by adding, to be has been recommended by the guardians.]

No. VIII

FORM of a DRAUGHT by the guardian on the churchwarden or overseer appointed to collect the poor's rates.

To A.B. collector of the poor's rates of the parish township] of [as the be.]

YOU are hereby authorised and directed to pay to C D. the fun of for [here describe the occasion of the

payment, whether for house relit, clothing, or for relief of poor persons, tic. tic. as the case shall be] and tale his receipt for the same, which will be your discharge for such payment. Doted this day of

E. F.

Guardian of the poor for tit porijk [or township] aforesaid.

No. IX

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a deputy visitor.

I A.B. t 'iftor of the poor and poor house for the barish, townjbifu

tic. of [or for the united pari/b$l

townships, tic. of and ]

the county of do hereby nominate and appoint C D.

to be my deputy visitor and offiflanduring my will and & pursuant to the power given to me by an act, in the twenty Jtcond year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, tuled. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), and authorise him to discharge the duty rejuired

Witness my hand,

N

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

No. X

FORM of certificate of serving the office of visitor.

I A.B. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, stc.

[as the ca/c shall biej of do hereby certify,

That C D. of in the said county, bath been

appointed to, and is now serving, the office of visitor of the poor for the parish or township of [or for the parishes

and townships of ] in the said county, [as

the case shall be] pursuant to the direction of the act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his majstiy King George the Third.

Dated this day of

No. XI

FORM of SECURITY for money borrowed.

BY virtue of an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Thirds (entitled, An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), we A.B. visitor, and C D. guardian of the poor, for the parish [or township, as the case shall be] of E, in the county, city, fcfc. of in

cwfiieration of the sum of to us in hand paid by

for the purpose of purchasing, building, trisling, repairing, sitting up, or furnishing, cas the case shall be] a convenient house, buildings, and offices, for the recep- um, accommodation, and employment of the poor of the said parish or tawn/hip, and for providing suitable flock and utensils for that purpose, do hereby charge the poor's rates to be hereafter made, and the jeviral sums of money to be raised thereupon, within the said parish [or township, as the case shall be] with the payment of the said principal sum, and interest after the rate of per

centum per annum, half yearly as the same shall become due.

No. XII

FORM of ORDER for admission of paupers.

To the governor of the poor house at E.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive A.B. [describe his or her age, and whether married or single] a poor person belonging to the parish [or township, as the case shall be] 9f in the county of D. into the poor house at E.

end to accommodate and provide for such person in a proper manner according to the rules and oflablishment of the said house.

Given under my hand, this day of

H. G.

Visitor [or guardian as the case shall be.]

H'j

No.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.gj.

[1782.

No. xm.

FORM of the JUSTICE'S dirctfion to excuse the badge.

I A.B. a justice of peace for the county [riding, division, C^care shall be] of'having received prof

Upon oath before me, that C D. a poor p'trfon receiving weekly re lies from the parish [townfaip, cas the case shall be] of

in the tontif cof is a person of very

decent and orderly behaviour, do hereby dire ft the guardian [or overseer, if no guardian] of the poor for the said parifa, fafr. to omit putting the badge upon the ccat [or gown, if a female] of the said CD and to excuse his [or her] wearing the same, as long as hi [or fat ] fa ill continue to behave orderly and decently.

Dated this day of

No. XIV

t

FORM of the transfer of the security for the money gdvatyce*

I Do transfer this security, with all my right and title te tbt phn* cipal money hereby, facured, and to all the interest mom due, on hereafter to be due, unto crd. his executors, admmijtraurs, and assigns. Dated this ioy tf -

A,

E. F!

'. XV*.. - V

MODE of adjusting tfte fitft account mentioned in the are ' klpe6ting utelifils, materials, furniture, relit,

LET it be supposed that the parifats or townships of A.B. C

and D. have agreed to be united under, the authority of the city and that E. and F. are the per fans named in the agreement asarid* trators, or referees, to settle and adptjd the proportions ufaieh each parifa or place is to pay.

It will be necessary for E. and F. at their sir fa meeting, to call upon the officers of every such parifa, township, or place, for their ojfeff ments and accounts, in order te Jee what they have patd te theit poor, on a medium of three years preceding the agreement; who are required by the act to produce them, under a penalty for refusal:

: the arbitrators have got theft materials, it will be neclffaff te faparate and deduct every matter which does not relate te the potty far inflame, money paid to the county rates, or far the expends of the conjlilbuy. heodborough, or militia, which are all now included in the ppor'i rotes; and, as same of theft parifats may have bad expends occasioned by litigations about settlements and removals, and others may not, they faould exdude all such expenses in the account.

When the accounts tavk been Jo inspected and examined and the proper ieduftms madey they may be supposed Jo appear:

That

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

-. 6s 7 6

for the second year - -87 2 o

or third year - - 105 o q

Making together 25796

11 "T

Atbtrd'part of which sum (being a.'s medium), will be 85 16 6 Let be payments be calculated in the same manner, supposed to amount, on, the medium of three years, to - - 110 0 o

- 97 o o

i&'s dj* - o o

b total amount of the annual payments will be - 452 16 6

Suppost the month's expenses paid by the feverql parishes under the above heads, according to the directions of the a Should amount to . 300, the question will be, If . 432: 16: 6, (the total medium tf all the parishes)y require . 300, what will . 85: 16: 6 require? When that Jhdlt be worked by the fule of three, multiplying the third number by the second, and dividing it when so multiplied by the first the atifwer will be';

a.'s proportion amounts to 5995

bs proportion, when worked in the same manner,

will be - - - 76 5 O

c.'s ditto - - - 67 4 7

d/s - 97 1 o

Making together the whole sum expended. - - 300 o o

When those medium sums Jbatt be settled and proportioned at their first meeting, there will be no occasion to repeat that trouble afterwards y as the first sum will be the same on all future calculations; and to prevent trouble in adjusting the proportions at every monthly meeting, at every poor boufey soon after the first medium proportions shall be so ascertained, there shall be a table fixed, calculating the proportions of each parish, township, or place y to any given jumy from the smallest to the great eft y that is likely to be expended in that dsftrift within the month \ which will make every account clear and easy to the mantft understanding, and will be liquidated in an instant.

No. XVI

Mode of adjusting the second account mentioned in the act, respecting the victuals, beer, firing, and other necessaries.

AS soon as the agreement is made for uniting several parishes y C

the guardians shall meet and consider what will be a proper weekly sum to be 'paid into the hands of the treasurer for every perfm admitted into the poor house, estimating it as near as they tan to the probable expense of maintaining them 5 tie guardians ftnuld pay to the N 4'treasurer

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

treasurery at every monthly meeting, what shall be due for every pub person, upon that calculation, for she time he has been kept there in the month preceding \ and, in order to avoid f rations, if any person shall have been there four days, or more, tn any of the weeks, it Should be considered as a full week, and if left than four days, no eharge Should be made for it: that in order to avoid difficulties in adjusting the account, a table Should be provided,; /7 manner as

before y and fixed up in the house, with proper columns for the number of persons, toe number of weeks, and the total amount, according to the weekly sum so agreed upon; by which that account will likewi/t be settled without the leafi trouble or difficulty.

The fever a I monthly sums paid by each parish cn this ftcond amount and alj'o the gross fumsy Should be entered in the treasurers books t and at the end of the ye tit Should be computed whether the payments by the several parishes have amounted to moret or left, than the sum expended y if to morcy the guardian of each parish Should receive if so lefsy he Should pay his proportion thereof to the treasurery to be cons puted according to the first account, as directed by the ail.

RULES, ORDERS, BYE LAWS, and REGULATIONS, to be observed and enforced at every POOR HOUSE to be provided and established under the authority of the act of the twenty second year of King George the Third.

First. f PHAT the several persons who shall be sent to any futb X poor housey who are capable of doing any worky shall be employed by the governor in some labour which may be befi Jutted U their firength and capacity.

Second. That the' governor shall take particular care to keep the said boitfe, and the several apartments therein, and also the several 'persons who shall inhabit the same, clean and wholesome; for that purpose be shall employ such of the said poor persons who shall be sent thither y whom he shall think mofi able and beji qualified for the offices, to ajfiff him therein, and also in the providing and dr effing victuals for the use of such poor persons; and if any such poor person shall refuse or neglect to perform the work or labour in which he dr Jhe shall be so employ edy or shall be directed to do by the governor. every such person shall be punished by confinement, or alteration of diet, in such manner as the governor shall direct; and for a second offence of the like forty complaint thereof shall be made to some justice of the peace for the limit, who, on conviction, shall commit such person to hp heuse of correction for any time not exceeding two calendar months nor less than one calendar month.

Third. That the apartments in the house or houses to bf provided as aforesaid, shall be adapted so as to accommodate the poor who fall be sent thither in the bcjl manner they are capable.  flat the governor shall place in the best apartments such poor persons who, having peen creditable housekeepers arc reduced by misfortune, n (re? w " 1 ' ferentf

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

fcrence to tboft who are becdme poor by vice and idleness \ that Jeparett apartments shall be provided for the reception of the fid and tempered poor, and an apothecary or surgeon to be sent for to attend tom when thire shall appear necessity far it, at the expense of the porish or place to which such poor per font belong.

Fourth. That such poor persons who art able to work, shall be coded up by ring of bell, and set to work by six in the morning from ladyday to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to ladyday \ continue until four in the afternoon from michael mat to ladyday, and from ladyday to Michaelmas till six in tie afternoon (meal times and times for reasonable recreation except ti); and if any such poor person shall refuse or neglefi to do such mi as shall be allotted him or her, or wilfully spoil the same, or de pert from such house without leave from the governor, or shall be guilty ef any disorder or disobedience to these rules and orders, the

Server shall reprove such person for the same, andpunishhim or by confinement or alteration of diet, as the said governor shall M fit; and if such person shall be guilty of the like off true a fe cml time, the governor shall complain thereof to the yifitor of such beuse, who is hereby authorised to order the punishment of confine wnt to be increased to such degree as be shall think fit.

Fifth. That the governor shall enter in a book to be kept by him, 00 account of the household goods, linen, furniture, and utensils prowled for the said house; and also an account of the materials bought for manufacture, and of the goods manufactured there \ which shall it laid before the guardians at their monthly meeting, and before the visitor whenever he comes to such house.

Sixth. That the governor shall visit the several persons maintained in such house or houses, and their apartments, once at leafi in every lay and shall take care that there is no waste of fire, candles, or frovi/ms \ and shall see that the fires and candles are put out at the hours fixed for such persons going to bed, which shall be at eight of tit dock between Michaelmas and ladyday, and nine between ladyday and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any person shall die in the house, the governor boll take care that the body of such person be immediately removed into fmftparate apartment, and be decently buried, as soon as conveniently maybe; and also take care of the deaths and goods of such person end deliver them to the guardian of the poor of the parish or place tq which such person did belong, who is to pay tie charges of the funeral of fiub poor person.

Eighth. That no poor person bo permitted to go out of the poor house, nor any person permitted to come into such house or houses, except the persons maintained and employed there, without the permission of the governor; and that no spirituous liquors be permitted to hi Irani in such house or houses \ that no other liquors shall be brought thither, without the permission of the said governor.

Ninth. That the rules, orders, and bylaws shall be publicity road b tty governor to all the poor persons kept in fiub house or houses m at leafi in every month.

Tenth,

iu

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84.

[178-2.

'- Tenth; fjs<at ati theptv prfuts Mr it church, jbauatund.

divikr service retry sunwy.< /

Ekwrtth. That tbt gvymttrftall dismiss from the ptsr beqfts vtnributfk, tvery ptrfan tohi fieth, tbt ef that guardian r

guardians, it thought iotpetptrtt tontitu* itngartbtrt, and

trdtr from bmoribtm jar that purptft.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An t tatttfr pfcvirtg clcpn6nr^ and lighting, p^rt f the ppiii d

Saint Georgs Hanover Square, in tbt county d Middlesex, and suck part of okfijond street as lies within the pan/n of Saint James, in the md^oqntjrv nd for removing and preventing nuisances and annoys*aiitfesilhtiwib.

of X Geo. y C i. 3, 4, 5, 6, <xndrigeo. 3# And that the greatest part of thej>an(h of Saint George was paved, whereby a debt was incurred of'mdre than 40, 000l. pointer a, so far as they relate to Same Georgsyparfoi, hna to such partofow bond ftrmt (sites in the parisi of s&jittjavnet, (except a a&ectatnlioocd) repewted\ Fwwn Jonh*4, 17*1, the power of ptvingvcteaostag, and fighting the said parish and street aforesaid, vested Hr the rc&of, churchwardens apd vestrymen for the time being; who may'appoint a committee to meet yearly the fecund Thursday in February betwofejhfb and o'clock tbribn a committee of tt; 4 u&of each ward ai: 4 ootwf bommkwtt. Qualification of committee men viool. real oc perfoqsl, or both together, penalty oa acting snot qualified iodj. Proceedings of the committee to be entered u bookstand may bete?din evidence. Books may be infpofted by the rector churchwardtns*nd vestrymen, or their Clerk. Committee to meet in 14 days after they arc chosen*after asoften artbey fiudl think fit, and three to be a quorum; and if no adjournment, to be eight days notice of fbe next meeting. Committee to pay their expencci. NP a tojbe valid onlefi made at meetings, C AH acts done by the major part present at lueettngi ofilid.*Oommittee may appoint officer, and allow them fila qiscrrv to atcount upon oath quarterly. Penalty on default, 101. god atfion may be brought for the balance, and penalty in the name off Avep. committee men, or their clerk, or the balance may be levied by dfrtrcfs, On failure, of distress, offender to be committed till payment. Chmmkteft may>rt*nove snrityadcet; and levy the expexcei from the owners or occupiers. Committee may make comrafib for paving, cam cpntra&s to be made been Fab as, and June. Scavenger to cpn tract. Committee may enforce the performance of former as well as new ontractc. Former contracts to continue in force, and arrears to be collided. Works to be vnfpetted, and on nonperformance of contracts, actions may be brought for recovery of the penalties. Committee may com

fund with per foes for breach of contrails. Inhabitants to give notice the surveyors when paveokjtts want repairs, who shall insped the same, rfre pavements complained of are found defective, the committee to direct the same to be repaired. Pavements, C veited in the committee; who my fit or othtrwifcdilpost of the old materials, and may hire a p^ece of ground for deporting the materials. Penaky on per tonnes taking or Healing the materials, or breaking, or damaging the same, subject to aftfon or indictment; and for the firn offence not more than 40 s. nor less than 1 1. for the second, or other offence, not more than jl. nor left thanq*r Persons raking witharon between the Hemes, or injuring pavements, to forfeit 5 s. Penalties may be levied by did refs, or offender committed for a month. Names of ftpeeta to be put up, and houses nmaker ed. Scavengers to attend once every week, and gq into houses, C #rbere^aff is kept, and give notice by a beh 1 on neglect to forfeit 5 s. Penalty on any person carrying away cinder b ashe0taot> being the so vtnger, 10 s. Penalty on the owner of the cart in which such cinders or

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. Gift.'

allies shall be carried, let. Committee ins powered to make raws for tie purposes of the act*not exceeding i a. sd.uperpoaad OU the paved ftroetft, and ion the tidpaved streets. The rates not to e*cfe<t former rates, although a sew valuation be made. hanover square may beaflsfled at any Aim not exceeding*i 6 d. in the pound For embellishing the garden to Hanover Square and watering the square, an additional rate thebe of id. in the pound. For preventing annoyance in Hanover d^uare, by beating carpel slaying dirt, cor hackney coaches standing, or driving car ring for breaking or selling horse, riding horses for exertife, to for jeir io. Accounts relating to Old and New bond streete* and Btenhewi ireet* to be kept separate and the money anting in those ttreets to be applied therein only. None of the knaacyiavifing in any other part of the parish to be subject to the payment of the money doe Qn account of Old er New bond dreet, Blenheim ttmeet* or stafford ifreet. w Additional rates my be raised in those streets. Houses hereafter to be rbuitf to berated. Eapty houses to be rated at one half the rates levied ottshe ref of the panflk Fublfdt; buildings and dead walls not to be rated: at more than U tathe pound. If the committee neglect to make raths, the wetry my do it. Commencement of the rates March 15, it, pnyabte qswr sniy. Tenants and occupiers of separate apartments made liable to pay the rates and authorised to deduct the same out of their rfwts.*Rates for houses of ambassadors to be paid by the landlords Rates may be levied by distressed sad fate of goods in five>dayt, by warrant from two juf tkes. cohe&ors ixnpowered to collect arrears of former rates, and the application thereof directed to be in discharge of debts incurred' before Juse 14, 178s. Appeal allowed to the committee, the vestry, ad the quarter session agamflr the rates; cohe&ors to pay the monty ibttfoed lot banker, to be appointed by the committee. On death nr bahkimmcy ofcpllsden, C fepresentarives Co pay money remaining inrtrlrhiwds to the banker. Banker to pay mortis drawn upon hbnyand clehc to keep resents, wtocb mny'bean(peaedby the>vsftry. tfd. in the pk>and of mb /ates to be applied so payment ofwteceft, and in difctiarging the debt; sad the rensaihdegi hi' the first place, in defraying the other expense of the ad, and afterward m discharging the debt, if the fond for difetjarg ing the debt (half not amount td 500 L in any year, an additional rate, uot exceeding id. in the pound, may be laid. Creditors to be paid off bp httob Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. Money in: the Writ to be traasteered to the committee, add to be applied ikdjfchargsngtbe debt. throommissioners tty account with the committee relative to the optional streets within two months after pfcffing the act, and to pay eto^alance in three months. newfetitrititi for toms of tool, each may to given inftexd of present feenrities for larger ferns. Formof securityt

BY virteeof an act of pnriismefct, made in the twenty fdcond year of the reign of his majerfty King George the Third, entitled [insert the title of the act] wethereftor, churchwardens, and vestrynaen of the hid patish, do hereby a/sign to A.B. his executors, adminftstrators, and in consideration of the sum of one hundred pounds by him paid to from this day of

in the year of our Lord until the

laid Ann ofone hundred pounds, wish interest at the rate of

per annum, shall be paid, such proportion the rates or tfltflmenti, to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said act, for the purpose of discharging moneys due and owing on the credit of such rates or dfeffments, as the said sum of one hundred pounds shall bear to the whole fan bow doe and owing on the credit of the same rates or assessments.

kcaritfei may be transferred in the following form, viz.

T Do transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the principal A and interest thftrsby fecared, unto C JD. his executors, administrators, adassigns. In witness whereof haws hereunto set my hand, this day of*AB.

Witness J.F. Power

t

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84. [1178.

Power to borrow money at a lower interest, to discharge securities, interest. Committee to state accounts to the vestry twice a ye at ladyday and Michael mas, or in a month after. Poor's rates may inspected by an order from the committee Vestrymen may prevent t paaage of carriages in maddox street and mill street during divine fen on Sundays and holidays. Penalty on persons occasioning annoyance*' carriages.in the streets 5s. and hories, Scc. may be seized See, Pena on persons occasioning other annoyances, and not removing the same, and not lese than sand materials, C may be seized. Penalty if ( noyances are continued after notice for their removal, toe. for every j fence. No hoards to be erected without licence from the surveyor*grant the same on application. Hoards to be made agreeable to j licence, under a penalty for every twelve hours sos. and not lese than; Materials may be seized, and if the penalty is not paid in five days may iold* ffenalty on sifting lime, except in the hoards, 40 s. Penalty I driving carriages, con the foot pavements, xos. for the first offefl so a. for the second offence, and 40 s. for the third, or other offence, i fur default of payment offender may be committed for ten days, and i left than three days. Scavengers not to sweep dirt into common few See, on penalty or 10s. one moiety to the person who apprehends the fender, and on nonpayment the offender to be committed to hard labs for a month, and not lese than seven days Directing the 'times for emp ing boghouses, and laying the soil, between twelve o'clock at night five in the morning from Michaelmas toxady day, and rill four in I morning the other half year the offender may be committed to b labour for a month, and not lese than ten days, and the committee m reward the apprehender with not more than sos. to be paid out of t rates If water*pipes belonging to water companies shall burst, the see and the pavement opened on account thereof, to be repaired by their p vior on notice given Penalty on default 5l. On the bursting of water pipes not belonging to water companies, the same, and the pavement opened on account thereof, to be repaired, under a penalty for default 51. For relaying the pavement in a certain time after being taken of for the purpose of amending the pipes. Sec, two days after noriee, and if it fails m four months to be repaired on two days notice. If no pavior to the water company, the notice to be given to their derk* On default, northeast gucf, or refulai to repair the water pipes, and the pavement opened os account thereof, the committee to cause it to be done, and may recover the expeace from the company, or person who fitall have negtoftted or refuted. Commissioners of sewers to repair drains, Stc. or the committee may cause the same to be done. Expenoe to be paid by commiftoneri of fewer. The committee impoweredf to act as commissionen of seven. Streets, Sec. part of which are in Saint George's parish, and part in as adjoining parish, to be paved, cas usual Committee obtaining a verdict, defendant to pay treble Costs. No action to abate on the death or removal of the clerk. Expenses of the act to be paid out of the money arising by virtue thereof. Writings to be without stamps. dtrechsg the recovery and application of penalties by distress, on warrant of two juf tkes, and fele of goods, or in default the party may be committed to tbs house of correction for two months, or till penalty paid to the banker. Inhabitants to be allowed to give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders, according to this form of conviction, viz.

City nd libtry f Westminder, twit.

BE

it remembered, That on the

of

reign of his Majesty before

iij

in the year of the

A.B. is confided of his Majesty's jufficci of the peace for the said city and liberty, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the and specify the offence and tbf time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.]

Given under pur hfnds and feali, the day and year afaeftkl

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 85.

Wheft not deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be (jotted for want of form. See. Plaintiff fbafl not recover if sufficient a mods tendered before action be brought. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Placet exempted out of this act, viz. Berkeley Sooare, Grosvenor Square, and tito streets adjoining, directed to be paved, te. by 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. or by 14 Geo. 3. c. 51 that part of Piccadilly, from clerges street to Hyde Park corner, and from the Sooth end of park lane to the north end of hertford street, and all the parish of Saint George, under any turnpike aft) or which hath not been rated by the parochial committee, (except Old Bond Street, New Bond Street, blcto bria Street, and part of Stafford Street) Streets, C belonging to pa beet exempted. That Mr. pitt's house and courts yard shall for the fu. tore be rated to Saint George's paruh. Inhabitants charged under this act to be exempted from the office of scavenger, and the hanging out lights, and returns of annoyance jurors on account of defective pavements, See. And acts of m and 3 Will. and Mary, and 19 Geo. . and all other acts. To far as they rtlate to those matters, within the limit of this act, repealed. The proportion of the falariet of the officers to the commissioners for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, from the 15th of Jane next to cease, and not to be charged to any other parish j but the committee under this act to pay their proportion of the of expellees, for two years from the same time, so long as the other parishes are habile thereto. Limitation of actions not till after*1 days notice to the vetry or clerk, nor after six months, and to be laid in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public act.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for the improvement of Portman Square, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Reciting that the hon. William Portman, being seized of Portman Square, did demise the buildings, See. to William Baker, for years which will ex pue at Lady, ><63 j and by theleafes a relit of 3*1. ns. id. per annum vas provided for lighting, painting, and repairing the enclosed part, which having been enlarged, the said relit was not sufficient therefore. Boo. William Portman, his heirs and assigns; Peter William Baker, 'his executors, administrators, and assigns; and John Elwes, esquires, together with all the occupiers or inhabitants appointed trustees, who are to aieet as they think proper, on seven days notice. Women inhabitants may sft is trustees by proxy of any other trustee. Tntftees may appoint officers; and allow them salaries. Three trustees to be a quorum. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Power of fencing and embellishing the garden veiled in trustees. Nothing in the act shall alter the inheritance of the garden. Materials veiled in trustees. Penalty on damaging the iron rads, lamps, dec. for the first offence 40s. and not Ilfs than tos. for the fe cosd, or other offence, 3l. and not left than sos. and also to make fa ttfsftion for damages. For preventing annoyances, by laying dirt, landing with hackney coach or riding horses, Sec. to forfeit sos. Rates, C for the several purposes of the act twice, or oftener, every year, up oq all inhabitants of houses and premises built, or to be built, encompalt ing or abutting upon the said fqoare, and also of all houses built, or to be bmtt, in the four angles or corners of the several streets leading into the fcadkjoare, not to exceed 6d. in the pound per annum. Empty houses to bt exemptecttrota tyre rate during their being unoccupied. Houses let to ambassadors shall be paid by the proprietors, or the first, or other te fiaat, to be deducted out of relit. Premises within the limits of the act, which are rated jointly with others, may be rated in proportion. Appeal to quarter sessions. Lessees, See. subject to the payment of rates of houset let to lodgers. Persons occupying separate apartments liable to pay rates, who may deduct the same from their next relit. Persons removing, and others (oocteduig them, to pay due proportions, to be settled by two

justiesn.

m

Anna rjcfsimo gporfinul c^86. [ 17*.

{oitices* Commencement ofthq from the a#tb w June, 171*! the first payment to be on the sqfcb of September, ad rates payable 41 terly. Peter William Baker, esq j to pay the balance of the airnoal r and afterwards the wh>te of the relit, to the troa furer of (be trusteetf. stall be difrlurged from ufea thereof ^of the tetd tab. Trustcos rmmy borrow not more than i, qcol. on annuities payable half pearly. To law deemed personal estate, and not subject to twees; or may borrow the f at interest, if they think fit; and may align the rater as a bounty tice tq Ije given previous to raising of money, ibqitfl*n days in the f Qaactte, or other newlpapsr. setwrttk* to be Cttpred inboobs, of rates if refuied or negte&ed to be paid, or that the party re sells their goods to be recovered by distrtfr aside? entrant of two j and sold ip five days Treasurer and collector toaoeowat. Penalty default 5 f, and Aibjcft to action. Money paid by the tresaevr^o be tered in a book. Expence of this act to be paid oat of the first annoy raised. Writings may be without damps. Psnafciee and forfeitures trhm recovered by daftrefe, under warrant of a justice, and (ajeofgoodai tole

applied for the purposes of this act; and in default the offeadtr may be

hmnonl

committed for a month, and not left than seven days, if not paid not to be deemed unlawful for want of forok Proceeding not to

quashed far want of form, or be removed by Certiorari. Perione segsatv* yd may appeal to the quarter feffioru; giving ten day notice Lxnit lion of actions, mot till twenty one days notice to the clerk, or after threw

months Defendant may plead xthe general ifluo, and have treble eadt. Tb not tq affect any other act relative to the parish of Maryboae, and to be a public act.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for explaining and amending two acts, one made in the elwvewth,

and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for paving certain streets in the parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and for other pui^oses; and for extending the provisions of the said act to other parts of the said parishes, and allb for opening certain communications within the said pa rids of Saint George.

I

Recital of1 Geo. j. C IX and 17 Geo. j C % % Red Lion Street mid Queen's Head Alley, and the several other streets. See. in the paridf of 8t. John of Wapping, made or to be opened (except tbofo paved by the lad ad) and lo much of Wapping High Street as lies in the parish of St. George, and of St. Paul, Shad well, and so much of Old Gravel Lane as lies in the said parish of St. George, so far as the messuages, Sec. adjoining the said streets, See extend, and also the several streets, See. to be opened by an act; of this session, cap. 35. to be the district of the coinmuhoners under the hr ft recited act; and all the streets. See. in the parish of St. George, and those lying on the east side of Old Gravel Lane, and also the streets C to be opened by IX Geo. 3. c. 13. and to the extent of the rneffuagwe, dec. in or adjoining the same, to be the district of the comniftioners under the second recited act. Two undivided third parts of tenements in wap png High Street, in the pariftx of St. George, to be in Wap ping district, the remaining third part in St. George's district. Messuages, C lying behind those pulled down, or built in their room, to be in the district where the others Hood. Powers of former as extended to this act. Power to anile money as directed by former acts. Streets, dec. to be paved, viz. ta the first district so muoh of Nightingale Lane at lies in St. John's, Wap ping, Church Street, Upper Gun Alley, Upper Weil Alley, and the ftmetl to be opened by cap. 35. of this feftian; and in the other district, hutterfs Court, King Street, Charles Street, Ratcliff Street, west side of Blue Gate Tields, Prulbn's hund, Ship Street, Gould Street, Silver Street, Beall Street, prir.ce* Street, Fawften Fields, the avenue of Old Gravel Lane, Harrow Alley. Old Starch Yard, Seven Star Alley, Star and Garter Yard,

ficnmaifc Sttcct* 2kct'& stfxfif, Bed Strop and Bed Alley Raters e

made

Awe vidcfiroo secundo Georgii III. c. 67.

made hr paving street, &c. Annuities at iol. par cent, par ann. ?| the first distris to raise 3, 4001. in (be other diilrid 7, tool. An account to be kept in each district. Only 6d. in the pound for footways. Waste Unde. C belonging to the city of London, or Chris's* Bridewell, and St. thomas's hospitau not to be afieffid without the content of the go Tenors. Accounts for new d Ari to be kept fe par ate. No other streefti to he paved, but by the petition of two thirds of the houfohqlders* landu lords, or owners. Sue petition to be signed by tenants in 'pofltffioa for life or years, or agents of bodies corporate fastkienu Gommi (Owens ad tog under 17 Geo. 3. C.empowered to raise money for paying the ean cooes ef parang Red Lion Street, and..qjm#n's Head Alley. Rates to land charged on messuages and goods found therein. No tenant's gooda to be fobird tn Teles for any longer term than be ha occupied tb tufa. Notice of appeals in writing to he read in and Asad on church doors three dayw before, hearing complaints. Rates to be recovered against tenant or tandiffrfi by aluon* atwcftmioacr, nr no.iofetk>r court, if fos.or upward and if under, in the court of #equests* Uurb code, in the me of the collck*v or other per fan; the caraihififtentf*dballappoint, Nd action to be brought again ihfroollfdor but in the court of reqweft*, unlstefsr 40 * or upwards. No goods, bo let otjtiin the Aceets,

oonuaanicotioth to be opened, between Htrrokage Street and Virginia Strict, and between Hermitage Stoeftt and Bird strcft. aftd also between Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lano. No rate to be made; on the houses, &c. in or near (he opening between Old and New gttavej Lane till the same i mule, Sec. And William Stokes to be. drib paid 441. fof paring. All acts to be done by the major part of conuniftoetrs at wegtr Kg 1, if not less than five Expencee of this act to be paid (except 151.) ostof any money arising by 17 Geo. 3. C % % Limitation of actions for acting under this act, not till thirty days notice, nor after tender of amends or after six months. The defendant may piead the generftl issue, and have treble costs. To be a public act. 

"'cap. zxzxviv

An act for paving, and freeing from rtdrfapces and annoyances, the eve ral streets, ways, and places, within the parish of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the hamlet of Ratciiffe, within the said parish; and for making ways or streets into the street called rifby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a street called ropemaker's Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the said street called riiby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

When any commissioner dies, refuses to ad, or is declared a bankrupt, dr crafes to reside, or be owner of an estate within the limits of the act, or neglects to attend meetings for twelve months together, (except in cart of nckness, or other unavoidable cause) the other cortur.imoners to elect other in their room, on ten days notice, fixed on the church door of St. anne's church. Qualification of of, 50l. per ann. freehold or copyhold, or i.coot. personal eftare. Penalty on acting if not qualified 501. Commissioners to take the following oath.

IA. B do swear, (or, being of the people called Quakers, do affirm), that truly and bona fide am in my on right, or (if married) in the right of toy wise, in the actual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tepementt, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds above reprizes, or possessed of or entitled to personal estate to the amount of one thousand pounds, over and above payment of my debts.

So' help me 0 0 D.

V>. J.

Proceedings to be at public thfetings only. live to e afgidrum. Fjlft meeting of commissionkri thv

act.

tt

f'

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 87. [1782.

ft. If at any meeting a proper number do not attend, the derk me appoint another meeting, airing six daft notice' fixed to the church do In case of the derk* death, see. meetings may be appointed by two commissioner. Commissionert to bear their own ex pern*. No person cape ble to act who holds any place of profit, see. Commissioners may appoifl officer, and allow them ialariea. Officers to give security j and to accoue on oath. Money in hand, books, see. to be delivered up on demand, an In case of retnfal for twenty-four hoars actions may be brought, or at complaint a justice may grant a warrant to proceed by distress and fall On failure of distress, see. offender to be committed till payment, or fa six months. On death of officers, see. executors to account. In case I nonpayment, actions may be brought against executors, see. Penalty o officers taking any reward other than their salaries, or being concerns in any contract, tool. New carriage and foot ways from Queen Strm Into the street allied rifby's Rope Ground, and through or cross Should! of Mutton Alky into Fore Street, and from thence through a street calk Ropemaker's Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in Riibv'

1 Rope Ground aerofe certain lands into Three Colt Street. Persons mm Incapacities empowered to sell and convey lands, see. In case of refofel I treat, a jury shall be summoned. Jurymen may be challenged. Whmfe to be examined upon oath. Jury to afiefs the value of lands, see. and di mages. Verdict of jury, see. to be final. Upon payment of the sums af sessed, lands, see. to his conveyed to the of On failure Hr making out a good title, or in executing conveyances, the money to be paid into the mink, see. Judgements to be registered. Immediately after verdict, decrees, see. and payment! lands, see. vetted in the comtmffion* era. At the reoueft of the parties, purchase money may be placed in tbs funds. Persons infilled to toe mesne profits to recave the dividend!, la case of nonpayment, the verdict, See. not binding. Purchase moneys maybe laid out in lands, see. for the former uses. Conveyances to be legal, notwithstanding want of title. Claims to be made in five years, or the of to be quieted In possession. Persons barred may bring actions for moneys received for their use. Tenants at will, and (eflees for a year, to quit. Mortgagees required to assign mortgages, on payment of principal and interest, see. In case of refusal, money to be paid into the bank. All sums paid to be chargeable on moneys raised for making the said openings according to this act. Penalty on sheriffs, jurymen, C neglecting their duty, a fine of 10l. Overplus ground may be sold. commissioner empowered to pave the streets, see. at present built within the parish of St. Anne Limehouse, and also Queen Street and London Street, and the said ways intended to be made, and to remove annoyance. Commissioners may sell the old materials. Any person repairing pavement, other than tnofe employed by the of, or ooftruoing the work, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials vested in the of Pavement may be taken up for repairing water pipes, see. Fencing in and lighting the ground, and giving notice thereof with in six hours after finished to the of paviour, on penalty of 40s. and be is to proceed in one day after to pave the same on penalty of 40 s. Commissioners may contract for paving pipe trenches. Chtrges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by persons occasioning the damage. Paviours to the water companies to give notice to the comimfliooert* clerk of their names and places of abode, on penalty of sos. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Pipes broken, not fa longing to the company whose paviour shall open such ground, to be paid for his trouble by the proprietor of such pipes. Proprietors of ruiaoas drams to repair them andf in case of default, the of to repair them at the proprietors expense. Commissioners of fewer to be mo snoned when any repair of fewer, see. is wanted. Penalty on laying goods, see. in the streets; or obstructing the same by carriages, 40s. Carriages and things causing obstructions may be seized. Penalty on driving wheel barrows, see. on the foot pavements, 10 s. Hoards may be erected for building or repairing houses. Inhabitants to sweep the foat pttfa kttwtn seven and nine o'clock every day on penalty of 51. Horn to

fa

*93

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

be nambered, and names of streets, Sec. to be fixed on the corner houset. Penalty on defacing such numbers, C 51. Projections, See, to be removed oa penalty of 51, and also so s. a week during continuance. Rates to bemsae when the streets. Sec. are ordered to be paved (which is to be proceeded in within three months, and completed in reasonable time) not acceding 1 s. 6 d. in the pound yearly, to be paid quarterly or oftener. For proportioning the rates, one third to be paid by the proprietor, and allowed out of relit. Tenants of divided houses to pay the rates. The new streets to be paved out of the moneys collected within the same only. Rates to be signed by two justices. If tenants refuse to pay, rates may be recovered by distress and sale, by warrant of two justices. If no distress can be found, the party to be committed for three months, nor left than one month, or till payment with colts. All persons in arfear may be comprised in one warrant, or schedule thereto. Places of public worship, C shall be rated at 6 d. a year for every square yard of pavement lying in the front of such premises to be measured to the middle line of the street. Such rates shall be paid, for every church and churchyard by the churchwardens, for every piece of vacant ground by the proprietor, for every netting house by the proprietor, trurcees, Sec, and for every hospital, pri fos, or other public building by the treasurer. Sec, to be recovered by acton at Westminster, or in the court of requests for the tower hamlets, if undergo s. with costs, in the name of the collector, or as the commission en shall appoint. Waste or vacant ground to be fenced in at the expense of the owner. Occupiers quitting tenements, Scc. without paying rates, may be followed. Persons paying these rates, exempted from all other expenses of paving. Agreements between landlord and tenant not vacated. If collectors become insolvent, the money to be again assessed. Commissioners may borrow money at interest, or raise money by sale of annuities at 10l. percent, and not more than 5, 0001. in the whole. Profile, for Three Colt Street not more than 6001. Commissioners may order repayment of moneys borrowed at interest, C Annuities, Scc. may be assigned. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. When annul ties cease by death, other annuities may be sold. Expenses of this act to be paid oat of the first money raised by virtue of this act, and divided, proportioned and charged upon the streets, C already built, and on those intended, when built, as the of shall determine; and any period advancing money for the above purpose, to have full interest. for making of a general account of receipts and disbursements yearly in the month of June. Penalties may be mitigated to not left than a moiety. Commissioners who are justices may act in any appeal, cas any other justices j and bring a ft ions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the leflions; giving si days nonce. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and late of toe offender's goods, by warrant from a justice, to be applied for the purposes of the act, and on nonpayment, and no distress, the party may be committed for three months, and not less than 14 days, unless paid with costs in the mean time. Commissioners may reward informers. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book to be signed by the clerk, to be deemed original orders, and may be given in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions for acting under this at, not till zo days notice to the clerk, or after satisfaction, or tender of amends, or after three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give this act and the specisl matter in evidence, and have treble costs. This to be a public act.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

k off to continue the term of an made in the twenty-fourth

jur of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so repairing and widening the road from Prejhn to Lanlhfttt\ Vol. XXXIV O and

194

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 89  ^93*.

[1782.

and from thence to a place called heiring fyke that divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland'.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parish of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said parish, to Perran ahnfhouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said parish, to Saint Agnes alms house, in the kid county.

CAP. XC.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in tie first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Cross, in the parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of Ter I, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

CAP. XCI.

An act to confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agreement entered into between the right honourable James earl of si lifbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several acts cf parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemnsford Mill, in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreement.

CAP. XCII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty third year of his late mojejlj, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Oakhampm, in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, mode in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act) for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to stain drop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road near Smallways, across the river Tees, to Winston, in the said county of Durham j and for building a bridge over the said river at or near Winston Ford.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 94  98.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aily made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leadenham Hill in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division of Kelbam and Mujkham lanes to Mansfield, and from south well to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the west side of Newark Bridge to the aid guide post.

CAP. XCV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the second year of his present Majesty y for a mending and widening the road from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the roads leading from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefpwen; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

---

CAP. XCVI.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate; and from the west end of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley; and from a place, called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross in Wolverhampton, to Cannock; in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his majesty King George the second, intituled An act for amending and widening the road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Wortley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through part of the ton of Tinsley, to the place where the same joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for continuing the term and altering the powers of an act of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from

196 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 99  103. [1782.

Dartford to Northfleet, end other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent; and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls arising upon the said roads, to the trustees for the care of the road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said county, to be applied for the purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

CAP. C.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from the Willersley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Field, to the turnpike road at Broad Heath; and from the turnpike road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at Grendon Green, in the counties of Hereford and Worcester.

CAP. CI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the county of Dorset; and for repairing the road leading from the parish of Warmwell, through the parishes of Poxwell and Osmington, to the church in the said parish of Osmington, in the said county of Dorset.

CAP. CII.

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent; and from Bacon's Water to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

CAP. CIII.

An act for reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford; and for amending

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 104  108. 197

and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road, leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said counties.

CAP. CIV.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the parish of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge, in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell, in the said county.

CAP. CV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the county of Chester.

CAP. CVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tarporley, in the county palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weverham, in the same county.

CAP. CVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the county of Chester; and also the road leading from Blithe Marsh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road, from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the district of road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the road from the end of Ashborne Churchyard to the top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

CAP. CVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty third year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county; so far as relates to such of the roads comprized in the said act as lie in the county of Hereford.

198 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 109  114. [1782.

CAP. CIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Wey Hill, in the county of southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CX.

An act to continue the term and alter the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of White Parish, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

CAP. CXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the town of Kirby Steven, to the town of Market Borough, in the said county,

CAP. CXII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called The Hardwicke, in the parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county Hereford.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in the county of Brecon; and also the road through Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the same county.

CAP. CXIV.

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, In the county of Sussex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 115, 116. 199

county of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said county of Kent; as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the term and powers of the said act with respect to the other roads therein contained.

CAP. CXV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the eleventh, twenty sixth, and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXVI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the second and eleventh years of his present Majesty's reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Blithe Marsh to the road leading from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same road to the road at or near Ruchill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXIV

