THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

Eighth Year of King William III.

TO THE

Second Year of Queen Anne.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq;

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

Eighth Year of King William III.

TO THE

Second Year of Queen Anne.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of ail the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. X.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Eighth Year of King William III. to the Second Year of Queen Anne.

Anno8 W. 3.	Gap. 8. For encouraging the brirtg-

Cap. i.Tj'OR the importing and	in	of	wrought plate to b«r

X7 coining guineas and half coined, guineas*	Gap.o.	Torcdofc thetnsrkct it5ww- .

Cap. 2. For the further remedying well Hall to the clothiers-, and for1 the illftate of the coin of the king- „ regulating the fa&ors there, dom.	Cap.	io.	To	enable the returns of ju-

Cap. 3* To explain that part of an	ries as formerly, until the first day

a a paffed the laft feflion of parlia-	of November, one thoufandfix hun-

ment, for laying feveral duties on ^red nfocty feven. low wines, and fpirits of the first Cap- ii, For the better preventing extraction, and for preventing the frivolous and vexatious fuits. frauds and abufes of brewers, di- Cap. 12. For continuing feveral ad-ftillers, and other persons charge- ditional impofitions upon feveral able with the duties of excife, which goods and merchandifes. relates to the payment of tallies. Cap. 13. For continuing feveral for-and the intereft thereof. "	' mer a#s for punifhing officers and

Cap. 4. To attaint Sir John Fenwick,	foldiers, who (hall mutiny or de-

bart. of high treafon.	fert h,s Majesty’s fervice, and for

Cap. 5. To attaint fuch, of the per-	ppnifhing falfe mufters, and for

fons concerned in the late horrid	payment of quarters, for one year

confpiracy to aflaffinate his Maje- longer.

fly’s royal person, who are fled from Cap. 14. For compleating the build-juftice, unlefs they render them-	in& an(l adorning, the cathedral

felves to juftice, and for continuing	church of St. Paul, London, and for

feveral others of the faid confpira-	repairing the collegiate church of

tors in cuftody.	St. Peter, mjiminjler.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to his Cap. 15, For repairing the highway Majesty, as well by a land tax, as	between Rugate in the county of

by feveral fubfidies and other duties,	Surrey x and Crawley in the county

payable for one year.	' °J Suffix*

Cap. 16. For enlarging common high-ways.

Amo 3 & 9 W 3.	Cap.	17.	For	paving and regulating

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty	the Hay-market in the parilhes of

feveral duties upon paper, vellum,	St. 'Marlin in the Fields, and St.

and parchment, to encourage the	James, within the liberty of fVeJiW

bringing of plate and hammered	minjler.	%

money into.the mints to be coihcd* Cap. 18. For relief of creditors, by \ Vo 1.. X.	i ,	making

Digitized by L. ooQle

A TABLE of the

i

making compofitions with their debtors, in cafe two thirds in number-and value do agree.

Cap. 19. For repealing a claufe in a former aft relating to party, guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abufes of brewers, and others, chargeable with the duties of 'excite.

Cap>'20. For making good the deficiencies of feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England^ and for railing the publick credit.

Cap. 21. For laying a duty upon leather, for the term of three years, and making other provifion for an-. fwering the deficiencies as well of the late duties upon coals and culm, as for paying the annuities upon the lottery, and for lives, charged on the tunnage of (hips, and the duties upon fait.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, fweets, cyder, and perry, as well . towards carrying on the war againft France, 3s for the neceffary expence of his Majeft/s houftiqld and other occafions.

Cap. 23. To enforce the aft for the increafe and encouragement of fea-men.

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage upon merchandizes imported, for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war again ft. France. Cap. 25. For licenfing hawkers and pedlars, for a further provifion for . payment of the intereft of the tranf-port debt for the reducing of Ire-• Iqnd.	_

Cap. 26. For the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of / this kingdom.

Cap. 27. For the more effectual relief of creditors in cases of escapes, and for preventing abuses in prisons, and pretended privileged places.

Cap. 28. For the better obfervation of the courfe anciently ufed in the receipt of Exchequer.

Cap. 29. Forthe repair of the piers of Bridlingtony alias Burlington, in the eaft riding of tfie county of Tort.

Cap. 30. For fupplying lome defefts in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom.

Cap. 31. For the eafier obtaining partitions of lands incoparcenary, joint tenancy, and tenancy in common.

Cap. 32. To reftrain the number and ill praftice of brokers and ftock jobbers.

Qzp. 33. To make perpetual and more effeftual an aft intituled. An all to prevent delays at the quarter fejfions of the peace.

Cap. 34. For leffening the duty upon tin and pewter exported, and granting an equivalent for the fame, by a duty upon drugs.

Cap. 35. For railing the militia for the year one thoufand fix" hundred ninety feven, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 36. For the further encouragement of tfie manufacture of luftrings^ and alamodes within this realm, and for the better preventing the importation of the fame, 7 -

Cap. 37. For explaining and enforcing the aft for paving and clean-fing the ftreets within the cities of London and Weftminjler, and borough of Southwark* and weekly bills of mortality, and ftreets adjoining thereunto; and for widening the ftrept at the fouth end of London Bridge

Private Alls.

Anno 8 W* 3.

1.	An act for naturalizing Frederic Chijiiaen de Rhode called lord Agh-ram, and others.

2.	An act for the fettlement of the

manor

Digitized by Google

-A TABLE statutes

maftor of Treyagoe in the edwnty of Hertford^ and other lands, late of Crompton Minors, efq; deceafed; a nd for railing and increafing of the portion of Theodofia Minors, the-daughter of the/aid Crompton, (he being an infant of the age of feven-teen years,

3.	An ad for veiling the manor of Holm, alias Eajlholm, and Swannage in the county of Dorfety part of the eftate of Sir John Hanham, baronet, in truftees, to be ibid for difchargmg a mortgage thereupon and upon the refidue ,of the faid Sir John Hanham's eftatje ; and for payment of his other debts.

4.	An ad for enabling Oliver New, of Great Wttchingham in the county of Norfolk, efq; to fell two houfes in London9 and for veiling other lands in the (aid county, pf greater value, to the fame ufcs*

Amo 8	9	W. 3.

5.	An ad for enabling James duke

- of Ormond to raife money by fale of

woods, and make leafes for lives, renewable for evec, for payment of

. debts, and for encouraging Englijh plantations in Ireland.	And for

Charles lord Weft on 9 earl of Arran in the kingdom of Ireland, to make leafes of his eftate in the (aid kingdom.

A. An ad for the exchange of certain advowfons between the bilhop of London and the earl of Nottingham.

-7. An ad for the fpeedy fatisfyingthe debts of Francis late lord Holies9 deceafed.

8.	An ad to enable Sir Ralph AJbton9 baronet, to fupply an omiflion of limitation intended in his marriage fettlement, for the benefit of his iffue male.

9.	An ad for the fale of the eftate of Francis Griffith, late of Lor\dony fcri-vener, deceafed, for payment of his debts,

10.	An ad for fettling the eftate of

Mary Servile, an infant Upon her marriage.

11.	An ad to enable the fale of lands, late of Jeffery' Stocily> in the county of Cbefter, deceafed, for payment of debts, and for making provifion for Mary his daughter.

12.	An ad for veiling certain mef-fuages, lands, and tenements, late

. of Charles Milfon, deceafed, in truftees, to fell for payment of debts and legacies, and lay out the fur-plus money in a purchafe of lands

.. for the ufe of Edward Mtlfony and his heirs, according to the will'd?

- the faid Charles Milfon.

13.	An ad to enable Nicholas Goodwin

: the elder, and Nicholas Goodwin the

younger, to fell the manor of Win* flow in the county of Bucks ^ and with the monies arifing thereby, and other monies to be advanced by the faid Nicholas Goodwin the elder, to purchafe lands of a greater yearly value, to be fettled to the fame ufes, as the faid manor is now fettled.

14.	An ad for the veiling of certain lands of William Milward, in the county of Hereford, clerk, in truftees, for payment of debts.

15.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Edward Kerrey efq; lying in Benoe* fton in the county of Salop, in tru-* dees, to difeharge incumbrances thereon, and to raife portions for younger children; and for confirming the marriage fettlement of the hid Edward Kerrey.

16.	An ad for veiling part of the eftate of Thomas Panton, efq; in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts, and fecaring a jointure to Mary his now wife.

*7. An ad for naturalizing of John Keyfer, and others.

18.	An ad to enable Edward Letgh9 efq; and Jane his wife, and their truftees, to fell the manors of Wax-ham and Horfey9 and certain lands and tenements in' the county of a 2	Norfolk,

Digitized by v^-ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

Norfolk, and to purchafe and fettle other lands to the fame ufes.

19.	An a6t for veiling and fettling certain eftates of William James, gent, in and upon truftees to be fold for the payment of debts, and making provision for himfelf, his

» wife, and their children,

20.	An a<ft for importing feveral goods and merchandifes laden in Turkey, on board the fhips called the Succefs, and Dragon galley paying cuftoms as if imported by Englijh (hips.

21.	An adl to enable William Fallows > an. infant, tQ fell an eftate in the county of Cheftery to pay debts fe-cured by mongages.

22.	An adl to fupply a defe6l in an

adt for enabling.Oliver Neve% efq; to fell two houfes in London, and for fettling lands in the county of Norfolk, of greater value,, to the fame ufes.	,

23.	An ad explaining a former ad of ' parliament, intituled, An act for \ enabling truftees to fell part of the

eftate Edmund Warner, dec'eafed,

* for payment of bis debts, and for pre-

*	ferving the reft for the benefit of bis heir.

^4. An ad for veiling part of the e-ftate of Roger Crozvle, efq; deceafed, in truftees, for raifing portions for his younger children, in regard he (beingalunatick) could not execute a power in his marriage fettlement

*	for that purpofe.

35.	An ad to veil certain lands, late or Samuel Trotman, efq; deceafed, lying in Barking, Eaftham, Weftham, and Woolwich, in the counties of Kent and EJJ'ex, in truftees, to be fold, and to fettle other lands in lieu thereof.

26. An ad for the fpeedy payment of the debts of Sir William Tbompfon, , knight, ferjeant at law.

1 27. An ad for annulling the marriage of Hannah Knight, an infant, and to dired the guardian&ip of the <faid infant*

28.	An ad for the enabling the fa 1# of the manor of Rowling in Kent, which by miftake was by general words comprifed in the marriage fettlement of William Hammond, gent, contrary to the meaning of the parties.

Anno 9 W. 3.

Cap. 1. Againft correfponding with the late King James and his adherents.

Cap. 2. To prevent the further cur-j rency of any hammered filver coin . of this kingdom, and for recoining \ fuch as is now in being;, and for the making out new Exchequer bills, where the former bills are or (hall be filled up by indorfements. Cap. 3. To give further time for the * adminiftring of oaths relating to tallies and orders, and for the ea-fier difpatch of the publick bufinefs in the ExcheqfueT, and in the bank of England.

Cap. 4. For continuing the imprifon-ment of	Counter, and others,

for the late horrid confpiracy to af-faflinate the person of his facred Majesty.

Anno 9 £sT 10 W. 3.

Cap. 5. For fatisfying and difcharging the arrears of feveral annuities which incurred between the feventeenth day of May one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, and the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand fix huri-. dred ninety feven.

Cap. 6. That all retailers of fait (hall tell by weight.

Cap. 7. To prevent the throwing or firing of fquibs, fcrpents, and other fire-works.

Cap. 8. For explaining an a<5t made the laft feftion of parliament for granting to his Majesty certain du-« ties upon malt, mum, fweets, cyder, and perry.

Cap. 9. For rendring the laws more

effetfua*

Digitized by Google

TABLE of the STATUTES

. *ffeftual Tor preventing the importation of foreign bone-lace, lootn-laee* needle-work* point, and cut-work.

Cap. io. For granting to his Majesty the fum of one million four hun-* dred eighty four thoufand and fifteen pounds, one Hulling, eleven pence three farthings, for dilband-ing forces, paying Teamen, and other ufes therein mentioned. ,

Cap. ii» For explaining an act made the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for fupplying fome defeats in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom*

Cap. 12. For the enlarging, repairing, and preferving the bridge and key of the borough of Bridgewater,* in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty feveral duties upon coals and culm.

Cap. 14. For continuing the duties upon coffee, tea, and chocolate, and fpices, towards fatisfaction of the debt due for tranfport fervice for the reduction of Ireland.

Cap. 15. For determining differences by arbitration.

Cap, 16. To execute judgments and decrees, faved in a cjaufe in an act of the first year of the r$ign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for taking away the court holden before the prefident and council of the marches of Wales.

Cap. 17. For the better payment of inland bills of exchange.

Cap. 18. For repairing the highways from the town of Bird/ipp9 and the top of Griciley Hill, in the county of Gloucefer, to the city of Glou-cefler.

Cap. 19. For cleaning and making navigable the chanel from the Hithe at Colchefter, to Wivenhoe.

Cap. 20. To naturalize the children of fuch officers and foldiers, and others, the natural born fubjectsof this realm, who haye been bom abroad during the war* the parents

of fuch children having been in the fervice of this government.

Cap. 21. For the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminifhing the coin of this kingdom.	j

Cap. 22. To repeal an aft made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of Queen<.Elizabeth, intituled. An act to  refrain the excejftve making of malt, and to difcharge and vacate orders made by juftices of peacie, by virtue thereof, for reftraining malfters from making malt.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, towards raifing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, for the fervice of his Ma-jefty’s houlhold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Ma-jeftyVlife.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the time for purchafing certain eftates or inte-refts in feveral annuities therein mentioned.

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, further duties upon ftamped vellum, parchf-ment, and paper.

Cap. 26. To fettle the trade to Africa.

Cap. 27. For licenfing hawkers and pedlars, for a further provifion of intereft for the tranfport debt for reducing Ireland.	»

Cap. 28. For the exporting watches, fword hilts, and other manufactures of filver.

Cap. 29. To repeal the act made iji the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for relief of creditors, by making compofition with their debt-ors, in cafe two thirds in number and value do agree:	.	•

Cap. 30. For increafing his Majesty’s duties upon luftrings and alamodes.

Cap. ^1. For raifing the militia for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not , repaid 1

* 3	'	'	CaP- 34*

A TASLE of the STATUTES/

"Cap. 31. Far the more effectual fop-prefling of blalphemy and profane-

' nefs.

Cap. 33. To flop the coining of farthings and halfpence for one year.

Cap* 34. For the more orderly payment of the lottery tickets, noW payable out of certain additional duties of excife, and of other annuities lately payable Out of the tunnage duties.

.Cap, 3<. For preventing frauds and abufes in the charging, colleding, and paying the duties upon marriages, births, burials, batchelorS, and widowers.

Cap. 36. For the incteafe and pre-fervation of timber in the ATew Forejl in the county of Souihdmp-ton.

Cap. 37, For applying to the’ufe of his Majesty’s navy and ordnance, the overplus of the money and flores which Were provided for the building feven and twenty (hips of war.

•Cap. 38. For granting to his Majesty v an aid* by a quarterly poll, for one year.

Cap. 39. For fettling and adjufting the proportions of fine filver and filk, for the better making of filver and gold thread, and to prevent the abufes of wire-drawers.

Cap, 40. For the explanation and better execution Of former ads made againft traqfporting of wool, fullers earth, and fcouring clay.

Cap. 41. For the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majesty’s '"ftores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds, and abufes in paying Teamens wages.

C^p..42. For enlarging the time for regiftring of fhips, purfuant to the ad for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade,

Cap, 43. For the better encouragement of the royal luftring company, and the more effedual preventing

the fraudulent importation of lu=-‘firings and alamodes..

Cap. 44. For raking a fum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after thfe rate or eight pounds per centum per anhilm, and for fettling the tntdie to the Eaji Indies.	■

Cap. 45. For taking away half the duties impofed Oh glafs wards, and the whole duties latelylaid On ftOne and earthen wares, and tbbacei> pipds 5 and* for granting (in lieu thereof) new duties upon whale * fins, and Scotch lineni

Private A£is. .	.

Anno

'1. Art ad for veiling in Sydenham Bakery gent, an abfolute eftate of inheritance in fee-fimple, in a cer*-■ tain rent, meffuages, lands, and hereditaments^ in the county edf Devoriy and fecuring to Jobp Bdkery gent, and Henry Bakery an ififiint, c * nis fon, monies in lieu of their claims thereunto;	^

Anno 9 & 10 W. 3.

2.	An ad for enabling Simon lord bi* lhop of Elyy and his fucceffors* to leafe the manor hoXife and demefne lands of Downhamy in the ifle of Elyy and for confirming a leafe lately thereof made by the laid bi-fhop, and for clearing the faid bi-Ihop, and others, fromdilapidationi there,

3.	An ad to enable Sir Francis Guy-lony and dame Ifabella his wife, and their truftees, to fell the manor of Avenalh, and Other lands, in or near Qunthorpy in the county of Norfolky and for fettling other landi in lieu thereof.

4.	An ad for the naturalization of Gerard iMae/acker, and others. : -An ad to enable Rebecca Lajfelhy

' widow, to fell copyhold lands and houfes in Ealing in the county of Middlefexi

6. An

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

6.	An adt for vetting in truftees, to be fold, certain lands of George Farrington, efq; lying in the counties oiMddlej £* and Surrey (fettled upon the marriage of William Farrington, his nephew) and with the monies arifing thereby for purch*-fing of other lands in Lancajhire, where the ancient eftate of the family lies, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

7.	An act to  enable the truftees of WtUiam Knotty gent, and his wife, to fell a leafe of houfes in Bread-fireet, London, for payment of debts, and to fettle another eftate of better value in lieu thereof.

$. An act to  enable Thomas Kinnerfey, efq; an infant, to make a jointure and fettlement of his eftate.

9.	An act for naturalizing Dudley Ve-fey, an infant.

10- An act to  enable John Lewin to fell certain mefluages in Southwark, for payment of debts.

11.	An aft. for diffolving the marriage between Charles earl of Macclef-field, and Anne his wife, and to illegitimate the children of the faid Anne.

I2T. An act to  enable John lord bi-Ihop of Chichejler, to make lea-fes of certain houfes and grounds, belonging to the bilhoprick of Chi-s chejler, fituate in Chancery Lanty for a competent number of years.

13.	An act to  naturalize Charles May y efqj

14.	An act to  reftify a miftake in the' marriage fettlement of William Gar-diner ^ efq;

15.	An act to  enable certain truftees therein named, to make, renew, and fill up leafes of the eftate of Sir Copplejlon Warwick Bamfylde, during the minority of the faid Sir Copple-fion Warwick Bamfylde, and John Bamfylde his brother.

16.	An act for fettling the eftate of John Hall, a lunatick, fubjeft to a debt charged thereon.

17.	An act for erefting hofpkals, workhoufes, and houfes of correction, within the town and parifti of Creditor in the county of Devons and for the better relief of the poor there.

1-8. An act for erefting hofpitals, and workhoufes, within the town and parifh of Tiverton, in the county of Devon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereon

19.	An act for confirming and efta-bliftiing the adminiftration of the goods and chattels of Sir WilHam Godolphiny knight, deceafed.

20.	An act for the naturalizing of John Francis FauquireJ Jofepb Du-caffey and others.

21.	An act for the better enabling Sir Ralph Harey baronet, to make a jointure, and fettle his eftate, and raife portions and maintenances for his young children.

22.	An act for vefting in truftees, to be fold, certain lands of George Hewity efq; lying in the county of Middlefexy fettled upon his marriage, and with money arifing thereby, for purchafing other lands in Leicefter-Jhirgy where his eftate and feat fids, to be fettled to the lame ufes.

23.	An act for vefting in truftees, to be fold, for payment of the debts of Wriothcfley Baptijiy late earl of Gainjboroughy deceafed.

24.	An act to  annex the reftory of Whithorney in Herefordshire^ to the bilhoprick of Hereford.

25.	An act for the better fettling the feveral eftates of the right honourable John lord vifeount Lijburney in the kingdom of lrelandy and the lady vifeountefs Lijburney his wife.

26.	An act for fupplying a defeft in a conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turnery and Charles Turnery

. efq, his fon, for the more effeftual fecuring the fum of twelve thou-fand pounds, and intereft, upon their eftate.

27-An act for the vefting feveral a 4	lands.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A TABLE of the

lands,late belonging to Robert Smith, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for the payment of his debts.

£8. An act for vetting the manors of Baftwick and Laviles, in the county of Norfolk, part of the eftate of John yjioughton, ftq; in truftees, to be ♦/old for difcharging debts charged thereon, and for fettling another eftate in lieu thereof.

>9. An act to  enable Streynjbam Ma-Jler, efq; to fell lands in Kent, which were agreed to be fettled by his marriage articles, and to convey lands in Derbyjhire of a greater va* lue, to the fame ufes.

JJO. An act to  enable Paris Slaughter, William Druce, merchants, and dame Elizabeth Chapman, to import feveral bales of fine Italian thrown . filk into this kingdom.

31.	An act for fettling certain lands in EJfex on Thomas Burgh, efq; and

< his heirs, in lieu of other lands of greater value, conveyed by him, according to the decree and the will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceafed.

32.	An act for vetting certain cuftor mary meffuages and lands within the manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorfet (late the eftate of Thomas Datiis, gent, deceafed) in truftees, to*be (old for payment of debts.

33.	An act for erefting hofpitals and workhoufes, within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better imploying and maintaining the poor there.

34.	An act for erefting hofpitals and workhoufes, within the city of Hereford, for the better imploying and maintaining the poor there.

35.	An act to  reftify fome miftakes in an aft, intituled, An act to  enable John Lewin to fell certain meffuages in Southwark, for payment of debts.

36.	An aft fof vetting a moiety of K cerfain meffuages and lands in

Hackney, in the county of Middle-f&} fn frpftee5, for the beuftit of

statutes.

Sufanna Cary, widow and relift o? Nicholas Cary, efq; deceafed, and others.

37.	An act for erefting hofpitals, and workhoufes within the town of Col-chef er, in the cqunty of EJfex, for

i the better imploying and maintaining the poor thereof.

38.	An . aft to naturalize William Lloyd, efq; and others.

39.	An act to  confirm the fale of part of the eftate of Sir John Cburckilty knight, deceafed, for payment of his debts, purfuant to his laft will, and two decrees in chancery, for the performance thereof.

40.	An act for veiling the manor of Alveflon, and other lands therein mentioned, in the county of Ghu-cefers in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts, and other pur«-pofes therein mentioned.

41.	An act for confirming a leafe made by the lord bifhopof Wintony of a parcel of wafte ground in Al-verfock, in the county of Southampton, for the erefting of water works there, and for improving the fame.

42.	An act for fecuring the portions intended by Sir William Walter, baronet* deceafed, for his children by the lady Mary Walter, his feconci wife, and for preventing all doubts which might arife upon the con-ftruftion of the articles and will therein mentioned.

43.	An act for relief of the creditors of Edward Backwell, efq; deceafed.

44.	An act for vefting certain lands and hereditaments in Maidfone, and elfewhere in the county of Kent, in truftees for the benefit: of Diana Cecil, and her heirs,

45.	An act to  confirm a conveyance made by George Pitt, efq; and Others, of. the manors of Arrant, Prefon, and other lands in the county of Dorfet, to John Pitty gent, and the heirs male of his body.

46.	Ap aft fpr the better Supplying;

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

the town of Newcajlle upon Tine with fre(h water.

47.	An adt for eredting workhoufes, and houfes of correction,, in the town of Kingjion upon/ft//, for the imploymentand maintenance of the poor there.

48.	An adt for eredting workhoufes, and houfes of Correction in the town of Shaftjbury, and for the better imployment and maintenance of the poor.

49.	An adt for naturalizing of Peter Garon, and others,

50.	An adt for naturalizing Henry Reneu, and others.

51.	An adt that the fhips Panther, Gloucejler frigate, Scarborough, and HAntelope, (formerly taken as prizes, ;and condemned) may have freedom of trading as Englijb built (hips.

52.	An adt for giving leave to the fhip Maryland Merchant of Brijloly to arrive and import her lading into this kingdom.

53.	An adt that the (hips called Ruby Prize, and Plimouth, may have freedom of trading as Englijh built (hips.

54.	An adt for vefting a copperas-work, late part of the eftate of Robert Mafcall efq; deceafed, in tru-

, ftees, to be fold for payment of debts, and other charges thereupon.

55.	An adt for fale of three houfes in Swan Alley \nColeman~Jlreet, London, late of Jofeph Smith, deceafed, for payment of his debts, with which the fame houfes are chargeable.

56.	An adt to enable John Jenlyn merchant, to fell part.of his eftate, for payment of his debts.

57.	An adt to enable John flawkes gent, to fell lands in the county of Salop, for the payment of his debts.

58.	An adt to enable Humphry Wal-remd gent, to fell part of his eftate, for the making provifion for his eldeft foil, and Elizabeth his daugh-r ter (who are lunatick$) and pay-fnent of his debts, and raifmg por» pops for hi$ other children,

59.	An adt, to give leave to the (hfj*

Sally Rofe (formerly taken as prize) to arrive and import her lading, and to trade as an Englijh built (hip.	'

60.	An adt for vefting in Thomas Rogers gent, an abfolute eftate of inheritance in fee-fimple, in the manor of Wejlcourts manfton houfe, meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent; and fecuring to John Higgons gent, and Alice hjs wife, and for portions for Irene 1 Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cafar, monies in lieu of their claim* thereunto.

61.	An adt to enable truftees to make leafes, and grant copies, and receive the rents and profits of the eftates late of Sir Edward Wyndham baronet, deceafed, and Hopton Wyndham -efq; deceafed, during the minority of Sir William Wyndham baronet, for the intents and purpofes therein^ mentioned.

62.	An adt to enable Humphry Traf-ford efq; to raife four tboufand pounds upon his eftate, for payment of his debts.

Anno 10 W. 3.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to bis Majesty, for di(banding the army, and other neceffary occafions.

Cap. 2. To prevent the making or felling buttons made of cloth, ferge, drugget, or other (tuffs.

Cap. 3. To prohibit the exportation of any corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, hifeuit, or (larch, for one , year, from the tenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred nine* ty eight.

Anno 10 IS 11 W. 3.

Cap. 4. To prohibit theexcefiive distilling of fpirits and low wines from corn, and againft the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in diftillers.

Cap. 5.

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTE S.

Cap. 5. For the clearing, repairing, dren to take, eftates, as if bom in ' preferring, and maintaining the their fathers life-time. haven and piers of'Oreat Yarmouth Cap. 17. For fuppreffing of lotteries* in.the county of Norfolk.	Cap.	18.	For	taking off the remain*

Cap. 6. To enlarge the trade to Ruff a.,	ing duties upon glafs wares.

Cap. 7. For preventing irregular pro- Cap. 19. For making and keeping na-ceedings of (heriffs and other offi- vigable the rivers of Aire and Cal-cers, in making the returns of der, in the county of York.

, members chofen to fern in pariia- Gap. 20. Formakingand keeping the ment.	river	Trent*	in the counties of Lei-

Cap. 8. For making and keeping the. river Tone navigable from Bridge-water to Tdutiton, in the county of . Somrfet.

Cap. 9. For granting to his Majesty the fum of one million four hundred eighty four thoufand and fifteen pounds, one (hilling, eleven ' pence three farthings, for difbartd-. ing the army, providing for the navy, and for other neceffary occa-fions.

Cap.ro. To prevent the exportation ' bf wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the - kingdom of England.

Cap. 11. To enable fuch officers and . foldiers as have been in his Maje-fly’s fervice, during the late war, to exercife trades; and for officers to account with their foldiers.

Cap* 12. For raifing the militia for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, although the month’s f pay formerly advanced be not’ repaid.

Cap. 13. For the continuing the im*

. prifonment of	Counter, and

others, for the late horrid confpira-cy to afiafiinate his facred Majesty. Cap. 14. For Jimiting certain times wjthin which writs of error (hall be brought for the reverfing fines, common recoveries, and ancient judgments.

Cap. 15. For continuing the a61 for the more eafy recovery of frtiall * tithes.

Cap. 16. Toenablepofthumousehil-

cejlery Derby Stafford navigable. Cap. 21. For laying further duties upon fweets, and for leflening the duties as well upon vinegar, as upon certain low wines and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported, and for the more ealy raifing the duties upon leather, arid . for charging cinders, and for permitting the importation of pearl afhes, and for preventing abufes in the brewing of beer arid ale, and frauds in importation of tobacco. Cap, 22. For the more, foil and effectual charging of the duties upon rock fait.

Cap. 23. For the better apprehending . profecuting, and punifhing of felons that commit burglary, houfe-breaking,or robbery, in fhops,ware-houfes, coach-houfes, or (tables, or that (leal horles.

Cap. 24. For making Billlngfgate a Tree market for fale of fifti.

Cap. 25. To encourage the trade to Newfoundland.

Cap. 26. For opening the ancient and making any new roynes and water-courfes in and near Sedgemore, in the county of Somerfet, for rendring the faid moor more healthful and profitable to the inhabitants.

Private Alls.

Anno 10 W. 3.

i.	An act for the more eafy and certain payment of the debts of Edward earl of Derwentwater, by fale of woods and timber \ and for enabling him to raiXe money for difchar^e of incumbrances upon -part of his cftate.	2*	An

Digitized by v^ooQle

ATABliE tiftte STATUTE?.

% An act for naturalizing Elizabeth Farewell.

3.	An act for namralizing Le-pell

4.	An act for naturalizing Bartholomew Ogilbyy. and others.

Anno 10 & 11	3.

5.	An act for the (hips Margaret, and Friendjbip, of Briftol, to trade as free (hips.

6.	An act to  naturalise James St. Pierre, John Denny, and Remond Henfiergh.

7.	An act to  naturalise Chariot da Si-fcr£, and Francis St. George.

8.	An act to  naturalise Willidm Lloyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd.

9.	An act to  naturalize John Meek*.

10.	An act for the relief of the creditors of Sir Robert Finer, knight and baronet, deceafed.

11.	An act for the naturalization of Tbeophilus Rabefiners, and others.

12.	Ah aft for enabling George Penn, efq; to fell lands for the payment of his debts, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

13.	An aft to. naturalize Philip de Cbenevix} and others.

J4. An act to  naturalize William Lower, William Darnel, and Peter Godly.

15.	An act for naturalizing Anthony

* Columbiere, and others.

16.	An act to  naturalize George Bur-net. v ,

17.	An act to  naturalize Mark Anthony Davejfeins de Moncall, and David Loches.

18.	An act for the naturalization of John Francis de Carcdfenet, and others.

19.	An act for naturalizing captain Thomas Brown, and others.

3o. An act to  naturalize John de Pbilipntau, Sieur de Montar glare, and others.

An act for naturalizing Peter Ba-totlleau, and others.

22. An act for the (hip Charles Ay* bott of Eneter^ to trade as a free (hip.

, 23/ An act to  naturalize Jfaac Goujr < quelte de St. Eloy.

-24. An act for fettling augmentations on certain vicarages for ever.

.25. An act for confirming of a grant and fettlementpiade by William For-Jler, efqj of divers manors and lands in the comity pilatine of Durham, and county or Northumberland^ to Thomas lord Fairfax, and others. Upon certain trims therein mentioned.	.vr

126. Anaft.for (ale of fame part of the eftate of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceafed, for payment of debts. . r

27.	An aft. to enable Edward Price, efq; to transfer a charge of one thoufand pounds; for the ufe of his younger children, from an eftate in the county of Montgomerys to an eftate in the county of Hereford and Radnor, ofbetter value.

28.	An act to  etiahle truftees to feil part of the eftate of George Scot,

, eftj; to pay debts, and mile' portions for his brother and.fitter, and .. to fettle other parts of his eftate.

29.	An act for fale of the eftate of

Dudley Vefey, in Hmtlejham, in'the county of Suffolk, for the payment of his debts.	j

30.	An act to  enable Robert Aldworth, and his wife, to fell their eftate In or near Wantage, in the county of Berks, for railing three hundred pounds for payment of his debts, and'for applying the? refidue of the money for purchafing feme other eftate for the foie ufe of his Urife • and children. .

3!. An act for the encouragement of a new invention by Thomas Savery, for tailing water, and occaftoning motion to all forts of mill-work* by the impellent force of fire.

aft to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others.

33.	An act for the falc of the manor of HalwiU, and Becket, in the county of Devon, the eftate of John Moor,

. for payment of debts.

34-An

Digitized by

Google

•& TAffL&of the STATUTES

34.	"An ad for veftingthe real eftate, late of Thomas Lafcels, efq; deceafed,

< in truflees, to be fold for the payment of his debts. ■	.	<

35.	An ad to enable John Toting y genf. - to fell lands for payment of debts

and legacies.

.36. Aaad to enable the town of Li-. verpool in the county palatine of , Lancajler, to build a church, and endow the fame, and for making the faid town and liberties there-of, a pafi(hof itfelf,:diftin6tfr6m ■.Walton*.

37.	An act to  enable Thomas Oieover, r gent fon1 and heir: apparent. of

•	Rowland* Oieover in the county of Stafford, efq; together with the faid Rowland Oieover, to make a join-

•	ture and fettlement upon the mar-, riage of the faid Thomas Okeover.

38.	An ad to enable Katharine Leeke,

’ ’ an infant under the age of one and

twenty^ years, to fettle and difpofe * of her eftate upon her marriage^ ; .39. An ad. for veiling certain lands of Sir Thomas Seyliard, baronet* in the county of Kent, in truftees, to .he fold for the payment of his lifters portions, charged thereon.

40.	An ad to enable Thomas Byde, efq; an infant ( with the confeot of his guardians and next relations) to make a contrad for the buying, in his mother’s jointure, and to fettle a fmall eftate in Great Amwell in the county of Hertford, and likewife for the fecuring and railing portions for Barbara Byde, lifter to the laid Thomas Byde, and for other purpofes

. in the ad mentioned. ,

41.	An ad for the lale of the manor of Lordington, alias Lurtington, and IVbitwey, and divers lands in the county of Suffex, and for laying

, out 5,000/. in purchaling other lands tp be fettled in lieu thereof.

42.	An ad to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, efq; to fell lands to pay debts, and to purchafe other lands adjoining to and formerly parcel of

: his manor.

43.	An adfor the veiling and fettling the eftate of Anne Bridges, an in-• fant, inBurmdas, alias the Summer Iflands, in America, in and upon . truftees,:to be fdld, and laying out the money arifing by fuch fale. in England, for the ufe of the laid Anne Bridges'* >

.44. An ad for the enabling Cyriat Weflyd, eSc# to fell fomepart of his eftate, which by articles upon his marriage was agreed to be fettled .upon his wjfe and children, and for fettling of other part of his eftate, of better value, to the fame ufes. -45. An ad for the (hips Hawk and Rainbow to trade as Engltjh built Ihips.

.46. An ad to enable John Bully an infant, to fell his lands in Kent for the payment of debts and annuities charged thereon, and for provihon . for younger children.

47.	An ad for enabling the furviving truftees of Sir William Pulteney, knight, deceafed, to make leafes for the railing of monies, for the payment of his fon William Pulteney'i debts, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

48.	An ad to enable Popbam Conway, Francis Seymour, and Charles Seymour, efquires, and their ifliie mate feverally and fucceffively, to make leafes of their eftates.

49.	An ad for fale of the eftate of

Zenebia Hough, for the payment q£ the debts of her hulband, and other ufes.	>

'50. An ad to enable the Ihip Hope ( of £reat length, and very fervice-able for bringing mads into this i kingdom) to trade as an Engtifb built Ihip.

51. An ad to enable William Wra-ford, gent, and dame Anne Rich3 widow, to make leafes of houfes, and ground in Covent Garden, late the eftate of John Athy, citizen and haberdalher‘of London.

5a. An ad for fale of the manor of

Doyonham

\

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES1.

Downham in the county of EJfex (the eftate of Sir Francis Andrews) and for buying and fettling other lands to the feme ufes.

53.	An adfc to difcharge the (hips King William, and Charles the Second,

I * from the penalties of the a& of na-, vigation.

54.	An act to  enable Thomas Meth-wold, efq; to raife the fum of 1200 /. upon his eftate, by himriaidoUt in improving the fame.

J5* An ad forfeilingdivers freehold and leafehold homes, the eftate of Thomas Cowjhde, an infant, and others, to difcharge a mortgage, and to purcKafe other lands to be fettled to the like ufes.

j6. An act for naturalizing Augufline Cloribus, and others.

57.	An ad for naturalizing Samuel Bcrnardeau,Peter Chantree desGaul dree, and others, private gentlemen belonging to his Majesty’s three troops qi guards and grenadiers.

58.	An act to  naturalize Richard Leggy and others.

59.	An act to  naturalize Sir David Collier, Ifaac la Meitnere, Peter de Belcajlle, and William Reiatore.

Anno 11 W\ 3.

Cap. 1. For taking away the bounty money, for exporting corn, from the ninth of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred.

Anno ii'GP 12	3.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty, by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England) for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 3. For laying further duties upon wrought filks, muflins, and feme other commodities of the Eajl In-dies, and for enlarging the time for

I

1

: purchafing certain reverfion^fiy . nuities therein mentioned.

Qap. 4. For the further ptfeventin^

-	the growth of popery.

Cap. 5. For the repair of Dover har^> bour.	-r	•

Cap. 6. To enable his Majesty^ natural-born fubjefts to . inherit d\e eftate of their anceftors, eithef li-

-	neal or collateral, notwithstanding their father and mother were aliens.

Cap. 7. For the more effeftual fup* preflion of piracy,	[	.

Cap^8. For the appwnting commiO . fioners to take^ examine, and'determine the debts due to the army, navy, andior tranfport fervicc 5 and , alfo an account of the prizes taken . during the.late war.	<	,	0

Cap. 9. For preventing of frivolous • and vexatious ifuits in the principal . lity of Wales, and the counties pa-v latine.	...	.	.	;ot

Cap. 10. For the more effedual employing the poor, by encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom. Cap. 11, To repeal an’aft made?in

-	the ninth year of his A/fajefty’s reign, intituled, An act for rendring

v the laws mote effectual for preventing the importation of foreign bone lace, loom lace, needle work, point, and cut work, three months after the prohibition of the woollen manufac- ; tures \n Flanders (hall be taken off. Cap. 12. To punilh governors ;of f plantations in this kingdom, foV crimes by them committed in the : plantations.	/

Cap. 13. Fpr continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the aft, intituled, An act to  prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms ^Ireland and England in-to foreign parts, and for the encou-t ragement of the woollen manufacture* in the kingdom ^England.

Cap. 14. For railing the militia for , the year one thoufand feven hundred, although thfcmonth’s payfpr-merly advanced he not repaid.

Cap. 15.

\

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTE A

Cap. «• For the afeertaining tjic meamres for mailing ale and beer, ^ap. u6. For the better afeertaining5 the tithes of hep»p and flax.

Cap. 17. To preyent difpute? that may arife by officers, and members rof edrporations, havingnegleded ito fign the affaciation, and taken ; ithe oaths in due time.

£ap. j8. For the more effedual pu-, nilhing of vagrants, and fending ► them whither-by liw they ought to be fent.

Cap. 1:9. Toieiiablp: juftices of peacd to build and repair gaols in their , refpcdlive countieiv ; •. : 1 Cap; ad For taking away the duties . upon..the ^woollen .manufactures, corn, grain, bread,bifcuk, and meal ? exported.	.	->

Cap. 21. For the explanationand bet-ter execution of former ads made touching watermen, and .wherry-men, rowing on the’sivocofTbamesj , and for the better ordering and go-. veming the faid watermen, wherry-men, and lightermen upon the faid river, between Gravefendznd Wind-for.

Cap. 22. For making the river Lark, f alias Burne, navigable.

Cap. 23. For the better preferving

*	the navigation of the rivers Avon, and Froome, and for cleanfing, pav-

. ing^ and enlightning the ftreets of the city of Briflol.

Cap. 24. To enable the mayor and citizens of the city of Cbejler to re^ cover and preferve the navigation « upon the river Dee.

Private Ails.

Anno 11 W. 3.

if An ad to enable Thomas Noble

*	gent* to fell the undivided third part of the manor of Foxton in the County of Leicejler, when he (hall

- have tettled lands (an entire eftate)

*	of a greater value to the fame ufe6.

Anno 11 & 12	3*

2.	An ad;to diflolve the duke of Norfolk’s marriage with the lady M$ry Mordant, and to enable him to ry again.

3* An ad for the better enabling Anne Baldwin, widow, to fell a capital ’ raeffuage and tends called Wiltons>

. and other lands in the copnty of Bucks, devifed by her hu&aod's Will.	r;

4.	An ad far continuing the govern-

. or and company of merch&ots. of i London, trading to the Baft Indies, a . torporation.	,

5.	An .ad for rectifying a miftakc: in the marriage fettlernent of Thomas Ijopwodgcxit. on Elizabeth his wife, in order to railfe portions for youog-er children, and to pay debts.

6.	An ad for the more fpeedy payment of the debts of John Clobfry cfq; deceafed, and for the railing portions and maintenance^ for ills

, children. .

7.	An ad to enable Thomas May gent, to fell lands in the county of Suf* folk, which were fettled upon his marriage, and to convey other lands in tile fame county, of a greater value, to the fame ufes.

8.	An ad for* veiling the real eftate of Jofeph Gardiner and Sarahhte wife, late the eftate of William Ridges eiq; deceafed, in truftees, to be ibid for payment of the debts and legacies therein mentioned, and for applying the refidue of the iptmey upon the trufts therein fpecified.

9.	An ad for (ale of feveral weftern manors, and lands, the. eftate 6f Arthur Lacy cfq; for difeharging a mortgage thereupon, and for laying out the furplus monies in the purchafe of demefne lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

10.	An ad for veiling the manor of Exton, and other lands in the county of Somerfet, late the eftate of

* Thomas Styerfin e% deceafed, in

truftees,

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

truftees to be fold for payment of debts.

11.	An ad for the.fpeedy and effectual making a convenient way out of Chancery Lane to Lincoln's Inn Fields, and places adjacent. .

12.	An ad for fettling of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, late of Robert Mere field and John Mere* fields efquires, dpceafed, and for afeertaining the proportions between the widow of the faid Robert, and his furviving children.

13.	An ad for the fettling all differ-encesconcerning dame Mary Bond\ will, and for performing the fame.,

*4. An ad for charging the eftate of Sir Thomas Robinfon, baronet, with feven thogfand pounds, for the portion of Anne his After; and for fettling her eftate upon, the faid Sir Thomas Robinfon, in lieu thereof.

I j. An ad for confirming a leafe and certain indentures between the city of Norwich, and Richard Barry,efq; George Sorocold, gent, and James Soame, merchant, and for enlightening the ftreets of the faid city.

16..	An ad for fettling the eftate of Catharine-FitzgeraldFillers, and railing of money for payment of debts, and better fecuring the portions of her five younger children by Edward Fitzgerald Fillers, efq; her late hufband.

17.	An ad to enablt Edward Manfcll . efq; to mortgage or fell the impropriate redories of Llanriddian, and Penrice, for payment of debts, and

, railing portions for younger children, and for fettling the manor of Henleys, and other lands, of more value.

18.	An ad for the felling the rever-fion and inheritance of the farm .of Nethercott in the county of Oxen, for payment of the debts and legacies of George Harrifon% elq; deceafed.

19.	An ad for veiling certain lands and tenements of Sir Jofiah Child,

baronet, deceafed, in truftees, for the better performance of certain covenants entered into by the faid Sir Jofiah Child, upon the marriage of his eldeft fon with the daughter of Sir Thomas Cooke, knight*

20.	An ad to fupply the lofe of cer-tain indentures of leafe, and re-leafe, heretofore made by Philip Holman, elq; deceafed, to George Holman his fon, now alfo deceafed.

21.	An ad to enable Henry Butler^ efq; to make1 leafe of part of his eftate in Lancajhire, for difdiarjge of incumbrances thereupon. t

22.	An ad for veiling part of the

eftate of Tljomas Cewper, of the city of Chefier, efq; in truftees, for payment of debts.	"

23.	An ad for confirming the fate of the manor of StanfalL, and certain tenements in the county of Tori, made by Thomas Barlow, gent, and for fettling other lands of greater value to the fame ufes, and for veiling other lands and heredita*-ments in truftees, to be fold for purchafing other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

24.	An ad for felling the manor* of Fenham in the county of Noithum-berland, for the payment of the debts of Thomas Riddell, efq; and Edward Riddellr his fon, and raif-ing portions for the daughters of the faid Thomas Riddell.

25.	An ad for fale of part of the eftate of Charles Horey efq; for payment of his debts, for fettling other part in trull, for railing a portion and maintenance for Elizabcth h\s only daughter by his former wife, and for making a jointure for Mary his now wife, and for a pro--vifion for the children-by the faid Mary.

,26. An ad to enable Dalby Thomas, efq; to fell lands in IJUngton xn Mid-dlefixy fettled on his marriage by Dorothy his now wife, as part of her jointure, lie fettling another

eftate

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcftafe of equal or greater value in i lieu thereof. '

27. An act to  enable truftees to make fale of the inheritance of the . twelfth part of feveral manors, lands, and tenements of Bluet tVal-- lop, efq; during his minority, and . to purchafe other lands with the money to be raifed by fuch fale, v to be fettled for'the fame ufes, as . the laid twelfth part was fettled.

38. An act to  enable Leonard Wejfet,

: efq; to fell the manor of Acres-Fleet : in the county of EJfex, fettled on his marriage with Sarah his now f Wife, as part of her jointure, laying out the money arifing by fuch . fale. in purchafe ot other lanas.

29.	An act for taking the eftate in \ law, of feveral mefluages and lands, i mortgaged to Jeffery and Samuel . Howland^ and their heirs, out of . Wriothejly RuJJel, commonly called

lord marquis of Tavijlock, and his lady.

30.	An dft for confirming a leafe of a piece of ground from the reftor, and churchwardens of the parifh of St. Martin's Organ, London, for liberty to build a church thereon,

. for the worftiip and fervice of God in the French tongue, according to the ufage of the church of England'.

31.	An act for fale of the eftate of . Bryan Janfon, efq; deceafed, for

payment of debts, and provifion for his wife and children.

32.	An act for the fhip Martha of AQargam to trade as a free fhip.

33.	An act for the naturalizing Theodor* Jacobfpn, and others.

34.	An act for the naturalizing of Oliver D9 Hartcourt, and. others.

35.	An act for naturalizing John Burges, and others.

36.	An act for the naturalizing John . Richard, Jacob Dabbadie, and o-

thers.

37.	An act for naturalizing Francis Vandertyd, and Agneta Vandermerfch, Henry Lowman, and James Gabriel JLe Trefor.

38.	An act for rtaturalizing Ifdad Delagarde, John Batero, andothers*

Anno 11 £sf 13 W. y

Cap. 1* For the renewing the bills* of credit* commonly called Exche-* quer bills.

Cap. 2. For the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the. rights and liberties of the fubjeft. Cap. 3. For preventing any inconve-niencies that may happen byprivi-- lege 6f parliament*

Cap. 4. For appointing wardens and aflay-mafters, for aflaying wrought plate in the cities of York, Exeter9 Brijlol, Qhejler, and Norwich.

Cap. 5. For continuing a former a<5t to prevent falfe and double returns of members toferve in parliament. Cap. 6. For continuing the afts there -in mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern bor-, ders of England.

Cap. 7. For the better fettling and prelerving the library kept in the houfe at Wejlminjler, called Cotton-Houfe, in the name and family of the Cottons, for the benefit of the publick.

Cap. 8. For raifing the militia for one year, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid. Cap. 9. For the recovering, fecuring, and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehkad, for the benefit and fupport of the navigation apd trader of this kingdom.

Cap. 10. For granting an aid to his Majesty for defraying the expence of his navy, guards and garrifons, for one year, and for other neceffa-ry occafions.

Cap. 11. For granting to his Majesty feveral duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, and $ continuing feveral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices,

, and pictures, and certain impofi-tions upon hawkers,, pedlars, and

petty

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the

petty chapmen, and the duty of fifteen per cent, upon muflins, and for improving the duties upon japanned and lacquered goods, and for continuing the coinage duty, for the feveral terms and purpeles therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For appropriating three thou-fond feven hundred pounds weekly out of certain branches of excife, for publick ufes, and for making a provifion for thefervice-of his Ma-jefty’s houfhold and family, and o^-ther his neceflary octafions. 1 Cap. *13. To enable hra1 Majesty to • make leafes and copied of offices,

- lands, arid hereditaments* parcel of his duchy of Cornwall) or annexed to the fame; aftet tbt confirmation of leafes already made.

Private Aft$.

Anno 12 & i 3/^3.

1.	An act for the moie fpefedy payment of the creditors of Tames late duke of Ormond, and of the prefent duke of Ormond.

2.	An act to  enabft the tight honourable Elizabeth vifeountefs Bulkeley of Cajbels in the kingdom of Ireland, to fell certain lands in the county of Devon, and city and county of the cky of Exon, tor the payment of-debts.

3.	An act to  enable Robert, lord vif-count Kilmorey of the kingdom of Ireland', (being an infant) to fettle divers manors, lands, and hereditaments in the kingdom of England, upon a treaty of marriage.

4.	An act to  enable Sir Charles Bar-

1	rington, baronet, to fettle a jointure,

I and make provifion for his younger I children.

J j. An act to  enable Sir Robert War-Jham, knight and baronet, to dif-pofe of lands in Hertfordjbire, and to fettle other lands of better value in Ketity to the fame ufes as the lands in Hertfordjbire are fettled.

6.	An act for erefting hofpitals and

Vox,. X.

STATUTES.

workhoufes within the borough of King's Lynn in the county of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

7.	An act for erefting a court of re-queft or confcience in the city arid county of the city of Norwich, for * the recovery of fmall debts under forty (hillings*

8.	An act to  enable Stephen yertnyn to make provifion for his younger children, and for the advancement of his elded fon.

9.	An act for the veiling and fettling * certain manors and lands in South Ptckenham, and other , places in the Cottnty of Norfolk, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies arifing by fale thereof, in the put-' chafe of other lands to be fettled to fuch and the fame ufes as the faid manors and lands, fo to be vftted* are and (land fettled.

10.	An act for difeharging a mortgage upon the eftate of Peter Tre-vifa, efq; deccafed, and providing a maintenance for his widow and * children.

11.	An act for the more fpeedy payment of the debts of Chrlfopher KiU How, efq; and for the raifing portions and maintenance for his brothers and fillers, in purfuance of’ his father’s Swill.

12.	An act for Veiling the eftate of Humphry Hide, efq; deceafed, in truftees, for raifing portions for his younger children.

13.	An act for furnilhing the town ' of New Deale with frelh water.

14.	An act for yelling a mefluage and lands in Stevenage in the county of Hertford, the eftate of Richard Nodes, in truftees, to be fold for making a provifion for his wife and children, equal to the provifion fecured to them out of the faid eftate.

15.	An act for fale of the eftate of

William Davifon, efq; deceafed* for payment of debts, and raifing his b	childrens

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

childrens portions charged thereupon.

16.	An a6t for fcparating James earl of Anglefea from Katharine countefs of Anglefea his wife, for the cruelty of the faid earl.

17.	An ad for diflolving the marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

18.	An ad to diffolve the marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre, and to enable him to marry again.

19.	An ad for the veiling feyeral meffuages, lands, and tenements belonging to John Fauconer, efq; in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts.

20.	An ad for transferring a truft in f lands, belonging to the city of Lon-

don, unto new truftees.

21.	An ad for removing the county gaol of Hertford.

22.	An ad for the better perform- r ance of the laft will of Henry Apjly, ‘ efo; deceafed.

23.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Thomas Bennett late of Newton cum Larton, in the county of Chejler, in truftees, for the uli of the poor qf Weft Kirby, purfuant to the will of the faid Thomas Bennet.

24* An ad to enable William Vaughan, efq;<and Frances Vaughan, his in-

, tended wife (being both under the age of one and twenty years) to perform articles made for their mar-riage.

25.	An ad to change the furname of Ellis Mews, and his heirs, to the furname of St. John.

26.	An ad for making good the deficiency of the charges of making a way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields.

27.	An ad for declaring the will of Sir Jofeph Herne, knight, dated the five and twentieth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to be taken and efteemed the laft will of the faid Sir Jofeph Herne.

28.	An ad for naturalizing Jane

Bark/lead, widow, and veiling fe-veral mortgages and fecurities in her, to enable her to convey or aftign the fame. .	>-

29.	An ad for naturalizing Archibald Arthur, and enabling him to dif-pofe of his eftate.

30.	An ad for naturalizing Jacob Augu/le Pyngot, and others. .

31.	An ad for naturalizing Adrian Lofiand, and others.

32.	An ad to enable Sir Thomas Stanley, baronet, tQ charge certain ma-norsand lands in the county of Lan-cafter, with three hundred pounds, for payment of his fillers portions,

* and his debts.

33.	Ap ad for the fale of the eftate of James Dtane, and for fecqring .the monies raifed thereby for the benefit of himfelf and family, accord ing'to the fettlement thereof.

34.	An ad to enable Richard Bigg to charge part of his eftate in the county of Hertford and Bedford* with the payment of his debts.

35.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Bagruol, Daniel Senault, and others.

36.	An ad for naturalizing Gafper Cordofo, Herman Vantwedd, and others.

Anno 13 W. 3.

Cap. 1. For reviving and continuing an ad, intituled, An alt for the appointing commijfutners to' take, examine, and determine the debts due to the army, navy, and for tranfpcrt fervice, and alfo an account of the prizes taken during the late war.

Cap. 2. For punifhing of officers and foldiers, that fhall mutiny or defert in England or Ireland.

Cap. 3. For the attainder of the pretended prince of Wales qf high treafon. ^

Cap. 4. For continuing an ad, intituled, An all that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people called 6	quakers.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Quakers, Jhallit accepted inftiad* of an oath in the ufudl form.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty, by > laying duties upon^ molt, mum, cyder, and perry.

Cap. 6. For the further fecurity of his Majesty’s perfbn, and the fuc-ceffion of the CTOWnin theprotef-• tant line, and-for^ extinguilhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open 2nd fecret abet-: tors.

• ) i.K ' . • ■

Anno 1 Anna*

Cap. For the better fupport of her :■ Majesty’s houfhold, and of the . honour and dignity of the crown. Cap. 8. For explaining a claufe in an ad faade at; the parliament begun and holden at1 Wejiminjler^the two ; iand twentieth of November, in the feventh year of the reign of our

-	fovereign loWt King William the v- Third, inritulcd^^b aft fw the better fecurity ofhisMajefifi royal per-

-. fin and governments Cap. 9. For continuingthe ad made in the eighth vear of his late Ma-reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kihgdoim	*

Cap. 10. Tor taking^ ekamining and . ftating the pttblick: accounts of the kingdom. ,::r; t- '

Cap; iii For rtviyittg the ad,1 inti-: tuled,	fir.	exempting	apothe^

caries from ferving. the offices of ten-’ fbable^ fcavengen, and other parish and

-	ward offices rand from ferving upon

juries.	-

Cap. 12. For granting an aid to her

-	Majefty, by divers fubfidies and a

land tax. 1	v

Cap.13,. For making good deficienr ■ cies, and for preferring the publick credit. . .

Cap. 14. For enabling her Majtfty to appoint commiflioners to treat . for an union between, the kingdoms of England and Scotland. >

Cap. 15. To afcertain the Water* fnealure of fruit.

Cap. t6. For the enlarging and eh-.

Couraging the Greenland trade;

Cap. 17. For Continuing and amending the ad made in the ninth year* of his late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the fettling and ad* jujting the proportions of fine fiber and ftlk, and for the better making of gold andjilver 4hredd^ and to prevent the abufes of wire-drawers.

Cap, 18. To explain and alter* the a<5t made in the two and twentieth yeat of King Henry the Eighth, con- , cerning repairing and amending of bridges in the highways 5 and for : repealing an ad made in the twenty third year of Queen Elizabeth, for the re-edifyingof Cardiff's bridge

*	in the county of Glamorgan \ and alfo for changing the day of election of theI waMefns atrd ^flHtants

-- of Rochefier bridged Cap. 1^. For the rebuilding and r*e-: pairing the piers of the town and'

•	port of tykitbj, in the bounty of

York. ’	'

Cap* 20. Formakirig the river ZVr-went, in the county of York, navigable.	*

Cap. 21. For preventing frauds in the duties upon fait* and for the better payment of debentures at the cuftom-hemfe.

Cap. 22. To declare the alterations in the oath appointed to be taken ~ by the ad, intituled. An act for the further fecurity of his Majejlfs per-' fon+and the fucceffion of the crown in the proteftant line; and for extinguish* ing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders^ and their open andfecret abettors.; and for declaring the aflbciatioh to be determined.	:	i':

Cap* 23. For* raifing the miHria for the year one thpufand feven Hundred and two, riotwithftanding the 'month’s pay formerly advanced be npt repaid.

b 2	Cap.	24.

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the:STATUTES. -

Cap. 24. For the continuing the lent (heriffs in England and Wales,

. funtil the first day of Hilary tei;m next, unlefs her Majesty (hall think . fit to determine them Sooner.

Cap. 25. For the relief of poor pri-. foners for debt.

Cap. 26. For the relief of the mflfters of hoys, and other vcflels carrying

•	com, and other inland provifions, within the port oiLqndm.

Cap. 27. For the importation of fine

•	Italian thrown (ilk.	.

Cap- 28. For importingintoEngland thrown filk of the growth of Stcifyy ' from the port of Leghorne in Italy. Cap. 29. For the continuing the im-prifonment of	Countery and

others, for the horrid cortfpiracy

•	to affaffinate the person of his late facred Majesty King William the

. Third.

Cap. 30. Tppbjjge the Jpws to maintain and provide for their proteftant < children.	..

Cap. 31. For making more effedtial ^ the provifion put of. the. forfeited eftates in Ireland, for the building „«of churches, and.augmenting fmatt _ vicarages in Ireland,

Cap. 32. For the relief of the pro-, teftant purchafers of the forfeited ' eftates in Ireland.	;>

Private ARi

Anno'i Anna,

j. An ad to naturalize Charlotte, the wife of Hugh Bofcaweny efq;

2-	An ad for enabling Lionel eyl .of Orrery, in the kingdom of Ireland, by fale of certain lands, and tenements, to raife money for payment of his debts, and fettle other lands to the ufes and purpofes in this ad ' -mentioned.

3.	' Amadto enable the right honour-? able lady Henrietta Obrien, mother and guardian of the right honourable Henry earl of Thomcnd, an in-' fant, to make leafes of his sftats in

Ireland^ for the dlfohafgmg of incumbrances thereon, and of1 charge df 4000/. for his fitter's:portion. >

4.	An ad fort the belief of Frances countofs juft. %ytr€$nnelj\ rejid of Richard Jaf? fearl of Tyrconnel, oP

-	the kingdeip, <&<Irekhd.

5.	An ad for enabling Sir William Merediths barortety to fell part of a

•. capita} mefibage, lands, and hereditaments, herein tofter mentioned, fo Aft&ey irv the county X)f Chejfor9 he having fettled other lands and tenements in lieu thereof.

6.	An ad t& enable truftees to fell , Certain lands*;, tithes, add te&cP

tnents, far jthe tyayfoerit of the .debts of FrandsFUre/oyy efm<de-r -ceafedv ' - .* 1f*'■ ? ' A 7^ Art ad -fofc vetting* fevend mef-v fuagts, lands, afidrtendnenfv in.

the pariihof WhiUhurchs in fhe * county of €kefkry inrtroftees, to toe fold for paymgrtffltte incumbran-_ ces charged ttettoivand for other -•.ufes thercin\tMnti6h^. ^

8.	An ad to enable Warner L*eydHas i Warner W*muiytiamzY& a jointpri

. upon his tnwriage.

9.	An ad fomrtid fettling and vdftipg , divers manoiis and lands of Frdncis

Wightwicke, an infant, lying in the iMftpunty.of ^Staffiordirin truftees^ jrfcrtable them to fottfe and convey the fame, upon the marriage of she -1 feW. Fronds Wsghtwitkey to fqcir ^iifes, intents, arahpUcpofes, as (hall

-	be agreed upon.. : '

to. An ad for confirming the title . of Thomas Reft* genu to lands called RempJlone> and for fale of lands ■; 1 dalled Currants Courts in the courts i. ty of Darfet, ibr payment of the aebts of William Rofey gent, de-ccafed* and for fettling the manor of Cheddar Fitzwaters+ m the county of Somerfety with theoverpluson, the fale, on Mary Rofe, an infant, daughter of the faid Wiliam in lieu

-	of three thoufand pounds portion for the faid infanu

11.	An

Digitized by t^ooQle

$ T A11B of the S T A T U T E S,

ir. An act for cw#ppjng,a pyrchafo 20. An act for the relief of Thomas made by her iMfajefty, and an ex- ~ Zeigbtley efq; 'with relation to the* change between [per Majesty and forfeited eftates in Ireland\ the dean and canons of the Ring’s 21* An tQ enable Jeffery Palmer free chapel, within foe cajlle of efq; to fettle a jointure upon Eliza-Windforv :	•’	■	'	’	both his wife?

12.	An act for the fale px certain nja- 32. An act for the relief of Hannah

nors, and lands, of John late earl,of	Jtfac Donnelii with relation to the

Exeter, for payment of the debts, * forfeited eftates in Ireland'.

and performance pi .foe will of the $3* An act for the relief of captain, faid earL ;, :;Vt .. ,	. T	Thomas Be\lfwy with relation to the*

13. An act for veffing,. certain lands	forfeited eftates iIreland, .

and tenements oi, Montague earlof ifr An aft fpr the jelief of Edward N Abingdonr, In tfuftees,, to be fold,1 ‘Singleton efq^. with relation to foe and purchafing other lands of equal * forfeited eftates in Ireland. value, and‘ limiting the lands to be 2$, An aft Tor. veiling the eftates of Durchafed to the fame fifes, as the William Matthew gent, and Katha-lands to be fold are limited.	[ fine.his wife, jfi tfuftees, to be fold

14.	An act for relief of Dorothy ha- for the purpofes therein mentioned,

ronefs dowager of Upper Offory, and 26, An aft for. the. better government captain James Roche, with relation of the hofpital of Balfall in the to the Irijb forfeitures.	county of Warwick, founded by

15.	An act for the fale of the manor the lady Katharine JeveJ'on.

of Attingham, in the county of Sa- 27. An act for the relief of Nicholas lop, and fettling a farm called Selly	Bagenall efq; with relation to the

Hall, and a‘ moiety of the manor of	forfeited eftates in Ireland'

Temple Lawrnt, in the courjty of 28. An act for the relief of colonel / WorceJlerj' of better value, in lieu Henry Luttrell, with .relation to the thereof.	,	forfeited eftates in Jrfland.

16.	An act for charging the eftate 29* An act to  enable the dean and

late of William Adams, efq; deceaf- . -chapter of the cathedral church o£ ed, with portions and maintenan-	St.Peter in Exeter, and their farm-

ces for WUliam Adams, and Eliza-	ers and tenants, to make leafes of

beth AdamSy his younger children.	and in the manor of Culmjlock in

17.	An act for lale of part of the the county of Devon.

eftate of Stephen Soam, gent, and 30. An act for veiling in truftees the Dorothy his wife, and for applying	eftate late of Sir William Powell,

the monies raifed thereby for pay- , baronet, deceafed, for railing por-ment of his debts, and for the por-	tioqs for the younger children of

tions of Mary and William Soam,	Sir John Williams* and dame Mary

two of their younger children.	his wife (daughter, of the faid Sir

18.	An act to  enable Robert Appreece	William Powell) and to enable

the elder, and Robert Appreece the	William Williams, their eldeft fon,

younger, efquires, to raife money . to make a jointure to fuch wife as out of their eftate for payment of	he Ihall marry.

a debt due to her Majesty, and 31, An aft . for, veiling certain mef-other debts. .	* fuages and tenements in the coun-

19.	An act for confirming and Jjet-	ty of Bedford and JUiddlefex, in

tling of divers charitks,jgiven by	truftees, to be fold, and for, pur-

the lad will, of Job. Marjton, gent. " chafing lands or rents, to be fettled deceafed.	" to the fame ufes.

b 3	32. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES!

32.	An act for the niore effeftual fet-tlement of the eftate of John Stone of Baldwin Brightwell in the county of Oxford, elq; in his family and name.

33.	An act to  enable truftees to make fale of part of the eftate of Humphry Buryy for paying of a mortgage, and a portion charged thereupon.

34.	An act for erefting hofpitals and workhoufes within the town of

. Sudbury in the county of Suffolk, for the better imploying and main7 taining the poor thereof.

35.	An act to  veil feveral Jands riijd tenements, in the county of York) in truftees, to be fold for the raif-,

. ing of a portion for Henrietta Tern-pefly an infant,

36.	An act to  enable the truftees of James Hunt efq; deceafed, to fell timber, for the payment of his debts and legacies.

37.	An act to  enable Edward Manfell efq; to raife a further fum of one thoufand pounds on a mortgage of the impropriate reftory of Llanrid-dian9 for the payment of his debts.

3§. An act for enlarging the time for John lord Haverjham to make his claim before the truftees for the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

39.	An act for the relief of Sir Thomas Domville baronet, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

40.	An aft fpr the relief of Francis earl of Carlingford) and others, a-gainft levprai outlawries in the county of Tipperary in Ireland.

4. i* An act for making prpvifion for

n the proteftant children of the earl of Clqnriccard^ and the lord Bophin.

42.	An act for the relief of Thomas earl oil Limerick of the kingdom of Ireland^ and Eupfemiq countefs dowager of Limerick, with relation to the forfeitpd eftates in Ireland.

43.	An act to  enable Rebecca Wynd-

, 'bam to fell and difpofe of an eftate

late Sarah Vernons in the county

sfM : 7; :	■

44.	Ah aft to'enable the biftiop of Gloucefter9 arid his fucceflbrs, to make diftinft arid feparate leafes of the manors, lands, and premifles therein mehtlbned.

45.	An aft fpr the enabling Abraham Barnwell to. make a more ample fettlement of his eftate for the benefit of his family, arid to fell part thereof for railing portions for his younger children in his life time^ and for payment of hiis debts. ~

46.	An aft tor the better improvement of Suffolk Place in the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey.

47.	An act for fettling the eftate late of John and Robert Window, gent* deceafed, in thiftees, to be fold, and the purchafe-money applied to the ufes therein mentioned.

48.	An act for veiling the lands of Henry Pawlet) a lunatick, in traders, in order to make fuitable provifion for him, his next heir, and next relations.

49.	An act for the relief of Sir Edmund Everard, Peter Fagan, and the proteftant children of Sir Anthony Mullady, deceafed, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland. ^

^0. An act for the relief of William lord vifeount Mountjoy of the kingdom of Ireland) with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

51. An act for the relief of Robert Edgeworth) efq; with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

57. An act for veiling feveral lands

! in the counties of Surrey and Suffex9 the eftate of Mary Johnfon, wife of fVilliam Johnfon gent, in truftees, to be fold, for difeharging feveral mortgages and other debts charged upon the eftate of the laid William Johnfon) and fettling his eftate up-pn, the faid wife and her children by him, clear of incumbrances.

53. An act for enlarging the time for

' John Hill efq; and his wife, to enter their claims before the truftee$

fop

Digitized by kjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' for fale of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, with relation to a judgment againft Robert Grace, and for the rel ief of the creditors of John Grace, and the widow, proteftant children arid creditors of the late Sir Patrick Trant, with relation to the faid forfeited eftates; and for the indem-

' nifying the earl of Carlingford touching mortgage-money by him owing to the faid late Sir Patrick T’‘ant.

54.	An adt for the relief of Edward Nugent efq; with relationto the forfeited eftates in Ireland'.

55.	An act for the relief of Jofepb Mitchell efq; with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

56.	An adt for the relief of Dennis Molmy gent, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

57.	An ad for the enlarging the time for Cafar Bradjhaw elq; to profecute his claim before the tru-ftees for the Irijh forfeitures.

3?. An adt for the relief of Jane La-vallin9 with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

59.	An adt for the relief of James Eu~ Jlace of Teamans Town, Agmondtjham Vefy efq; George Fields and Thomas Brigftock, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

60.	An adt for the relief of Francis Spring, and other proteftant tenants of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, in refpedt to their real improvements, and for confirming a proteftant fet-tlement at Portarlington, and of a charity at Middleton, in the county of Corky and for relief of Alice countefs dowager of Drogheda, and Sir John Dillon.

61.	Ah adt for the relief of Ignatius Gold and his family, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

62.	An adt for the relief of Sir William JJhhurJl knight, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

63.	An adt for the relief of Mary Ver-non, with relation tg the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

64.	An adt for the relief of Katharine Obrien, widow, and her children, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

65.	An adt for the relief of William Spencer, efq; and the wife and children of the late lord Kenmare, in the kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

66.	An adt for the relief of Katharine Harriss alias Kife> with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

67.	An adt for the relief of Sufannab Smith, widow, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

68.	An adt for the relief of captain Richard Wolfely, and other proteftant leflees in Ireland.

69.	An adt for enlarging the time for Sir Stephen Fox to make his claim before the truftees for the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

70.	An adt for enlarging the time for Rebecca vifeountefs Faulkland of the kingdom of Scotland, to enter her claim before the truftees for the forfeited eftates in Ireland, to a mortgage upon part of the faid eftates.

71.	An adt for exempting and dif-charging of Arthur French, and Sarah his wife, from accounting to the truftees for the forfeited eftates in Ireland, for the perfonal eftate of Irriel Parrel, deceafed.

72.	An adt for the relief of Charlotte Talbot, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

73.	An adt to recompenfe Philip Savage, efq; for the charge of outlawries, and attending the truftees for the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

74.	An adt for the relief of Maurice Annejley, efq; with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

75.	An adt for the relief of Thomas Leey efq; and others, executors of Sir John Heley, knight, and Peter Goodwin, efq; with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

76.	An adt for the relief of Thomas

b 4	'	Plunket,

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Phinkety gent, and Katherine his wife, with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland; and for empowering her Majesty to grant writs of error for reverfingthe outlawries a-gainft John Mapasy and Lawrence Fitzgerald.

77.	An act for the relief of John Ellis9 efq; with relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

78.	An a<ft for naturalizing Daniel Van Ryjfeny and others.

79.	An ad for naturalizing Thoms St* Leger de: Bacolony Jofeph de Lanney, Alexander de Racquet des Feurneauxy and others.

80.	An ad for naturalizing Stephen Benovady John Girardy aud others.

Anno 1 Anna. Stat. 1.

Cap. 1. For granting to her Majesty a land tax for carrying on the war againft France and Spain*

Cap. 2. For enabling her Majesty to fettle a revenue for fupporting the dignity of his royal highnefs Prince George hereditary of Denmarky in cafe he (hall furvive her Majesty.

Cap. 3. For granting a fupply to her Majesty by feveral duties impofed, upon malt, mum, cyder, and per-ry.

Cap. 4. For continuing the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to her Majesty by fale of feveral annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the war againft France and Spain.

Cap. 6. For the better preventing e-fcapes out of the fpueeris Bench and Fleet prifons.

Cap. 7. For explaining and making cffedual a late ftatute concerning the haven and piers of the borough of Great Tar mouthy and for confirming the rights and privileges of the faid borough.

Cap. 8. For explanation of a claufe in one ad rrfade in the feventh year of his late Majesty’s reign, relating

!

to borelaps, and to take off the

- additional fubftdy upon Irijh linen.

Cap. 9. For punching of acceflaries to felonies, and receivers of ftolen goods, and to prevent the wilful burning and deftroying of (hips.

Cap. 10. For the better repairing and amending the highways from the north end of Thornwood Commony to Woodford in the county of EJfex.

Cap. 11. For making the river Cham alias Granty in the county of Cam-

. bridge, more navigable, from Clay-hithe Ferryy to the Sjueeris Milly in the univerfity and town of Cam* bridge.

Cap. 12. For the fini(hing and adorning the cathedral church of St* Pauly London.

Cap. 13.. For continuing former ads for exporting leather, and for eafe of jurors, and for reviving and making more effedual an ad relatr ing to vagrants.

Cap. 14. For the encouraging the confumption of malted corn, and for the better preventing the running of French and foreign brandy.

Cap. 15. For granting to her Majesty feveral fubfidies for carrying on the war againft France and Spain.

Cap. 16. For punilhing officers and foldiers who (hall mutiny or defert her Majesty’s fervice in England or Irelandy and for puniflnng falfe mufters, and for better payment of quarters in England.

Cap. 17. For enlarging the time for taking the oath of abjuration; and alfo for recapacitating and indent" nifying fuch persons as have not taken the fame by the time limited, and (hall take the fame by a time to be appointed; and for the further fecurity of her Majesty’s per-fon, and the fucceffion of the crown in the proteftant line; and for ex-tinguilhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all Gather pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors.

Cap. 18.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Gap. 18. For the more effectual preventing the abofes and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and itori manufadtures of this kingdom.

Cap. 19. For taking, examining, and: flaring the* pubtick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 20. For reviving arid continuing the late adte fof appointing com-miffioners to take, examine, ami determine the debts due to the fcr-my, and for transport fervice, arid aJfo an accourit Of the prizes taken during the late war.

Cap. 21. For advancing the fale of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for veiling fuch as remain unfold by the prelent truftees, in her Ma-jefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for fuch ufes as the fame were before vefted in the faid truftees; arid for the more effectual felling and fet-ting the faid eftates to proteftants; and for explaining feveral adls relating to the loro Bophin, and Sir Edmund Everard.

Cap. 22. For presenting frauds in her Majesty V duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 23. For railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thoufand feveri hundred and three, notwithftanding the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 24. To oblige Edward IVhttaker, to account for fuch futns of pub-lick money as have been received by him.

Private Alls.

Amo 1 Armas. Stat. 2.

1.	An adt for redlifying a miftake in a late adt, intituled, An alt, to enable Sir Robert Marfham, knight and baronet, to difpofi of lands in Hertford (hire, and to fettle other lands of better value in Kent, to the fame ufes as tbe-lands in Hertford (hire are jet-tied.

2.	An adt for fale of part of the eftate

late of William Peachy, efq; deceased, for payment; of legacies charged thereupon.	;

3.	An adt for fettling divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, the e-ftate of Henry duke of Beaufort, according to agreements made upoff his marriage, and for other pur-pofes in the faid adt mentioned.

4.	An adt to veil divers lands and tenements of Sir Thomas Brograve, bart1. in tire county of Hertford, in truftees, to be fola, and to fettle b-ther lands and tenements in lieu thereof.

5.	An adt for giving further time to

John lord bifhop of Chichejter, and his fucceflbrs, to make leafes of certain houfes and ground in aruf near Chancery Lane, belonging to the bilhoprick. of Chichefier.	;

6.	An adl to enable Sir Edward Williams to fell certain manors and lands in the counties of Brecon znd RadnorJhire, for payment of debts. *

7.	An adt for the better colledting the

duties granted for making the wfcy out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln s Inn Fields, and for determining the faid'duties when the parties'concerned are paid.	'

8L An' adl: to enable the furvivmg

* truftees and executors of the faft will and teftament of Thomas Frrhe, efq; deceafed, to pty an annuity unto Mtldmay Fane, efq; for his maintenance and education, tfotil he fhall attaiii his age of one ahd twerity years.

9.	An act to enable Richard ford Bulkeley vifoount Cafhels in the kingdom of Ireland, and Rickard Butte-

. ley, efq; his fon, to make a fettle-ment upon the marriage of the faid Richard Bulkeley.

10.	An adl for confirming and efta- J blilhing a partition made by Sir

. Edmund Fowler, knight, and dame Anne his wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, widow, of certain manors and lands

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

in the county of Kenty in the year one thoufand fix hundred thirty four.

xi. An act for the incorporating certain persons, for the better providing for, and fetting at work the poor in the city of Gloucejler.

12. An act to  enable Andrew Hacketty efq; to difpofe of feveral mefluages and lands in the counties of Stafford and Warwick, and city of Litchfield, for making provifion for his younger children, upon fettling another eftate in Stroxton in the county of i, Lincolttyoi better value, to the fame ufes as the mefluages and lands in r the counties of Stafford and War-: wicky and city of Litchfield were fettled.

13..	An act for making provifion for < the younger children of Jonathan Caflleman of Cmhertly in the county ’ of Gloucefierytfq\ arid fpr fupplving ; an omiuion in his Fathers will of a power for making leaTes.

14.	An act to  enable, William Golemany efq; and others, to make fale of. lands for payment of the debts and legacies of William Stawelly deceased.

15.	An act for the veiling of the fe-, veral manors, mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county

. of EJfeXy late belonging to John Qowpery gent, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for better payment of bis , debts and legacies charged thereupon.

16.	An act for the better fettling the real and perfonal eftate of John Goddardy efq; deceafed, to and for, the benefit of John Goddard his fon, Mary Goddard his daughter, infants, during their minority.

*7. An act for confirming the divi-fion of a third part of the manor of Burton Daffet in the county of Warwick, heretofore made by the own-. ers thereof.

i8.	Ap aft to enable the executrix of James Hoariy efq; deceafed, ta pay

%

a fum of money: in difeharge of it truft in her reported by his wilh

19.	An act to  enable Charles Aldwortby efq; to fell lands and tenements for payment of his father's debts, and his lifters portions.

20- An act for fale of part of the e-j ftate of Charles Morris y efq; fpr the payment of debts charged thereupon, andfor the making provifioru for his younger children.

21.	An act for the better improving a certain piece of ground in the parilh of St. Martin in the Fields, for the ufe of the poor, and for 0-ther purpofes therein mentioned,

22.	An act to  enable the devifees of> James Supple^ and all claiming under them, to make Jeafes for the improvement of the eftate de-vifed.

23.	An aft concerning the exchange of certain lands lying in or-near Bramptoti in the county of North-amptony for lands lying in or near Wickham in the county of Lincoln.

34. An act for the better execution of the will of John Loane, efq; deceafed/ and for fale of part of hii eftate to pay his debts and legacies for preferving the refidue thereof.

25.	An act for fale of divers lands? in the county of JKildare, and kingdom of Ireland {being the eftate,of Agmondijham Vefey, efq; and bis two daughters, Anne Vefejy and Henrietta Vefey) for the paying of debts, and clearing; incumbrances charged thereon, and alfo for impowering the faid Agmondijfam Vefey to make leafes for any term, notexceeding one and twenty years.

26.	An act for fale of feveral eftates for payment of debts charged thereupon, and for difpofing of the reli-due of the money at intereft, for the benefit of Giles Loaney andMo-ther infants, purfuant to their father's will.

27^ An act to  enable John Arderyie, efq; to pay his father’s debts* apd

make

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

make provifion for his brothers and lifter.

28.	An act for railing fifteen hundred pounds bv mortgage of lands in the county* or Dorfet, for payment of debts, and for a further provifion and maintenance for the younger children of Philip Caldicott, efq;

29.	An act for charging the eftate, late of Thomas Lyjier, efq; deceafed, with maintenances for his nine younger children.

30^ An act for fetting afide a fet-tlement, in order that William Butler may have a good conveyance of lands from Raphael Wbijl-

Ur, according to the articles agreed on.

31.	An act for veiling divers lands and tenements of Edward Owen of Eaton Mafcot in the county of Salop, efq; in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts.

32.	An act for veiling certain mefiua-ges, lands, and hereditaments of Toby Hodfon the elder, efq; a luna-tick, in truftees, for payment of his debts, and making provifion for himfelf, his wife, and only fon.

33.	An act for naturalizing Nicholas

3wrt, Peter L. Blanc, and Jacob

Jolt.

i

i

End of the T A B L E.

Digitized by v^ooQle



A -- \VY - ^ V • - .	1

; in ‘

Digitized by

Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, &V.

Anno Regni GULIELMl lit o&avo^

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the two and twentieth day of November, Anno Dom. 16195. in the feventh year of the reign of our fovereign lord William the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And front thence continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to : the twentieth day of Odtober, 1696, being the fecond fejfion of this prefent parliament*

CAP. L	..	;

An act for importing and coining guineas and half guineas.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the firjl fejfton of this prefent 7 & 8 W. ^ parliament, intituled, An ad for taking off the obligation c-and encouragement of coining guineas for a certain time therein mentioned, it is enafted, That from the fecond day ^ March, in the 18 Car.i. c.$4 year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety five. Until the firjl	c f

day of January then next following, there Jhall not be any obligation 4& 5 W. & iyj* of receiving into his Majefifs mint or niints, to be coined, any gold c. *4.	*

whatfoever ; nor Jhall the officers of his Majefiy's mints be obliged to 6 & 7- W. 3. coin any gold within the time afore/aid, for any person whatfoever; c’^f' and that the recompenses appointed by theJlatute made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other fubfequent c.19. jlatutes, for encouragement of coinage, jhall be applied to the ufe of the 8	W. 3*

fiver mints. And it is alfofogreby further enafted. Thatftom and c-** £ after the faid fecond day of March, until the [aid firjl day of Janua- 9 2/	*

ry, it Jhall not be lawful for any person or persons whatfoever to irh- i% & 13 W.3. port guineas or half guineas into this kingdom, upon any pretence what- n.

[ever, upon forfeiture of the [aid gutipas or half guineas * And where- 1Annas, a the reafon ofmaking the faid aft was occafioned by the high and un- 4 Annae, c.2%. ufual price of guineas, which might in the end be Very prejudicial to the 7 Ann*,’ c. fubjecl: but the faid price of guineas being now reduced to or near the 1 Geo-T* Jlandard, and fundry persons being defirous Jo coin gold, and alfo to *• import great quantities of guineas and half guineas, which will be ve- 9 eo'1, ry beneficial to the trade and commerce of this kingdom : for the en- • couragcment whereof,

VoL. X.	B II.	fee

Digitized by Google

2	Anno	o&avo Gulielmi III. c. i. [1696.

7 & S W.$. II. Be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and c. 13. relating wkh the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, of grineaTre^ anc^ conimons> in parliament aflembled, and by the authority pealed. of the fame, That the laid adl, and every daufe, matter and Exception, thing, therein contained (other than what relates to the recom-Guineas and pences by the faid ad appointed to be applied to the filver mints, be fwely^-0 an<* w^at conf:erns the royal African company) be and are here-ported/ by repealed and utterly made void, to all intents and purpofes 5, and that all and every person and persons may freely import into this kingdom guineas and half guineas, as they might or ufual-ly did before the making the faid ad for prohibiting the fame. One or more HI* And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, mills to be for That the mailer and worker and other officers of his Majesty’s the coinage of mint in the tower of London, (hall, on or before the tenth clay of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, prepare and fet apart one or more mill or mills, prefs or prefles, with other conveniences, to be in the first place employed in the coinage of gold, which (hall be brought thither by any person or persons, native or foreigner, to be received in, coined, and delivered out, in fuch manner, courfe, and order, as by the aforefaid llatute t% Car. .* c. 5. ®*dedn the eighteenth year of King Charles the Second is dire<9> Coinage of ed and apppointed; fo that the courfe in coinage of gold and fil-gold and filver ver be kept in diftin<Sl accounts, and ndt interfere one with an-ftCptin other, cither in receiving into, or delivering out of his Majefly*s counts. ^	m*nt,	and	that fuch coining and delivering out gold in a di-

iliruSl courfe, according to the time of bringing in the fame, although there be filver remaining there uncoined, lhall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of delivety of money coined; any thing in the faid llatute of the eighteenth of King Charles the Second, or other llatute, to tfie contrary thereof nothwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An uB for the further remedying the ill fate of the coin of the kingdom.

EXP.	WHEREAS great mifehiefs and inconveniencies have fallen up-

V V on this kingdom, by the frequent counterfeiting, clipping, and other unlawful diminijhing the current coin of this kingdom ; for the remedying whereof for the future, it is thought neceffary that all the hammered filver coin of this kingdom fhbuld be recoined by the mill and prefs, which will be lefs fubjeft to thofe pernicious and dejlruftive methods of clipping and counterfeiting; and that in the mean time, to put a flop to the further dipping fuch hammered money, the fame should not be current in paymetst, otherwife than is hereafter mention ed, &c. EXP.

P79W.3. c.a. Hammered filver money brought to the mints before i July, 1697. to be ft. no bam-	received at 5 s. 4d. per ounce. Hammered coin to be taken for taxes oix

meredfilver	loans, Sec. at 5$. 8 d. an ounce. After 1 Decemb. 1696. no hammered

coin/hall be	filver coin to be current, except by weight. Broad hammered money may

current•	be received before iS Nov. 1696. by tale for taxes, Scc. CoHe&or, &c. on

oath may pay the fame by tale till 18 Decemb. 1696. Commiflioners, &c. to have till 10 Jaa. 1696. to pay the (kid hammered monks into the Exche-

Digitized by

jfyS.] Anno D&avo GulielMi III. c.j.

quer, and make oath the fame was received by tale, See. Hammered rocK	/

pey to be melted down, and coined by the mill. New money to be broughf

back into the Exchequer, and appropriated for repayment of loans, &c.

and not divertible. Money for taxes at 5 s. 8d. an ounce to be recoinedi

at the next adjacent mint, See. Collectors of the toll for making navigable

the rivers Wye and Lugg, may before 1 June* 1697. receive the lame in

hammered money at 5 s. 8 d. an ounce, See,

Cap. hi.

An act to  explain that part of the aft paffed the loft feffion of parliament, for laying feveral duties on low wines, and fpi-rits of the first .extra ftion, and for preventing the frauds and abufes of brewers, difiillers, and other perjbns chargeable with the duties of excife, which relates to the payment of tallies and the inter eft thereof.

WHEREAS in and by one ait made and pajfed in the parliament

bolden at Weft mi after, in the feventh and eighth years of his 7 Sc 8 W» Majejlys reign* intituled. An a£t for laying feveral duties upon, c. 39. low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, and for preventing the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other perfom chargeable with the duties of excife, it was (amongft other things) entiled^ That weekly, and every week, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety fix, the Jim of fix tmfand pounds out of the particular branches or duties ofexcife, there* in mentioned, which are commonly called the hereditary and temporary excife, or either of them, fbould be paid and applied, and is thereby appropriated to and for the payment and fat isfail ion of fuch tallies of pro or alignment, or other tallies, as in the faid aft were mentioned to be already levied, and to be then remaining unfatisfied on the faid particular branches of excife, or either of them, and the inter eft thereof, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, until the fame fbould be paid off, and that from and after the fullfatis-faft'm thereof, the like weekly fiutn fbould be paid and applied, and is thereby appropriated to, andfor the repayment and fatisfa ftion of fuch further fums, mt exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, as by or upon the credit of that aft fbould be borrowed or charged thereupon, and fuch inter eft for the fame, as is therein mentioned, fo as that the tallies for the principal fums refpeftively fbould be paid in courfe, according to their refpeftive dates, until the fame fbould be fully difebarged and paid off, and the intereji upon everyfuch tally fhould be paid every three months, until the fatisfaftion of the principal And it was thereby further enafted. That weekly, and every week, from and after the faid twentieth day cf April, the fium of fix hundred pounds out of the revenue of the general letter-office or p off office fhould be paid and applied, and is thereby appropriated for payment offuch tallies of pro or afftgnment or other tallies, as in the faid aft were mentioned to he already levied, and to be then remaining unfatisfied on that revenue, and the intereft thereof, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, until the fame fhould be fully paid off \ and from and after the fatisfajftion thereof, then the like weekly Jum out of that office is to be paid and applied for fatisfaftion of fuch further fums,

B 2	not

Digitized by

4	Anno	o&avo	GulielMI III. e.3.	(1696.

not exceeding forty five thoufand pounds, as by or upon the credit of that aft should be borrowed or charged thereupon, with inter efi,as is therein mentioned, fo as that the tallies for the principal fums refpeftively should be paid in courfe, according to their refpeftive dates, until the fame should be fully difcharged and paid off; and the inter efi upon eve-try fuch talley should be paid every three months, until fatisfaftion of the principal, as by the faid aft mote largely appears.

Doubts arifen II. And whereas fome doubts have arifen whether feveral of the tal-about pay- lies which were levied upon the faid refpeftive branches or revenues mentot tallies. between the two and twentieth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five (being the firjl day of the fejjion in which the jaid aft paffed) and the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, can or may be paid out of the fame revenues appropriated by the faid aft in courfe, according to their refpeftive dates, in regard they were not levied before the faid two and twentieth day ^November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, or by virtue of the faid aft, or upon the weekly fums thereby appropriated, and whether the inter efi of the faid tallies levied between the faid two and twentieth day of November, me thoufand fix hundred ninety five, and the faid four and twentieth day of June, and the inter eft of the tallies levied or to be levied for the faid fum, not exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, can or may be paid out of the faid fix thoufand pounds a week firjl mentioned in and appropriated by the Jaid aft, until the tallies levied before the faid two and twentieth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, and the interejl thereof, Jhall be paid and difeharged.

III.	For the obviating and clearing of which doubts, and for the better explanation of the faid ad of parliament, in relation to the payment of the faid feveral tallies, and the intereft thereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and. with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the All tallies of authority of the fame. That all the tallies of pro, or other tallies charg- which have been levied, and are charged upon the faid heredi-pay°menu out tary an<* tcmPorary excite, or either or them, or upon the faid of the excife, weekly fums of fix thoufand pounds payable thereout, (hall be to be fatisfied duly paid and fatisfied in courfe, according to their refpedive in courfe, dates, and not otherwife, out of all the weekly fums of fix thou-preference UC ^an(* Poun<*s a week, appropriated as aforefaid, until they (hall P 11 c# be fully fatisfied, without giving any undue preference, by paying any talley or tallies of (ubfequent date or dates, before tallies of preceding date or dates, unlefs in cafes where money is referved for payment of the preceding tallies according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad ; and that the intereft of It ft t b a^	ta^es	*n courk> (hall be paid and payable every three

paidTn courfe months out of all the faid weekly fums of fix thoufand pounds a every 3 week; and that all the tallies of pro, or other tallies which have months. been levied, and are charged upon the faid revenue of the port:— Tallies charg* office, or upon the faid' weekly fum of fix hundred pounds ap— weekly reve- propriated thereout fhall be in like manner duly paid and fati&— auc of the fied in courfe* according to their refpedive dates, and not other-

wife*

Digitized by v^ooQle

1696.]	Anno ottavo Guliblmi HI. c.4.	5

wife, out of the faid weekly fums of fix hundred pounds a week, poft-office, to appropriated as aforefaid, until they fhall be fully fatisfied, and ”e Paid in without giving any undue preference, as aforefaid ; and that the iqtereft of the tallies Jaft mentioned fhall be likewife paid and payable every three months, out of all the faid weekly fums of fix hundred pounds a week; and that for any offence or negledk in not duly paying the principal and intereft, or any part there- Penalty on of-of, or giving any undue preference, contrary to the true mean- ?cers offering of this a<ft, the refpeftive commiflioners, or other officers or Mts arg pepons who (hall be guilty thereof, fhall incur the fame penal- taken into the ties or forfeitures, as by the faid recited a6t are prefcribed in the South Sea like cafe or cafes for any fuch offence; any thing in this or the the ftat. faid recited a# to the contrary notwithftanding.	Ann,

CAP. IV.

An aCl to attaint Sir John Fenwick baronet of high treafon.

WHEREAS Sir John Fenwick baronet was, upon the oaths

of George Porter efqutre, and Cardell Goodman gentle-	•

man, at the fejjions of oyer and terminer held for the city of London, on the eight and twentieth day of May, one thoufand fix hun- , ired ninety fix, indicted of high treafon, in comparing and imagining the death and deftruCfion of his Majesty, and adhering to his Maje-fey's enemies, hy confulting and agreeing with feveral persons (whereoffome have been already attainted, and others not yet brought to their tryal for the faid treafons) at feveral meetings, to fend Robert Char-nock, fence attainted and executed for high treafon, in confpiring to ajfajfenate his Majesty9s facred perjon (whom God long preferve) to the late King James in France, to incite and encourage the French King to invade this kingdom with an armed force, by promifing to join with, and affift him with men and arms upon fuch invafion ; of which treafons the faid Sir John Fenwick is guilty. And whereas the faid Sir John Fenwick did obtain his Majfly's favour to have his tryal delayed from time to time, upon his repeated promifes of making an ingenuous and full confejjion of his knowledge of any defign or con-Ipiracy againft his Majesty's perjon or government, and of the persons therein concerned. Ana whereas he hasfo far abufed his Majesty's great clemency and indulgence therein, That inftead of making fuch confeffion, he hath contrived and framed falfe and fcandalous papers, as his informations, reflecting on the fidelity of feveral noble peers, divers members of the houfe of commons, and others, only by hearfay, and contriving thereby to undermine the government, and create jea-loufees between the King and his fubjeCfs, and to ftifie the real confpi racy. And whereas Cardell Goodman, dne of the witneffes againft the faid Sir John Fenwick to prove the faid treafon; lately and fence the feveral times appointed for the tryal of the faid Sir John Fenwick, at one of which times the faid Sir John Fenwick had bee% accordingly tryed, had it not been for the expectation of the faid dif-coveries fo often prornifed by him, is withdrawn, Jo that the faid Cardell Goodman cannot be had to give evidence upon any tryal: be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with sir John Fen-the advice and copfent or the lords fpiritual and temporal, and wick attainted £3	.	.	(jQm-ofhightrea*

Digitized by C^ooQle

G	Anno	o6lavo	GulIeIMi	III.	tf.5.	[169&

ajL *2? *u commons in this parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tmfcr death. tj)e That the faid Sir John Fenwick be, and is hereby eon-vidfced and attainted of high treafon, and (hall fuffer the pains of death, and incur all forfeitures as a person attainted of high treafon*

CAP. V.

An act to  attaint fucb of the per font concerned in the late horrid confpiracy to affajjtnate his Majefly's royal person, who are fled from juftice, unlefs they render themfelves to juftice ^ and for continuing feveral Others of the faid conspirators in cuftody.

WHEREAS in the months ^January and February lafl, there was a horrid and deteftable confpiracy formed and carried on . by papifls, and other wicked and traiteroiis persons, to affaflinate and defray the royal person of our moft gracious King Witffam (whom God long preferve) which confpiracy, had not God Almighty in his great mercy prevented the execution thereof had deprived thefe king-aoms of the enjoyment of their liberties and religion, involved them in blood and ruin% and fubjefted the people thereof to the bondage and op-prejfton of popery and tyranny; for which execrable and bloody treafon feveral of the eonfpirators have been apprehended., juflly condemnedf and executed, and have upon their deaths fully owned the truth of the accufations againjl them, and their being engaged in the faid wicked confpiracy; and feveral others, herein after named, being charged upon oath before one or more of his Majesty s jujlices of the peace, of having been privy toy and engaged as principal contrivers of and aftors in, the faid intended ajpffinatim$ notwithftanding feveral proclamations ijjued againjl them> have not rendred themfelves, nor have been yet apprehended, but are fled from juftice: therefore to manifeft the juft indignation we your Majesty*s moft loyal fubjedte, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament affembled, have againft fo barbarous and villainous a defign, and the great x tendernefs and regard we bear for the prefervation of your Ma-jefty’s royal person and government, to whom next under God we owe the recovery of our religion and liberties, when they Vrere fo near expiring under the prevailing influence of popery and arbitrary power, and the continuance and enjoyment thereof at prefenf, and that none of the faid eonfpirators by flying from the ordinary courfe of juftice may efcape punilhment, which would be too great an incouragement to other wicked and rebellious persons to enter into the like confpiracies hereafter, do humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted : and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and . commons in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the names™10™ ^amc> That « Sir George Barclay knight,	johnfon	alias

S*	Harrifon,	Durant alias Durance, Afichael Hare, major

Not rendring George Holmes, Philip Hanford alias Browne, Richard Richardfon9 themfelves by John'Maxwefly	Bryerly,	Plowden,	Hungate,

Mar. 1697, ihall not on or before the five apd twentieth day of March% in the year of our Lord one thoufand Ji^ hundrea ninety feven,

render

7

iS97-] Anno o&avo & nono Guljblmi III. c.7,8.

render themfelves to the lord chief juftice of his Majesty's court of King's bench, or to one of his Majeft/s principal fecretaries of ftate, in order to their trials for the treafon aforefaid, That then fuch of them the faid George Barclay knight,

Johnjon alias Harrifon,	Durant alias Durance,	Michael

Hare, major George Holmes, Philip Hanford alias Browne, Richard Richardfon9 John Maxwell,	Bryerly,

Plowden9	Hungate,	as (hall not fo tender him or them- tobe attainted

felves, as aforefaid, (hall ftand and be convi&ed and attainted, of high trea*. and are hereby convi&ed and attainted of high treafon, and (hall differ the pains of death, and incur all forfeitures, penalties and difabilities as traytors convidted and attainted of high treafon,

II.	And wheas the persons hereafter named, viz.

Counter, John Bernard?, Robert Cajfels, Robert Meldrum, James Perions ii» Chambers, and Robert Blackbourne, have been committed, and cuftody. are ftill in cuftody in Newgate for the faid confpiracy and treafon: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Counter, John Bernard, Robert Cajfels, Robert Meldrum, James Chambers and Robert Blackbourne, and fuch other persons who ihall hereafter raider themfelves, or (hall be apprehended, and againft whom there (hall be evidence upon oath of their being concerned in the faid barbarous and bloody confpiracy of affaffi-nating the person of his facred Majesty, (hall be detained and kept in cuftody without bail or mainprize, until the first day of January, which (hall he in the vear of our Lord one thouland £x hundred ninety feven, unlefs they (hall be fooner bailed b^ order of council, figned by fix of his Majetly’s moft honourable privy council.

CAP. VI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, as well by i land tax, as by (Several fubudies and other duties, payable for one year.	EXP.

Aimo o&avo CO nono Gulielmi III.

CAP. VTI.	EXP.

An a& for granting to his Majesty feveral duties upon paper, vellum, and parchment, to encourage the bringing of plate and hammered money into the mints to be coined* The moneys artfing by this ad being deficient are Juppliedhereafter. See i 4mue$ flat. i. cap. 13. / 17.

C A P. VIII.

An a£l for encouraging the bringing in wrought plate to be

coined.

FO R the better encouragement of fuch persons as have or Jhall have ' any kind of wrought plate9 to bring the fame to be coined into the lawful coins of this realm; and to the end the fpecies of lawful moneys may be increafed, for the advantage of commerce and other publick affairs be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any person or persons, na- pcrfons bring-tives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, that (hall either ing wrought by themfelves, or by their fervants or others that they refpec- plate to the lively (hall intruft in that behalf, bring or carry any wrought t0 **

. . B 4	plate

r

coined between i Jan. >696. and 4 Nov. 1697, to receive for the fame 5 s. 4d. an oz.

Matter, &c. of the mints required to receive fuch wrought plate, and pay i'or the fame at the rate aforefaid, ftc.

Matter, &c. ot the mints before they a£t (hall take the oath following.

Anna oftavo & nono Gulielmi IIL c*8*	[i^97*‘

plate of any fort or kind whatfoever, at any time or times, between the first day of January, one thoufand iix hundred nine-tv fix, and the fourth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, either into his Majesty’s mints, or any of them withm this realm of England, or to fuch person or persons, as by his Majesty, under his royal fign manual, (hall be authorized to receive the fame, (hall be then and there paid for fuch plate, at the rate of five (hillings and four pence for every ounce, to be reckoned and allowed, as is herein after mentioned ; and that the matter and worker of his Majesty’s mints, his deputy or deputies, or fuch other person or persons as (hall be thereunto authorized, a$ aforefaid, (hall, and by this a<ft they are feverally required and enjoined to receive all fuch wrought plate as (hall be fo brought in, and which (hall plainly appear to have thereupon the mark commonly ufed at the hall, belonging to the company of goldfmiths in London, befides the workman’s mark, as fterling (Silver, and the price thereof (hall be reckoned, allowed and paid for at the faid rate of five (hillings and four pence an ounce, without tarrying till it be melted and eflayed 5 and in all cafes where the wrought plate fo brought (hall not have the faid marks thereupon, then the party bringing the fame (hall have it in his or her ele&ion, either to have the quantity of fterling filver contained therein (according to which the faid rate is to be allowed) to be determined and adjufted by the matter and Vvorker of the mint, his deputy or deputies, or by fuch other person authorized to receive the feme, as aforefaid, who (hall declare the faid quantity of fterling filver upon his oath, according to the bed of his (kill and judgment, and make the faid allowance accordingly,; 6r if the faid party bringing fuch plate lhall not declare himfelf or herlelf willing that the faid officer of the mint, or fuch other person, to be authorized as a-forefaid, (houkl determine upon oath tl^e faid quantity of fterling filver in his or her plate, or (hall forthwith, after fuch determination made, declare him or her felf to be injured thereby, that then and in every fuch cafe the faid party bringing fuch plate (hall have the fame forthwith melted and eflayed, and (hall be allowed after the faid rate of five (hillings and four pence an ounce for every ounce of fterling filver which (hall be found .therein,

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the fai$ maftet and worker of the mint, his deputy or deputies for receiving of the faid plate, and fuch other persons as (hall be authorized by his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as aforefaid, before fuch times as he or they refpe&ively (hall intermeddle in the receiving or taking in any plate, by virtue of this a<ft, (hall fev.erally take their corporal patft in the form or to the effe& following:

I A. B. do folemnly promtfe and declare, That in.all cafes where (in purfuance of the aft of parliament in this behalf) I am to determine or declare the quantity offterling fiver contained in any wrought

* plate

Digitized by

§

Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.8.

plate that Jball be brought to me, I will faithfully and impartially declare and determine the fame, and the allowance which is to be mode for fuch plate, by virtue of the J<aid atf, according to the bejl of my jkill and judgment, without any covin or malice, and without any favour or ejfeftion 5 and that in my accounts, and in all other matters and things to be done and performed by me, in relation to the faid act of parliament, I will faithfully and hone fly perform the trujl in me rtpofed.

So hcjp me God.

III.	Which oath (hall and may be adminiftred by any one or Commiffion-more of the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high &c. may treafurer for the time being, or by any of his Majesty’s juftices a^jjlnifter the of the peace, who (hall give the officer or person taking fuch 0

oath, a certificate of the fame in writing.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Officers of the That the faid officer of the mints, his deputy or deputies, and mints to make the faid persons fo authorized by his Majesty’s royal figti manu- owners names, al, to receive and take in plate, as iaforefaia, (hall, in books to weight and * be by them kept for that purpofe, make fair entries of the names value of the of the bringer or owner of the faid wrought plate, and of the P*ate . true weight of the fame in fterlirig filver, and the value thereof, themnV”^ to be computed at the faid rate of five (hillings and four pence be coined

for every ounce; and that the persons fo authorized by his Ma- within 7 days jetty’s royal fign manual, as aforefaid, (hall within every feven after* days carry, or caufe to be carried, all the plate fo by them re-fpeftively taken in and deceived, to the next mint or mints, where the fame, together with all other the plate which (hall be brought into the faid mints direftly in purfuance of this aft, as aforefaid, fliall forthwith be coined into the lawful coins of this kingdom, and the coining thereof (hall not be delayed by rea-fon of any courfe prefcribed in the mint for coining of other filver ; and the new moneys proceeding from any plate brought New moneys, in, as aforefaid, together with fuch other moneys as (hall be ap- to far propriated or appointed for this fervice, (hall be applied from brought in. time to time to pay for any plate that (hall be brought in purfu- s ant to this aft.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Matter of the the matter and worker of his Majesty’s mints, or his refpeftive mints, &c. to deputies or persons imployed by him, and alfo the feveral per- paythebnng-fons to be authorized by his Majesty's royal fign manual, as a- p£te s d. fbrefaid, (hall, out of the money which (hall be imprefted or 0z.S * paid to them refpeftively' for this fervice, or out of the new money which (hall proceed from plate to be brought in by virtue

and in purfuance of this aft, as aforefaid, pay and fatisfy to the refpeftive bringers of the faid plate, the faid allowance of five (hillings and four pence by the ounce for the fame, which payments at the time of the bringing in of the faid plate, (hall be made to the owners or bringers of the fame, by the officers appointed to receive fuch plate as aforefaid, having money in his or their hands for that purpofe.

VI.	And

Digitized by Google

to	Anno oftavo & nono GulIELMI III. C. 8.	{1697,

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in jevery city, town of place where a mint is, or (hall be ' eftabliihed or iitnployed for the coining of the faid plate, and for the recoining of hammered money, or either of them, and in every city, town or place where a publick office (hall be appointed by his Majesty for the taking in of wrought plate, as afore-

Mafter of eve* kid* the mailer or worker of fuch mint or mints, his deputy or ry mint, &c. deputies, or the persons fo to be appointed for fuch publick ofT ®nc®in i4days fices refpsftively, (hall once in every fourteen days, during the writinewhat cont*nuance of the laid fervice, caufe publication to be made in quantities of writing* to be openly affixed and expofed, whereby all persons plate, &c. are concerned may be informed of the quantities of wrought plate made into or hammered money fo brought in, how much thereof (hall new monies, refpeftively from time to time have been made into new moneys, and how much thereof (hall then remain in the mint, or fuch Penalty. publick office not coined, under the penalty of forfeiting the lum of twenty pounds to any person or persons that (hall fue for the fame, and tq be recovered by aftion of debt or of the cafe, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier, wherein no dfoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any. wife not-withftanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefeid, That all fuch wrought plate that (hall be brought ia purfuant to this aft, whereon there (hall be the marks before apr

No deduction pointed to be on the feme, (hall be received by the person or per-(br foader, un- fans empowered by this aft to receive fuch wrought plate, as lefs in any hoi- fterling filver, without making any deduction for foader, unlefe plate.*110*thC f°r fuch fodder as (hall be in any hollow part of the feid plate.

VIII.	And to the end a fotn of ready money may the more jpeedily bC provided to pay for wrought plate which (hall be brought in purfuant to this aCt, be ft further enaCted by the au-

Commiikmm thorfty aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the of the treafary commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more may advance^ 0f them now being, or the lord treafurer, or any three or more unappropria- t^ie commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, out of ted moneys.’ any money that is or (hall be advanced or lent to his Majesty, upon the credit of any aid, fond or revenue wbatfoever (not being the money appropriated to the repayment of the principal or intereft of loans, or to the fetisfaftion of any bills of credit eftabli(hed by aCt of parliament) to iftbe and apply any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the fum of fifty thoufena pounds, for and towaras the payment of the faid rate or allowance of five (hillings and four pence an ounce for plate, and the charges of and to be part taking in and coining the fame; which fums fo iflued and ap-of th* fum of plied, (ball be reckoned to be part of the fum not exceeding one 1250001. hundred twenty five thoufend pounds, for coining of hammered money and plate, and charges thereunto incident; any thing herein, or in any former aft of parliament contained fo the contrary notwithftanding.

IX. And

Digitized by kjOOQle

II

1697.] Anno oftaro & nono Gulixlmi III. c.8.

IX.	And whereas it may reafonably be fufpefted, that part of the

fiver coins of this realm hath been by persons regarding their own private gain more than the publick goody molten and converted into vejfels of fiber or other manufactured plate,, which crime hath been the more eafily perpetrated by them, in regard the goldfmiths or others, workers of plate, by the former laws and Jlatutes of this realm, are not obliged to make their plate offiner fiver than the ferling or Jlandard ordain-fifor the monies 0] this realm \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five and twentieth day of Marchy one thoufand fix hundred ninfety feven, no goldfmith, From 25 filverfmith, or other person whatfoever, fhall work or make, or March, 1697. caufe to be wrought or made, any filver veffel, plate, or manu- n°h]\er plate failure of filver, lefs in finenefs than that of eleven ounces and	than

ten peny weight of fine filver in every pound trOyy nor put to ,, ounces 10 fale, exchange, or fell, any filver veflels, plate, or manufaChire peny wt. to a of filver made after the faid five and twentieth day of Marchy (un- P°und troy, lefs it be filver wire, or fuch things as in refpeCt of their finall- Lc.not nefs are not capable of receiving a mark) until fuch time as fuch markable, veffel, plate* or manufactured filver, (hall be marked as follow- Plate, bow to fcth (that is to fay) with the worker’s mark, to be exprefled by Remarked.

the two first tetters of his fumame, the marks of the myftery or cjjC^/ sc craft of the goldfmiths, which, inftead of the leopard’s head and 4i. Qu and the lion, (hall for this plate be the figure of a lion’s head erafed, ne<wJlandard and the figure of a woman, commonly called Britanniay and a arebotbejlab-diftind variable mark to be ufed by the warden of the faid my- l^edt ftery, to denote the year in which fuch plate is made; upon pain that all fuch filver veflels* plate, or other manufactured filver, which (hall be made, expofed to fale, fold, or exchanged* contrary to this aft, or the value thereof, fhall be forfeited, the one half thereof to the King, and the other half thereof to fuch person or persons that will feize or fue for the fame, to be recovered by aCtion, bill, fait, or information, in any court of re- Penalty on cord, wherein no eflfoin, protection, wager of Jaw, or more than wardens and one imparlance (hall be admitted : and if any filverfmith, gold- niafters of the finith,or other person, (hall after the faid five and twentieth day	te"

of March make any filver veflels, plate, or manufactured filver, g0od contrary contrary to this aCt, and the fame (hall be touched, marked* or to this aft. allowed for good by the wardens or matters of the faid myftery, or thofe authorized or imployed by them for the eflaying and marking of plate, and if ih the fame there lhall be found any falfliood or deceit; then the wardens and corporation of that myftery, for the time being, (hall forfeit and pay the value of the plate fo deceitfully marked, the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to any person or persons that (hall buy the fame, and be grieved thereby, to be recovered, as aforefaid ; any thing in this or any former aCl or aCts of parliament contained, or any other order or provifion heretofore made, to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas feveral persons who are poflefled of plate, who are or (hall be affefled by an aCt, intituled, An act for granting an aicho bis Majefy, as well by a land tax* as by feveral fuff-

- dies

Digitized by

Google

12	Anno	o&avo & nono GuliElmi III. c.S. [1697.

dies and other duties payable for one year, for or in refpedl of their manors, lands, tenements, rents, offices, perfons5 flocks, debts, or other matters or things charged by the laid adt, or (hall be charged by other a<5t or a<5ls that (hall be pafled this feflions of parliament, and may be willing and defirous to pay or fatisfy in wrought plate, having the hall-mark, at the rate of five (hillings and four pence an ounce, all or feveral of the monthly payments by the faid a<5t intended to be fatisfied by them, and all other payments that (hall become due by any a<5t t>r ads that (hall be pafled this feflions of parliament, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for '	any perlon or persons, at any time before the first day of June,

one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, to fatisfy and pay the Sei^ThT^ re*Pe<^ve colledor or colledors, in fuch wrought plate, at fuch fand taxin rate’ as aforefaid, without any dedudion for foader, unlefs for wrought plate fuch foader as (hall be in any hollow* part of the faid plate, all at 5s. 4-d. an or any fuch monthly or other payments aflefled upon him, her 02. &c. before or them, for the faid whole year, or for any months thereof, be-, x jan. 1 97. fore	faid	colledors	are hereby enjoined and requir-

ed upon every fuch payment fo made before hand, to give the? party or parties paying the fame an acquittance, expreffing the fum received for fuch monthly or other payments for the refpec-tive manors, lands, tenements, rents, offices, persons, (locks, debts, or other matters or things for which fuch payments (hall be fo made; and every fuch acquittance (hall be a good discharge again# his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, as if the fums chargeable by the faid ad on fuch manors, lands, tenements, rents, offices, persons, docks, debts, or other matters or things were aflefled or anfwered at fuch feveral and refpedive monthly or other payments, as aforefaid; any thing in the faid ad con-r tained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XI.	And to the end that fuch hammered filver coin of this kingdom as is made current in payments at the rate of five (hil-Jings and two pence by the ounce troy, and is and (hall be from time to time brought and paid into the receipt of his Majedy’s Exchequer at that rate, may be recoined, and that all fuch platq as is authorized by this ad, to be received at the rate of five (hillings and four pence an ounce, until the faid fird day of June% one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, for the aid, (ubfiay or other payments aforefaid, may alfo be converted into the lawful coins of this realm, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch hammered filver coin or plate fo received, or Hammered to be received, (hall from time to time, by the direction ,of the current money commiflioners of his Majedy’s treafury, or any one or more of oz5andd an t^iem now bdn£* or the high treafurer, or any one or more of wrought plate the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being (who have to be melted hereby full pow^r and authority given them in that behalf) be J	melted down and cad into ingots, and delivered into his Maje-

fty’s mint or mints, by indentures with the mafler and worker of the mints, to be there reduced to llerling, and coined by the mill and prefs, into the lawful coins of this realm $ and that all

...	* thq

down, and coined into new money, &c.

Digitized by

Google

1697O Anno oftavo & nono GulielMI III. C.$.	13

the new money proceeding from fuch ingots (except the necef-fary charge of making the new money* and of melting and refining the fiiver) (hall from time to time, by the like direction* be applied and placed to the refpedtive accounts of the particular revenues, taxes, loans or other branches to which the faid hammered monies or plate refpedtively did belong, and (hall be ifiued, paid out, and difpofed accordingly, fo far as it will extend, at the receipt of Exchequer, for payment of principal* intereft, annuities or other ules, or by the refpedtive receivers general upon bills of credit in fuch and the like courfe,' order, manner and form as ought to have been obierved in cafe the receipt or colle&ion in plate or fuch hammered money had been made in the lawful and current monies of this realm, and foas • that in all cafes where any of the faid hammered money, or the money for which fuch plate fhall be received, were appropriated by any a<5t or a6ts of parliament for fatisfaction of loans or annuities, or for payment of bills of credit, or for any other ufes, the new monies coming inftead thereof (fo far as tne fame will extend) (hall be appropriated, iffued and applied to the fame refpedtive ufes, and in the fame courfe and order as are pre-fcribed by fuch a<fts, without being diverted or divertible to any other ufe, or being mifapplied, under the penalty of incurring the fame forfeitures and difabilities by the officers of the Ex- 8 & 9 S« chequer, receivers general, and other persons concerned there- c* * in, as they would have incurred for diverting or mifepplying the lawful and current monies of fuch taxes or revenues, or other branches refpedtively.

CAP. IX.

An a£i to reftore the market at Blackwell Hall to the clothiers, and for regulating the fablers there.

FOrafmuch as of late years, by the great incre'afe of the faftors of Blackwell Hall in the city of London, and by the advantages given them by the governors of the faid hall, not only in ajftgn-ing them the moft convenient lights, but permitting them to hire ware-houfes in the faid hall to their own ufes, into which they enter upon thofe days that are no market days, and carry the clothiers cloths thence, and expofe them to fale in a clandeftine manner in their own houfes, whereby great inconvenience and dijcouragement hath accrued to the clothing trade, on which the ivelfare. of this nation very much depends:

For remedy hereof, be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and Governors of after the first day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Blackwell Hall Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, the governors 0f toobferveth* Blackwell Hall, and their deputies, (hall ftridlly perform, obferve, i^ked.^ y " and keep the fet times and rules herein after limited and appointed for the exa6t keeping and government of the publick mar- . ket of Blackwell Hall, that is to fay, The faid market (hall be-r

Sin

Digitized by Google

14	Anno	oftavo	&	nono Gulielmi III. C. 9.	[1695%

When the gm and be held on every Tburfday^ Friday, and Saturday, (root ™arkc^18 t0 eight of the clock in the forenoon, until twelve a clock in tho e e* ’ fame forenoon, and from two erf the clock in the afternoon* until five a clock in the fame afternoon; and that the laid hours* for the beginning and ending of the faid markets, (hall be known Market bell to by the ringing of the market bell in the hall aforefaid, appoint* be rung in the ed for that ule and purpofe; and the fame to be held and con* tinued weekly throughout the whole year, except days of hu* mUiation or thankfgiving appointed to be otherwife fet apart by No cloth to be of parliament, or publick authority; and the keepers of the fold in the hall faid hall (hall not permit or fuffer any buying or, felling of any on other days woollen cloth at the faid hall, in or upon any other days or under a penal-	than	upon	the market days and hours appointed, as a*

y'	forefeid, upon the penalty of one hundred pounds.

Governors to II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That appomt room the governors of Blackwell Hall, and their deputies, (hall fet Sew clotht0 ^ort^ an<* aPP°*nt onto the clothiers of all counties, that (hall and ware-, bring up cloth to fell at the faid publick market, the mod-con* boufe room, venient room in the faid hall for the fale of their cloth, and paying duty, ljkewife wirehoufe room for the lodging and fafe keeping of any cloth of the faid clothiers unfold, the clothiert or their feryant* paying unto the hall-keepers the ancient duties of the fiud hall, and no more.

No fa&or,	III. And for the further encouragement of the (aid publick

except the	market, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no faftor

owner, to fell w any person or persons whatfoever, other than the owner of t^ie cloth, (hall fell, caufe to be fold, or expofe to fale, out of ^ e * the faid market of Blackwell Hall9 any cloth configned or directed by the owner thereof to be brought to the faid market of Penalty. Blackwell Hall, or to any faCtor there, to be fold, upon the penalty of five pounds for every fuch cloth fo fold.

Hall keepers, IV. And be it further enaCted, That the hall-keepers, clerks* to obferve all and mafter-porters of the faid hall, fo far as they are hereby orders * a^d concerned, (hall take care that all the rules and orders appoint-keep™* weekly C(*t0 he obferved by this a<ft, in every branch of it, be put in ' regifter, See. 7 execution; and (hall alfo diligently and faithfully keep their Owners and books, and weekly regiftef6, of all the cloths bought and fold huyersnames, jn the mar|cet. ;n which books and regifters they, and every tred °widiCthe them, as they are concerned in their refpe&ive places, (hail time of fale. truly enter the names, furnames, and places of habitation of the owner, buyer, and feller, of every the faid cloths, together with the time of the fale thereof, and likewife of the fa&or, or aqy other person (other than the owner) buying or felling the fame, to the end clothiers and others concerned may be fatif-fied how their cloths are difpofed of from time to time, to which feid books it (hall be lawful for the faid clothiers, their agents and fervants, at all convenient times to have recourfe without Penalty on any fee, gratuity, or reward to be paid for the fame; and if any ball keeper, hall-keeper, clerk, or mafter-porter, (hall negleCt to perform &c. negle&ing duty herein, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fun* ***	of ten pounds; and in cafe any person or persons, from and

after-

Digitized by Google

ify?.] Axmoo&avo&nonoGifLiELMt IIL c. 9^	15

after the laid first day of May, (hall buy any cloth of any faftor penalty on or factors, or other person or persons, except of the owner of persons felling fuch doth, otherwife than for ready money; that then, and in ck*h without every fuch cafe, the faftor of faftors, person or persons fellingindLgleainir fuch doth, fhall within twelve days next after the Jfale and de- to demand a* livery of the lame, take or demand a note in writing from the note of the person or persons buying fuch cloth, teftifying under the hand buyer in 1* of the buyer of the cloths fo fold, and the fum of money fuch dayaafterfate doth was fold for, and payable by fuch buyer, to the owner of fuch cloth, according to the contraft, ana (hall deliver on demand fuch note, with notice of fuch buyer’s ufual place of a-bode thereon fubfcribed, to the owner of the cloth fo fold, or to any person authorized by the owner to demand and receive the fame, on pain to forfeit to the owner or owners of fuch doth, for every negleft or refufel of demanding fuch note, or fuch delivery thereof, with notice as aforefaid, double the value of the cloth fo fold, to the owner or owners of fuch cloth ; and Penalty on if any merchant, woollen draper, or trader in the woollen ma-nufaefture, .buying any woollen cloth upon truft, (hall refufe or negleft: to give fuch note as aforefaid, upon requeft to him- for that purpofe to be made at any time after eight days next after the (ale and delivery of the faid cloth, he fliail forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty (hillings for every cloth fo fold, to the owner of the faid cloth ; and every piece of cloth, not cloth not re-aftually returned within eight days next after the fale and de- turned in s livery of the fame, (hall be and is hereby adjudged, deemed, day* after de-and taken to be pafled and approved of by the buyer as a mer-chantable cloth; and all contra&s, promifes and agreements,	1

for the allowing of any longer time for the palling of any cloth, lhall be and are hereby declared to be void.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalties, kc. all the forfeitures and penalties impofed by virtue of this aft,how 5®,** rc~ lhall or may be fued for and recovered by fcftion of debt, bill* covcfc<1, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record,

in which no eflbin,'wager of law, or protection, and but ooe imparlance (hall be allowed; and if not otherwife herein before difpofed of, one moiety thereof (hall be. to the ufe of his Ma-i jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other to the informer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- ^w”CTf .

forelaid. That if the owner of the cloth (hall neglect to fue	in

for any of the penalties and forfeitures he (hall he intitted to $ monttos/any by virtue of this aft, by the fpace of fix months next after the other may fue* offence committed, then it (hall and may be lawful for any Abend by \ other person to fue for and recover the fame, and one moiety ^	**

thereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucce£ ‘ fors, and the other to the informer.

VIL And to prevent fraudulent prafticesof ft Jfofs as to the effefts of clothiers in their hands, and as to the debts due to clothiers, contrafted for by fuch faftors; be it further enaftedt by the authority aforefaid, That every person being a known or reputed faftor for felling clpth in the faid market of Blackwell

„ '	' ’	Hall,

Digitized by

Google

16	Anno	oftavo	Se	nond	GuLielmi	III.	c. to. [16^77

Fa6lors to give Hall, (hall, before the four and twentieth day of June, one effe^^their thoufand hundred ninety feven, if thereunto requefted by hands *of ^ any clothier or owner of eldth, give and deliver a true and par-cloth fold, and ticular account in writing to fuch clothier or owner of cloth, of of money due. the efte&s of fuch clothier or owner of cloth, which now are, or before the first day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, (hall be in the hands of fuch fa6fcor, and the particular ' cloths of fuch clothier or owner of cloth fold by fueh fa&or, and of the particular fums of money due to fuch clothier or owner of cloth by any contra& of fuch factor, and of the refpe&ive names and places of abode of every person from whom fuch fums are due 5 and if any fuch fa&or (hall refufe or neglect to Penalty. give and deliver fuch account as aforefaid, he (hall forfeit to the person or persons to whom he ought to give and deliver fuch account ten pounds, to be recovered and (ued for as aforefaid.

CAP. X/

An ail to enable the returns of juries as formerly, until the first day of November, 1697.

y & $ W. 3.	TI7 H E R E A S by an aft made in the first fejftom of this prefent

c* 32k	W parliament, intituled, An a& for the eafe or jurors, and

better regulating of juries, it is amongft other things enabled. That all conftables, tithingmen, and headboroughs of towns in each county, or their deputies, or feme or one of them, Jball yearly at the general quarter fejftons of the peace to be holden for each county, riding or di-vtfton, or any part thereof in the week after the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, upon the first day of the faid Jejftons, or upon the first day that the faid fejftons jball be held by adjournment at any other particular divifton or places return and give a true lift in writing of the names' and places of abode of all persons within the re-fpeftive places for which theyferve, qualified to ferve upon fuch juries, with their titles and additions, between the age of one and twenty years, and the age of fevtnty years, to the juftices of the peace in open court; which faid juftices, or any two of them at the faid fejftons, in the refpeftive counties, ridings or divifions, Jball caufe to be delivered a duplicate of the aforefaid returned lifts by the clerks of the peace of every county or riding, to the jherffs or their deputies, on or before the first day of January next following, and caufe the faid lifts to be fairly entred into a book by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe amongft the records of the faid court of fejftons; and no Jheriff /hall impanel or return any person or persons to try any of the ijfues joined in ariy of the faid courts, or to be or ferve in any jury at the affixes, fejftons of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or fejftons of the peace, that Jhall not be named or men-. tioned in the faid lift: and whereas feveral conftables,. not being ap -t prized of their duties, have neglefted to make returns of jurors in fuch manner as by the faid aft is dire fted, infemUch that there are really no lifts or duplicates of persons out. of which the jurors are to be returned or impanelled by the Jheriffs for the trials of fuch ffues

as

Digitized by

Google

tty;] Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi HI. c.n.	17

as aforefaid, ever made up, or entred into books as the faid aft dire bit, -in feveral counties of this kingdom $ and the Jherijfs being as aforefaid obliged by the faid ail, neither to return or impanel any person or persons that /ball Hot be named or mentioned in the faid lift, there	,

will,, in all and every the faid counties where there have been fuch to-talnegleils ds aforefaid (Unlefs other provifion Jhall be made) be a failure of trials by juries: For remedy whereof be it enacted, and it is hereby enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That it (hall and rhay be lawful at any Before t tfor* time before the first day of November, which (hall be in the year j*97- lift* of of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety (even, for all (he - iunes ** riffs or coroners of counties and places where fuch lifts have not been returned purfuant to the dire&ion of the faid a<ft, to make returns of jurors in all cafes whatfoever, in the fame manner as they might have done before the making of the (aid aeft, any thing in the faid a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding. And to After Mi-the end the faid a<ft may be duly put in execution from and after chaelmas }u-thefeaft of Saint Michael, which (hall be in the year of our ft ices required Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, all juftices of the	year-

peace are hereby required and commanded, at their refpedtive p y feffions of the peace that fhall be holden next before the feaft of Saint Michael yearly and every year, to iflue forth precepts to the refpe<ftive conftables within their refpeeftive Counties or divifions, thereby requiring them and every of them to make fuch return of persons to ferve upon juries, as by the faid a<ft is dire&ed.

CAP. XI.

An ail for the better preventing frivolotis and vexatious fuits.

P)R relief of his Majesty’s good fubjedts againft caufelefs and unjuft fuits, and for the better enabling them to reco-* ver their juft rights ; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and Where feveral after the five and twentieth day of March, which fhall be in the persons are year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and feven, defendants to. where feveral persons (hall be made defendants to any action or *n(1!^ plaint of trefpafs, aflault, falfe imprifonment, or Ejeilione firm a, or ’more of and any one or more of them (hall be upon the trial thereof ac- them acquit-quitted by verdi6t, every person or persons fo acquitted (hall *ed on trial, to have and recover his cods of fuif, in like manner as if a ver- ^ aU^were ac* did had been given againft the plairttiif or plaintiffs, and ac-qUltte(j, quitted all the defendants; unlefs the judge, before whom fuch caufe (hall be tried, (hall immediately after the trial thereof, in open court, certify upon the record under his hand, that there was a reafonable caufe for the making fuch person or persons a defendant or defendants to fuch action or plaint.

H. And^orafmuch asfor want 0^ a fujfment provifion by law for

/ ‘

Digitized by

)og!e

&

Defendant on judgment

fiven for him, :c. to recover and have execution on. .the fame.

A Salk. 194*

Plaintiff ob+ taming judgment on an afiion of vafte, See. to recover Ctfts.

If defendant be found guilty, plaintiff to have j cofts, See.

Anno o&avo & nono Guui^mi III. c. n.

the payment of cofts of fait, divers evil difpofed per fens ate encouraged to bring frivilous and vexatious actions, and others to negleft the duo payment of their debts; be it further ena&ed by the authority ar forefaid, That if/at any time from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, any person or persons fhall commence or profecute in any court of record, any action, plaint or fuit, wherein upon any demurrer, either by plaintiff or defendant, demandant or tenant, judgment (hall be given by the court a-gainft fuch plaintiff or demandant, or if at any time after judgment given for the defendant in any fuch a&ion, plaint or fait, the plaintiff or demandant (hall fue any writ or writs of error to annul the laid judgment, and the faid judgment (hall be afterwards affirmed, to be good, or the faid writ of error (hall be discontinued, or the plaintiff (hall be nonfuit therein, the defendant or tenant in every fijch a&ion, plaint, fuit or writ of error, (hall have judgment tp recover his cofts againft every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, demandant or demandants, and have execution for the fame by Capias ad fatisfaciendum* Fieri facias, or Elegit.

III.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of Marchy in all a&ions of wafte, and a&ions of debt upon the ftatute for not fetting forth of tithes, wherein the (ingle value ordamage found by the jury (hall not exceed the fum of twenty nobles, and in all fuits upon any writ or writs of Scire facias, and fuits upon prohibitions, the plaintiff obtaining judgment, or any award of execution after plea pleaded or demurrer joined therein, (hall likewife recover his colts of fuit; and if the. plaintiff fhall become nonfuit, or fuffer a djfcontinuance, or a verdidt fhall pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover his cofts, and have execution for the fame in like manner as aforefaid.

IV.	And for the preventing of wilful and .malicious tre(pafles, be it further ena&ed. That in all a&ions of trefpafs to be commenced or profecuted, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and lb-

in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejltmnflery

ven.

Caif againft executor# not Up be altered.

Plaintiff or ' defendant dy-

ing before fi-

nal

obtained, action not to abate.

wherein at the trial of the caufe it (hall appear, and be certified by the judge under his hand, upon the back of the record, that .the trefpafs upon which any defendant (hall be found guilty, was wilful and malicious, the plaintiff (hall recover not only his damages, but his full cofts of fuit; any former law to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to alter the laws in being as to executors or admini-ftrators, in fuch cafes where they are not at prefent liable to the payment of cofts of fuit.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in all aftions to be commenced in any court of record, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of Marchy one thoufend fix hundred ninety and feven, if any plaintiff happen to die after an interlocutory judgment, and before a final judgment obtained therein, the faid

• action

Digitized by LjOOQle

>%•] Anno o£tm	6c	tonbGoxielmi III. c. i r.

t&on (hall not abate by reafon thereof, if fuch a<ftion might be originally profecuted or maintained by the executors or adminiftrators or fuch plaintiff; and if the defendant die after fuch interlocutory judgment, and before final judgment therein obtained, the (aid adtion fhall not abate, if fuch a<5fion might be originally profeetted or maintained againft the executors or ad-fniniftrators of fiich defendant; and the plaintiff, or if he be plaintiff, Scci dead after fuch interlocutory judgment, his executors or adnri- have a niftrators, (hall and may have a Scire facids' againft the defend- Scire facias** ant, if living after fuch interlocutory judgment, or if he died deftn’ after, then againft his executors or- adminiftrators, to (hew Mod. Cafes in caufe why damages in fuch action (hould not be aflefled and re- Law, 115,366# covered by him or them \ and if fuch defendant, his executors or adminiftrators, (hall appear at the return of fuch writ, and not (hew or alledge any matter fufficient to afreft the final judgment, or being returned warned, or upon two Writs of Scire fd-m it be returned that the defendant, his executors or admini-ftrators, had nothing whereby to be fummoned, or Could not be found in the county, (hall make default, that thereupon a writ of inquiry of damages (hall be awarded, which being ex- On exec\jtlcni| ecuted and returned, judgment final (hall be given for the faid a final judg-plaintiff, his executors or adminiftrators, profecuti'ng fuch writ "I*01 ^ ** ' or writs of Scire facias, againft fuch defendant, his executors or f1^'; adminiftrators refpe&ively.	v	*

VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Aftions ma^ That if there be two or more plaintiffs or defendants, and one proceed not-ormore of them (hould die, if the caufe of fuc?h a6Hbnfhall witbftahdina furvive to the furviving plaintiff or plaintiffs, or againft the fuf- ^ viving defendant 6r defendants, the writ or action (hall not be^tiea. ihereby abated; but fuch death being fuggefted upon the record, *	.

the aftion (hall proceed at the fuit of the furviving plaintiff or plaintiffs againft the furviving defendant or defendants.

VIII. And be it further enaCted, That in all a&iorts, Which In a&ioits oti from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, prle b?"ds-V&c' thoufcnd fix hundred ninety and fbven, fhall be commenced dr profecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record, upon any breaches as hi bond or bonds* or on any penal fuirt, for non-peifofmance Of pleafes. any covenants or agreements in any indenture,, deed, or writing contained, the plaintiff of plaintiffs may afiign as many breaches as he or they (hall think fit, and the jury, upon trial of fuch jury may af> •aftion or actions, (hall and may aflefs, not only fuch damages left damage and cofts of fuit as have heretofore been ufually done irf foch cafes, but alfo damages for fuch Of the faid breaches fo. to be affigned, as the plaintiff upon the trial of. the iflues (hall prove to have been broken, and that the like judgment fhall be en-tred on fuch verdi<ft as heretofore hathheen ufually done in fuch like actions; and if judgment fhall be given for the plaintiff oa a demurrer, or by confeffion, or Nihil dicitr the plaintiff upon the roll may fuggeft as many breaches of the covenants and a-greements as he fhall thmk fit, upon which (hall iffue a Writ to the fheriff of that county where the a&ion (hall be brought, to 4..... *	C	7n	fumnfloa

Digitized by L^ooQie

Defendant ^ -paying damages, execution may be ftayed.

but judgment to remain, to anfwerany further breach,

and plaintiff may have a

Scire facias a-

gainfithe defendant.

Anno oftavo & nofto GtfLiELMi III. c. 12. [1697;

fummon a jury to appear before the juftices or juftice of afftze, or Nifi prius, of that county, to enquire of the truth of every one of thofe breaches, and to alfefs the damages that the plaintiff (hall have fuftained thereby; in which writ it (hall be commanded to the faid juftices or juftice of aflize, or Nifi prius, that he or they (hall make a return thereof to the court from whence the fame (hall iffue, at the time in fqch writ mentioned; and in cafe the defendant or defendants, after fuch judgment entred, apd before any execution executed, (hall pay unto the court where the acftion (hall be brought, to the ufe of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, fuch damages fo to be affefled by reafon of all or any of the breaches of fuch covenants, together with the cofts of fuit, a ftay of execution of the faid judgment (hall be entred upon record; or if by reafon of any execution executed, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, (hall be fully paid or fatisfied all fuch damages fo to be affeffed, together with his or their cofts of fuit, and all rcafonable charges and expences for executing the faid execution,. the body, lands, or goods of the defendant, (hall be thereupon forthwith discharged from the faid execution, which (hall likewife be entred upon record but notwithftanding in each cafe fuch judgment (hall remain, continue, and be, as a further fecurity to anfwer to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, and his or their executors or adminiftrators, fuch damages as (hall or may be fuftained for further breach of any covenant or covenants in the fame indenture, deed, or writing contained, upon which the plaintiff or plaintiffs may have a Scire facias upon the faid judgment againft the defendant, or againft his heir, terre-tenants, or his executors or adminiftrators, fuggefting other breaches of the faid cOr venants or agreements, and to fummon him or themrefpedtive-ly to (hew.caufe why execution (hall not be had or awarded upon the faid judgment. Upon which there (hall be the like proceeding as was in the a&ion of debt upon the laid bond of obligation, for,aflefling of damages upon trial of iffues joined upon fuch breaches, or inquiry thereof upon a writ to be awarded in manner as aforefaid ; and that upon payment or fatisfa<Slion in manner as aforefaid, of fuch future damages, cofts, and charges, as aforefaid, all further proceedings on the faid judgment, are again to be ftayed, and fo Coties quotics, and the defendant, his body, lands, or goods, (hall be difcharged out of execution, as aforefaid.

CAP. XII.

An act for continuing feveral additional impojiiions upon fever al goods and merchandizes*

Mojl gracious Sovereign^ \	\

WE your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje<SIs, th& commons affembled in parliament, for a further fuppiy of your MajestyY extraordinary c^cafigqsj and the effectual \ t ,	^	*	profccutioA

Digitized by v^ooQle

1697.] ' Aiino oftavo & nono Gttlielmi III. c. 13,14^	$%'

profecution of the war againft* France, and for fatisfaftion of fuch persons who have advanced and lent monies into your Ma-jefty’s Exchequer for the purpofcs aforefaid, have cheerfully and unaninjoufly given and granted unto your Majesty the impofi-tions and duties herein after mentioned, for and during the term hereafter exprefled, and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, \xC parliament afembledy and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral Additional additional and other tates, impofitions, duties, and charges, impofitions on upon goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom of in“|Port* England, dominion of Waksy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy \y. &M. c5 5. and from thence exported, mentioned, exprefled, and granted &c. continued in and by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reiga/rom 1 March» of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen Marjy intituled, aft for granting to their MajeJties certain additional impofitions up-	97*

on feveral goods and merchandizeSyfir the profecuting the prefent war ogmfi France, (hall be Continued from the first day of March, in the year of our Lord one thouland fix hundred ninety fix, and be raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, and paid unto his Majesty* his heirs and fucceffors, until the feventeenth day of May, in the year of otir Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven; and that the faid aft, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, andclaufes, therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and efFeft, until the faid feventeenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, and ihall be applied, praftifed, and executed, for railing, levying, collefting, answering, and paying the faid additional duties, and other rates and impofitions hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft.

CAP. XIII.

At aft for continuing feveral former afts for punifhing- officers and fol- gxp# diers who (hall mutiny or defert his Majesty’s fervice, and for punifhing falfe mutters, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the compleating the building and adorning the cathedral church of Saint Paul, London, and for repairing the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Weftminfter.

WH E R E A S by an aft made in the parliament begun at Weft- x jac, a. c. 15.

minfter the nineteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord m thoufand fix hundred eighty and five9 and in the fir ft year of the reign of the late King James the Second, intituledy An act for rebuilding, finilhing, and adorning of the cathedral church of Saint Paul’s, Londotiy it was enacted, That for all forts of coals,	\

which from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred eighty and feven, and before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, should be imported and brought into the port of the faid city-of London, or the

C 3	river

Digitized by Google

nonoOulielmiIII. C.i$,r6.	[^69yZ

riper of Thames* within the liberty of thefaid city upon the fame river, there should be paid by way of impofition thereupon, over and befides ail other impofitions and duties, according to the rates therein* after mentioned (that is fay) For all fopt of coals and culm 4s are ufually fold by the chaldron, for every chaldron thereof, containing thirty fix bujbels Wincbefter meafitre, the fum of eighteen pence i. and for fuch fort of coals as are fold by the tun, for every tun there-of, containing twenty hundredweight, the like fum of eighteen pence % which faid impofition of eighteen pence for every chaldron or tun erf cods the faid aft doth appoint how to be alleged and paid, and in tha firfl pkee to be applied and dijpofed to the rebuilding, finishing, and aborning the faid cathedral of Saint PaulV, and for the compleating /	parochial churches, as by the fail aft more at targe appears: And

whereas not only the monies hitherto received for the find dutyy boti fever great fums of money advanced upon the credit of the faid aft v •	{a configurable part whereof is now owing) and all other fupplies haw*

'	been carefully expended and laid out about the faid work, whereby the

fame is far advanced, and yet by reafan of the extraordinary expend of Jbippihg in time of war, and deamefs of materials, the money hitherto provided for the works intended vy the find aft hath proved defective ; and unlefs famefurther provifion be made for compleating the find works, that which is already done will be greatly damaged, if . net wholly "loft; and .in cafe the fame fixdlbe cmpleatyd, it will bo neceffary that fame other things be done, both for the convenience and ornament of the faid cathedral church. See* '

EXP/	IUity laid on coals and culm from 19 Sept. 1700. to 29 Sept. 1716# Fay

Altered by 9 every chaldron, 11 d. Every tun, is d. to be applied., One fixth part t<*} Annap, c, xx. the repairing Saint Peters Weftminiter. vpoo 1. out of thefe duties to be ft 9» '	paid in 4 years towards bqilding Saint Thomas church in Southward

The ftipend to the Purveyor general of the building of St. Paul’s fhall be paid in the proportions following 5 one moiety yearly, and the other moiety in one intire fum, within fix months after ftmthmg the church*

CAP. XV.

repairing the highway between Ryegate in the county of $my rey, a#4 Crawley in the county of Suflex.

CAP. XVI.

An aft. for enlarging common highways.

¥ cl* C*r’ Wf H E R E A S -etnaft made in the thirteenth 1and fourteenth years.

■ 9' •»*	V V of the reign of King Charles the Second, for enlarging com-

pnon highways, is expired, and that the ordinary courfe appointed by fhe laws and fiatutes of this realm is not fufficient for the enlarging of the highways of this kingdom j be. it enabled by the King’s fnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temppfal, and the commons* in this • prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Jufti^es may Tfhat the juftices of the peace pf any pounty, city, riding* divi-wtysTyhards fior>*	hr	place» pr the major part of them; being five

m breadth. *t the Jeaft, at their quarter feffions, fhalj have power to enlarge ‘	or widen aqy highways in their refpedtive counties, ridings, di-

viftons, liberties, or places, fo that the ground to be taken into ^ feuj highways do not exceed eight yards in breadth, and

' ' ‘	‘	m



A? a#

Digitized by

Google

16$;,]	Anho o&avo & hono Gulielmi III. C. i6>	2	j

that the faid power do not extend to pull down any houfe, or to take away the ground of any garden, orchard, court, or yard: and for the fatisfaftionofthe persons who are owners of or may Damage* to be interefted in the (aid ground that (hall be laid into the faid highways, the faid juftices are hereby impowered to impanel a Cd y jury before them, and to adminifter an oath to the faid. jury, that they will aflefs fuch damages to be given, and recompencc to be made, to the owners and others interefted in the faid ground rent or charge refpeftively,, for their refpedtive interefts, as they (hall think reafonable, not exceeding five and twenty1104 exceeding yeirs purchafe for lands fo laid out, and likewife fuch recom-	pur>5

pence as they (hall think reafonable, for the making of a new ditch and fence to that fide of the highway that ftiall be fo enlarged, Mid alfo fatisfaftion to any person that may be otherwife injured by the enlarging of the faid highways; and upon payment of the faid money fo awarded, or leaving it in the hands On payment of the clerk of the peace of the refpeftive county, for the ufe nioney, of the owner, or Of others interefted in the faid ground, the divefted°of hit intereft of the faid persons in the faid ground rent or charge intereft in the (ball be for ever diverted out of them; and the faid ground, ground, and all other grounds that (hall be laid into any highway by virtue of this aft, (hall be efteemed and taken to be a public* highway to all intents and purpofes whatfoever 5 and the faid Afferent* to juftices of the peace for any county, city, riding, divilion, li-JJe fnhabU1 berty, or other place, or the major part of them, being five at tants for re-the lead, (hall have power to order one or more afleflment or pairing the afleffments to be made, levied, or coliefted, upon adl and every road?» *“4 the inhabitants, owners, pr occupiers of lands, houfes, tene- {^r|h ments, or hereditaments, in their refpeftive parifties or places, 9 that ought to repair the fame, to fuch person and persons, and in fuch manner, as the (kid juftices at fuch feflions (hall direct and appoint 5 and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for, according to the order and direftion of the faid juftices, for and towards the purchafing of the land to enlarge the faid highways, and for the making the faid ditches and fences 5 and the faid afleflment (hall, by order of the faid juftices, be levied by the overfeers of the highways, by diftrefs and fale Overfeers of of the goods of persons fo aflefled, not paying the fame with-the: highways in ten days after demand, rendring the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained to the owner and owners thereof; the diftrefs, if noft necw&ry charges of making and foiling fuch goods being first paid In 10 deduded.	'	days.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled, That no fuch Afleflments

afleflment or aflbffinents made in any one year, for enlarging of not to exceed highways, (hall exceed the rate of fix pepee in the pound of6 d« in the the yearly income of any lands, houfes, tenements and heredi- j^1	.

taments, nor the rateof fix pence in the pound for perfonal eftates.	9

III.	And that no person may be furprized by the power con- Juftices may tained in this aft, but may have timely notice to appear to make dfue their pre* their complaints to the faid juftices; be it enafted by the autho- cepts to own-rity aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace of any county, city^ ° grouna# rimng, divifion, liberty or place, or the m^or part of them,

C 4	being

Digitized by Google

Bight months

on riegleft timber to*be

fi)W, &<;•

Charges de. dulled.

Aflnoo&avo & nono GulIelmi III. c.i 6.	[1697;

being five at the Ieaft, at their quarter feflions, at the requefi of any person, for the putting in execution the powers contained in this aft for the enlarging of highways, fhall ifliie out their precepts to the owner or owners of ground, or others interefted in the fame, that are to be laid into the faid highways, to appear at the ne*t quarter feflions, or fhew caufe why the faid highways fhould not be enlarged$ any thing in this a<ft contain-* ed to the cpntrarynotwithftanding. ir ,	jy. Provided alfo, and bp it ena<5ted by the authority afore-

do^m timber 3 That if any order or decrep fhall be made by the faid ju- . ‘	’	ftices for the laying out of ground for the enlarging of high-

ways, that the owners or proprietors of the faid ground hav$ hereby free liberty, within eight months after fuch order, tQ jCpt down any wood qr timber growing upon the faid ground, or upon the negled thereof, that the fame fhall be fold by order of the faid juftices, and the owners of fuch wood or timber (hall receive the full of what fhall be piade of fuch wood or timber ; the charges of working the fame being first deduced.

Appeal to the	Y*	** furt^er ena&pd by the authority aforefaid, That

fudges ofaf.	n*aM and may be Jawfql for any pprfqn aggrieved by the order

' or decree of the fa|d justices, to appeal tq the judges of aflizc at the ne$t aflize only, to be held for the county where fuch decree qr order (hall be made $ and any of the faid judges are hereby imppwered tq re-examine, affiriq qr rpverfe t}ie laid former order and dperep, a§ in judgment they fhall think fit, and if affirmed, Jo award cofts aeaiqft fuch appellants for their vexation and delay, and to caule the fame to be levied by diftref$ and fale of the appellants goods, Veqdring the overplus (if any fuch be) to the faid appellants.

Ju ftices may	VI. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That where any cpna-

determine ap- highway at any time hereafter fhall be inclofed, after 9 onnquifitions	^ Damnum iflued, and inquifition thereuppn taken,

on writ of Ad it fhall and p>ay be Jawful to and for any person or persons inT quod Damwm. jured or aggrieved by fuch inclofure, to make their complaint thereof by appeal to the juftices at the quarter feflions to be held for the fame cqunty next after iqquifition taken, who are hereby authorized and impowpred to hqar and determine fuch appeal, and whofe determination therein fhall bp final; and if no fuch If no appeal, appeal fie jnade, then the faid inquifition and return, entred and tfTi in3m?lon re^orded by the clerk of the peace of fuch cqunty at the quarter to e m jng. (pgjons> foall be for ever afterwards binding to all persons what-r foever, without any further or other appeal $ any law qr ftatutq to the contrjpy notwitfiftandirtg.

VII.	And for thp batter convenience of travelling iq foch parts v pf this kingdorp which are remote from town?, and where fe-#	yeral highways meet; he it further ena&ed by the authority

aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majer fly’s juftices of the peacg, * at their rpfpe&iye fpecial feflions, to be h^ld once in fpqr months by virtue pf an a£t made in tho^ s &4.W.&M. third and fourth years of the reign of King William and Queen £■ *ir	Mary, intituled. An act for the better repairing and amending th4

highways, and for failing tbf rentes of carriage of goods, fo often,

-" . *	‘	'	“	*	'"	‘	m



Cofts to be levied by di-

Digitized by v^ooQle

'i6$7*] Anno octavo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 17.

and in fuch cafes, as they (hall think neceflary, to dire& their precept to the furveyors of the highways, in any parifli or place where two or more crofs highways meet, ^requiring them forthwith to caufe to be erefted or fixed, in themoft convenient place where fuch ways join, a done or poll, with an infeription thereon in large letters, containing the name of the next market town to which each of the faid joining highways leads, wfio is to be reimburfed according as the faid adt for the repairing of highways diredts: and in cafe any furveyor or furveyors (hall, by the (pace of three months, after fuch precept to him or them dire&ed and delivered, negledt or refufe to caufe fuch done or poll to be fixed as is aforefaid, every fuch offender (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divi-fion or liberty, where fuch pari(h or place (hall be, fuch warrant to be directed to the conftable or fuch parilh or place, requiring him to diltrain the goods of fuch offender, and fell the fame, rendring to him the overplus (if any be) and to employ fuch fum, fo levied, in and towards fuch (tone or po(t as is a-forefaid; and in cafe any part of the faid fum (hall remain after fuch (lone or poll eredted, then to employ fuch remaining fum Jn amending the fame crofs highways, and not otherwife.

CAP. XVII.	*

*5

Where crofs highways meet, aftone or poft to be eretted with the name of the next market town to which each highway lead#*

Penalty on furveyors neglecting to fix fiich port.

4n aft for paving and regulating the Hay Market in the pa~ rijhes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint James with-if! the liberty of Weftminfter.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth and 13 k 14 Car.

fourteenth yean of Charles the Second, late King of Eng- *•c* *• land, intituled, An adt for repairing the highways and (ewers, and paving and keeping clean the (treets, in and about the cities of London and Wefimiifier, and for reforming of annoyances and diforders in the (treets of, and places adjacent to, the faid cities, aod for tfie regulating and licencing of hackney coaches, and fpr the enlarging of feyeral (trait and inconvenient (treets and paffages, it was among other things enabled. That every load of hay, which from the firjl day of May, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, Jbould be brought, and ftahd to be fold upon any the ways in that aft expreffed and adjudged fit to be new paved, Jbould pay fix pence for every load, and likewij'e every cart of ftraw to be fold in the [aid places Jbould, after thefaid day, pay two pence, which faid films ■

Jbould be paid to the commiffioners which Jbould be appointed for the paving and mending the highways and fireets, or fuch as they Jbould appoint, for and towards the paying of thp fireets and higlrways; and forafmuch as the faid aft is now expired, the owners of fuch hay carts. and firaw carts, which are daily brought into and Jland in a fireet commonly called the Hay Market, lying and being m the partfhes of Saint Martin’s in the Fields, and Saint James’; within the liberty. of Weft ipinfter, by reafan whereof the repairs of the faid fireet are grown a great charge to the parijhioners there inhabiting, and cannot by law be compelled to contribute towards the paving, repairing and ftntnding the laid Jlreety tq the great grievance of (be faid parijhioners j

1	‘	''	'	*ruy

Digitized by

2$.	Atono	o&avd	&	nono	GULftLfol III. C.ijr; 1[&§f*

miy itthcrefote pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may beena<5ted,and be it enacted by the King’s moftexcellent ma-jefty, by and with tbe advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-Owner to pay bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the 3d* c™y five and twentieth day of Martha which (hall be in the year of hay brought 0ur Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, the owner of into the Kay every cart-load or parcel of hay, whidi mall be brought into Market to be and ftand to be foM in rite fold ftreet commonly called the Hap fold,	Market* (hall pay to fuch person or persons as mall be appoint-

kad^of ftraw e<* the j^ftices of the peace of the county of Middk/ex, arid id. towards	city and liberty of fVeJimnfler) the fum of three pence, and like-

paving the	wife that the owner of every cart-load or parcel of ftraw, which

Hay Market, fhall be brought into and ftand to be fold in the laid ftreet, {Hall after the faid day pay the fum of one peny,in eafe of the parifh-ioners of the fatd parifheS, to fuch person or persons who ftikll be appointed from time to time, for and towards the paving, repairing, and amending the faid ftreet called the Hay Market.

II. And be It further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the owner or owners of any fuch cart-load or parcel of

Owners of hay or ftraw

again°for what or ft1*w, having paid the refpedtive fums aforefaid,' and the is not fold, fame being then not fold, but remaining to be brought to be fold the next market aay, fuch cart-load or parcel of hay or ftraw fell not pay again the like fum as above, the next market day, for ftanding there to be fold.

Owners re- III. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, fuung to pay. That in cafe any owner or owners of fuch cart-load or parcel of hay or ftraw (hall, after the faid five and twentieth day of' March, refufe to pay the ftim of three pence for every fuch cartload or parcel of hay, and the (aid fum of one peny for every fuch cart-load or parcel of ftraw, brought into, and ftanding in, the faid ftreet called the Hay	,	as	aforefaid, it (hall and

may be lawful, after demand thereof made by fuch person or persons as. (hall be thereunto lawfully authorized, to levy the fame upon the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant of diftrefs, which any juftice of the peace of the *he. to be county of Mtddlefex, or the (aid city and liberty of Weflminjler^ ftrefs y ^ ‘ *s hereby authorized to grant under his hand and feal, on oath to be made before him by the party who demanded the fame, that the fame is refilled to be paid, and that it is not paid j which (aid goods and chattels (hall and may be fold within three days after the diftrefs made, and the overplus to be returned to the owner, the charge of the diftrefs b«ng only .deducted.

IV.	And for preventing all difputes concerning the extent of the faid ftreet; be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be conftrued to extend in length from the old toll poll at the upper end of the Hay , over againft a houfe lately called Coventry Hpufe, to the Phoenix inn at the lower end of the faid Hay Market,and the houfe over againft it, and in breadth from the channel running by the homes ontheeaft-to the channel running by the houfes on the weft-fide, at * '	which

and fate of goods.

* Stent of the ay Market.

Digitized

3d by Google

tAnno o&avo & itfmo Guli*lmi III. c. 17.	27

which places polls or (tones (hall be fet tip by the din&ions of the laid jufticcs of peace, which (hail be eueetned to be the brands and extent of the faid market.

V.	And	whereas	by an alt made in tbt fecond	of his	W&M:	f.*,

Mqefty and the late £>ueen Mary, intituled. An act for paving c- 8.

and cteanfing the dreets in the cides of Lenden and and fuburbs and liberties thereof, and oat parifltcs in the county of	Middlefex, and in the borough of Southwark, and other places'

within the weekly bills of mortality in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned, it was anmgfi ether things enabled. That from and after the fifteenth day of December, me tboufand fix hundred and ninety, aw or ptrftms whatfeeverfioulfpemutor fufftr his or their waggon, tart, or carr, to flood or be in the	place tailed the Hay Market near Piccadilly, in

the petrifies of Saint Martin's in die fields	Saint James’/

in the liberties	efWeftminfter,	leaden with hay or fir aw, to fell the

fame, from Michaelmas to Lady day, after two of the doth in the sfitrnm,and from Lady day to Michaelmas after three of the pock in the aftemeon, on pain to forfeit for every offence and neglell five JbUlings	refpeliively :and whereat divers	ufing the faid ■

plate tailed fha Hay Market, near Piccadilly	have	had

jeveral informations againfi them for offending agasnft the faidflatute, and paid the penalties thereof, which hath been chiefly occafioned by the want of convenient notice before the times limited by the faid alt did determine, and feveral informations on the faid alt have been given hug after the	Jtcppofed offences committed, whereby the feveral per fans

tifmg the faid Hay Market, by the length of time, have not been able to difprove	fuch informations, which hath been a great mifabief and

hfluiragement to the persons ufing the faid Hay Market: for prevention of which mifchiefs and inconveniencies for the time to come, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid A bell to be person or periods, fo to be from time to time appointed to coj- rung twice fed the faid toll, do twice on every market day, to wit, on ®vei7 market Tutfday, Thurfday, and Saturday in every week, ring, or caufe to <*ay‘ be rung, a large hand bell round the laid place called the Hay Market, before any forfeiture of five (hillings for the faid offence Hull be incurred, whereof phe first time to be an hour before, and the laft time at the expiration of the faid refpe&ive hours m and by the faid recited adt appointed for all persons ufing the laid market, as aforefaid, to leave the fame; on every default or on default of-defaults of ringipg fuch bell twice, as aforefaid, no perlon or ringing the persons whatfoever ufipg the faid Hay Market for the faid pur- be,*». **** poles, the next immediate ufual market day or days after every t'me°to fuch default or defaults, lhall be liable to pay ^ny toll for any be toll-free, waggon, cart, or carr (landing or that (hail Hand .in the faid Hay hflarlet to fell hay or firaw; and the faid market is hereby in that cafe, and on fuch day of days, a§ aforefaid, declared to be toll-free.	.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, be demanded That all and every forfeiture or forfeitures for any offence or the fame day

‘ m or times hereafter to )>e incurred, for Hay-, as offence .......... "v ................................. jpg	committed.

Digitized by Goo< •

And complaint to be made to a juftice of quorum.

«£ Anno oftavb & nono Gulielmi III. c.18,19;	[i 697.

Ing or continuing longer in the laid market, called the Hay* Market, than is in and by the faid recited a6l appointed, (hall" be demanded in the faid market place, by the person ringing the faid bell, the fame day on which fuch offence or offences (hall or may happen to be committed, and complaint (hall be. made of every fuch offence, to fome one juftice of the quorum. within the faid county, or city and liberty of IVeflminfier^ before; the next immediate fucceeding market day, of which complaint* notice (hall be given to the party offending, the next time he comes to the faid market, or elfe no person or persons ufing the (aid Hay Market (hall be liable to or chargeable with any for-Party to have ^ture or forfeitures, for (laying longer in the faid market fori notice the the purpofes aforefaid, than in and by the faid recited a& is. next time he limited and appointed; the faid recited a6l or any thing therein C°mrShi>rClfe conta*nedt0 the. contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. not jabe. VII. t0 fa ena a true acc0unt may be given of the toll to be gathered and received by virtue of this a6t, be it Colleftor to cna<^e<^ by the authority aforefaid. That the person and persons give a yearly that (hall colledt and difpofe of the money by virtue of this a6fc account of all arifing by the faid toll, (hall yearly, every Eajler feffions, give monies col- the juftices of the peace of the faid county and city (who are Imw difoofed ^ere^Y impowered to require the feme) a particular account up-* on oath (which the, faid juftices are hereby impowered to ad-minifter) of all monies colle&ed by virtue of this a6l, and how the fame is or (hall be from time to time difpofed of; and in cafe on the foot of any fuch yearly account any money (hall re-, main undifpofed of, according to the true intent of this adl, fuch remainder (hall be difpofed of for the benefit of the (aid If any re- county of Middlefex^ in fuch manner as the faid juftices at fuch mains, how to feffiong (hall think fit. be difpofed of. .	CAP.	XVIII.

An act for relief of creditors, by making; compofitions with their debtors, in cafe two thirds in number and value' do agree. Repealed by ia W, t. cap. 29.

CAP. XIX.

An aft far repealing a claufe in a former aft relating to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abufes in < brewers and others chargeable with the duties of excife*

WHEREAS in one aft made in the laft fejftons of this prejent parliament, intituled, An a61 for laying feveral duties up-c.30.1. ap. on jow wineS9 or fpirits of the first extradion, and for prevent-* ing the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other persons chargeable with the duties of excife, it is amongft other things enafted in the words, or to theejfeft following (videlicet) That all common brewers, innkeepers or viftuallers, who after-the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, Jball brew or make a party guile, Jhall declare to the gauger or gaugers ap~

<	pointed	to gauge and take an account of the fame, how much of fuch

guile he or hey intended to make into ftrong beer or ale, and hoiv much into /mall, before any part of fuch guile is cleanfed, and Jhall Continue all the faid jlrong beer in their tuns until the Jaid fmall beer

_	Jball

Digitized by

Google

*9

1697?] Anno, o&avo & oono GulielMi III, c. 19.'

/ball be carried out and delivered y and'in cafe fucb brewers, innkeepers or victuallers, or their refpeClive fervants, brewing or making fucb guile of beer or ale, /ball refufe to declare to fucb gauger or officer, bow much of their guile or brewing they intend to make into Jlrong beer, or Jlrong ale, and how much into finally before any part of fucb guile is cleanfed, or /ball permit the faid jlrong beer to be carried out of their turn, until the faid fmall beer Jball be carried out and delivered, fucb gauger or gaugers Jball charge and return the whole of fuch guile to be Jlrong, and fucb brewer, innkeeper or victuals ter9 Jhall pay the duties thereof accordingly; and in cafe fuch brewer% innkeeper or victualler, or their refpeClive fervants, after fuch declaration made,/ball make any increafe of their Jlrong beer or Jlrong ale, fo declared as aforefaid* by any ways or means whatfoeveryjuch increafe Jball be deemed and taken to be and proceed from mixing fmall beer with Jlrong beer, or Jlrong aley and fuch brewer, innkeeper or victual ler,Jhall forfeit and tofe9 for every barrel fo increafedy the fum of forty Jbillings, and fo in proportion for a greater or lejfer quantity, over and above the penalties already impofedfor mixing Jmall beer with Jlrong : and whereas it is'found by experience, that it is inconvenient to the brewers within London, and the weekly bills of mortality, and impracticable to the brewersy innkeepers and victuallers in the country,9 to keep their Jlrong beer in their tuns until their fmall beer is carried out and delivered^ as by the claufe above recited is required y be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That from and after the tenth day of Aprily in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, the faid claufe, and every thing therein contained, lhall be and hereby is repealed and made void to all intents and pur- claufe repeal-pofes whatfoever.	ed.

II.	And for the more effectual preventing the frauds of the brew-erSy which are now frequently praClifedy by mixing fmall beer with Jlrong y be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That every Brewer to de« common brewer, who after the faid tenth day of April, lhall clare how brew or make any guile of beer or ale, lhall declare to the or ale5 gauger or gaugers appointed to gauge and take an account of ^intends to-the fame, how much ftrong beer or ftrong ale he intends to make of each make of fuch guile, and alfo how much fmall (if he intends tq guile, make any fmall) before any part of fuch guile is cleanfed or re-moved out of his tunsy and in cafe any fuch brewer, or his refpedtive fervants, brewing or making fuch guile of beer or ale, lhall refufe to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, fuch gauger or gaugers (hall charge and return the whole of fuch guile to be ftrong, and fuch brewer lhall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and lhall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every barrel of beer or ale contained in fuch guile, the fum of twenty (hillings; and in cafe fuch brewer, or his refpe&ive fervants, after fuch declaration made as aforefaid, lhall make any increafe of the ftrong beer or ftrong ale fo declared as aforefaid, by any ways or means whatr locver, or in cafe fuch gauger or gaugers lhaji fipd any beer, ale

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

3°



Penalty on brewerg fer-vants.

Beer or ale left may be added in fight of the gauger,

Beer or ale left and added to a new guile, gauger to charge the fame as new drink, and brewer to pay the duties*

Anno o&anro & none GutfBLMl III. c.19.

or worts, of the fame guile laid off, ewer and above the quantity fo declared as aforefaid, foch brewer (hall forfeit and lofe for every barrel fo increafed, laid off, or found over and above theS quantity declared as aforefaid, the fum of five pounds; and the fervant or fervants of foch brewer, who were any ways concerned or aflifting in making foch increafe after the laid declaration* or in laying off any beer, ale, or worts of foch guile, before fuch declaration made, as aforefaid, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every barrel fo increafed or laid off, the fum of twenty (hillings, and in default of payment thereof, (hall fuffer three months imprifonment; and in cafe upon any information brought a-gainft foch brewer for the penalties by this a& impofed For in-creafing his length of ftrong beer or ale, as aforefaid, it (hall appear by the evidence given in behalf of foch brewer, that the ftrong beer or ale fo declared, as aforefaid, was increafed by adding to or mixing with the fame, any beer or ale that was left in the brewhoufe of a former guile of his or her brewing, fuch brewer (hall incur all the faid penalties, except it be alio proved by the oath of one or more credible witnefles, that t{ie ftrong beer or ate fo added to fuch guile, was added to foch guile in the fight and view of the gauger, the faid evidence, or any other thing to the contrary, in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas many brewers having ftrong leer or ale remaining in their brewhoufes from the time it was brewed, until the next guile or brewings the quality of which they frequently alter by mixing with the fame new fmall beer, or old returned drink, and then add the beer and ate fo altered to the next guile, by means whereof his Majesty is often defrauded of his duties of excife; be it therefore declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if it (hall appear to the gauger that the quality of fuch ftrong beer or ale fo remaining in the brewhoufe of a former guile, and added to a guile of new drink, as aforefaid, hath been fo altered firtce it was brewed, fuch gauger (hall charge and return all fuch beer and ale fo altered and added to a guile of new drink, as if the fame were then originally brewed, and had never been charged before, and foch brewer (hall pay the duties thereof accordingly.

IV.	And forafmuch as it is found by experience, that his Majesty is very much defrauded of his duties of excife by many brewers, wha by private pipes and ftopcocks under ground, and other private conveyances, have communication between their ftrong beer tuns and their fmall beer tuns, whereby they do privately mix the fmall beer with

Brewers to take up their pipes, ftopcocks, and qther conveyances under ground.

their ftrong beer or ale, and alfo convey their beer, ale, or worts, from

the Jtght and view of the gaugers appointed to gauge and take an account of the fame, which is alfo prejudicial to other brewers, whtr work fair, and pay his Majesty hisfull duty; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every common brewer, having or keeping any pipe or ftopcock under ground, or any other private pipe, or other private conveyance in or about his brew-hqpfe, by which any beer, ale, or worts, may be conveyed from one tun or brewing veflel to another, or out of any fuch tun or brewing veflel into any other place, (hall before the eight and " '	twentieth.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*$97*J	A11*10 oftsvo & nono Gwmelmi III, c. 19.- r 31

twentieth day of April, one tbettfand fix hundred ninety fe-ven, take up, at demohlh every filch pipe, ft opcode, and other private conveyance, and (hall alio ftop up every hole in every and flop np tun, hatch, or float, by. which any beer, ale* or worts, may bethe ho,ein conveyed into or out of fuch tuny batch or float, or any of them j t^< and that no common brewer, from and after the laid eight and * twentieth day of April, (hall have or keep any fuch pipe, ftop-cock, or other private conveyance, by which any beer, ale, or Penalty on worts, may be conveyed from one tun or brewing veflel to ano- P^^hk*^ tber, or out; of any fuch tun or brewing veflel into any other *	p™‘

place, nor (hall have or keep any hole in any fuch tun, batch, or float, by which any beer, ale, or worts, may be conveyed into or out of fitcb tun, batch, or float, or any of them, oa pain to forfeit for every fuch offence the film of one hundred pounds.

V.	And for the better difeovering of all fuch pipes, ftopcocks, officers of ex-and other private conveyances aforefaid ; he it further enadted, cifemay break That from and after the faid eight and twentieth day of April,

it fliall and may be lawful tq and for the gaugers and officers of brewhou excife, or any of them, in the day time, and in the pretence of and fearch for a con liable, or other lawful officer for the peace, on requeft first private pipes, made, and caufe declared, to break up the ground in any common brewhoufe, or ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, or other place, to fearch for any fuch private pipe, or other private conveyance, and upon finding any fuch pipe, or other private conveyance, to follow the fame, and to break up the ground, haufe, wall, or other partition or place, through, or into which any luch pipe or other private conveyance (hall lead, and to break up or cut any foch pipe, or other private conveyance, and to turn any cock or cocks, to try and examine whether fuch pipe, or other private conveyance, may or can convey any beer, ale, or worts, out of one tun or brewing veflel into another, or out of any fuch tun or brewing veflel into any other place.

VI.	Provided always, That in cafe upon fuch fearch made, as if no pipe be

atbrefaid, no fuch pipe, or other private conveyance (hall be found, officer found, fuch gaugers and officers lhall make good the ground, *P®*fc* wall, or other place, fo broken up as aforefaid, or make reafon-	on

able fatisfa&ion to the owner or owners thereof; and if any brewen, , common brewer, or any other person or persons whatfoever, oppofing oP lhall oppofe, obftruft, or hinder any fuch gauger, or officer, in ficcrs*

the dim execution, of the powers hereby given and granted, every filch brewer and other person lhall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fnm. of fifty pounds.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared. That Brewers may k lhall and may be lawful to and for. any common brewer, to ufe pipes, < keep and make ufe of any pipes, ftop-cocks, or other convey- ftop-cocks, ances above ground, which are publick and in open view, for ^u^¥* the letting his worts out of his copper into his publick backs or ** coolers, and for the letting his wotts out of fuch publick backs

or coolers into hif .publick tipis, hatches, or floats, or out of 2	any

3*

Penalty on

giving notice to the ettcife-office.

“Anno o&avo & non6 GuLielmi III. C.19.	[1^9^

any publick tun into his calks$ any thing in this adk, or arty other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

VIII. And whereas^ notwithftanding the penalties already impofed by former alts, it is found by experience, that feveral brewers, do fet up and keep private backs and tuns, by which his Majejly is much defrauded of his duties of excife, ani other brewers, who pay their full duties, are much prejudiced in their trade thereby; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any common brewer brewer fetting (hall, at any time after the faid tenth day of April, without no-up or altering tice thereof first given at the next office of excife, eredt or fet ^without >UP atlY turb batch, float, cooler, or copper, or (hall alter or enlarge any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, already eredt-ed or fet up, or fliall have or keep any private or concealed tun* batch, float, cooler, or copper, other than fuch as are openly difeovered and known to be commonly ufed in his brewhoufe or place of brewing, every fuch brewer (hall forfeit and lofe for every tun, batch, float, cooler, and copper fo eredted or fet up, altered, or enlarged, kept private, or concealed, without fuch notice given, as aforefaid, the fum of two hundred pounds. ’Penalty on IX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid, brewer or cy- That if any common brewer, or maker of cyder, brewing or der maker de- making any beer, ale or cyder for fale, (hall at any time 5ter ffiUer”8 vine*	tent^ ^ay °f April, deliver to any diftiller or vinegar

gar maker any ma^er> any walh, tilts, ale, beer, vinegar, beer or cyder, with-wafh, &c.	1	out first giving notice to the gauger or gaugers within whofe di-'

without giving vifion or diftridt fuch brewer or maker of cyder doth or (hall innotice to the habit* what quantity of walh, tilts, ale, beer, vinegar, beer or cyder, he intends to deliver, and when and to whom he intends to deliver the fame, every fuch common brewer or maker of cyder (hall forfeit and lofe, for every barrel of walh, tilts,

ale,	beer, vinegar beer and cyder, delivered without fuch notice given as aforefaid, the fum of twenty (hillings.

X. And whereas it is found by experience, That notwithftanding the penalties impofed by former alts, many diftillers do ereft and fet up private backs, ft ills, and other vejfels, by which his Majesty is much defrauded of his duties of excife; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no common diftiller or maker of low wines, fpirits or ftrong waters for fale or exportation, (hall at any time after the faid tenth day of April, eredt or let up any tun, calk, walh-batch, copper, ftill, or other veflel,- for the brewing, making, or keeping of any worts, wa(h, low wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters, nor alter or enlarge any tun, calk, wa(h-batch, copper, ftill, or other veflel, already eredted or fet

up,	nor (hall have or keep any private or concealed tun, calk, wafh-batch, copper, ftill, or other veflel, nor any private or concealed warehoufe, ftorehoufe, cellar, or other place for the

witboutgiving brewing, making, laying, or keeping any worts, walh, low notice, wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters, without first giving notice thereof at the next office of excife, within the limits or jurif-didtion whereof he or they do or (hall inhabit, upon pain to for-• »	feit

gauger.

No common diftiller, &c. to fet up any tun, calk, &c.

nor keep any privafe tun, nor warehoufe, &c.

Digitized by booQle

j6gy.] Anno oftavo & nono Gcjlielmi III. c. 19.

$3

feit for every , tun, cafk, wafh-batch, copper,' ftili, warehoufe, underpenalty ftoi-ehoufe, cellar, or other place fo ereded or fet up, altered or ot 2ola enlarged, kept private or concealed, the fum of twenty pounds $ and that all and every person or persons in whofe occupation Penalty for any houfe, out-houfe, or other place whatfoever, is or (hall be, concealing Where any fuch private or concealed tun, calk, wafh-batch,fuch tua» copper, ftill, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, (hall be difeo-vered or found, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XI.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That Perfonshaving..

from and after the faid tenth day of Aprils every person or per- a (hii of 20 fons making or keeping any wafh, cyder, or other materials fit	to

for diftillation, and having in his or their pofleflion or occupa- be efteeraed a tion, any ftill or ftills, containing twenty gallons or upwards, common diproof being made thereof by the oath of one or more credible ftillcr, and li-witnefles before fome juftice of the peace, who is hereby im- ^clTof powered to adminifter the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to

be a common diftiller for fale, and (hall be liable to the feveral rates and duties of excife, and fubjed to the feveral and refpec-tive penalties and forfeitures impofed by this or any former ad now in force ; the faid ad or any other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, pines how to That all the fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this ad impofed, be fued for. (hall be fued for, recovered* and levied by fuch ways, means,

and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVefiminfter \ and thsft one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difeo-ver, inform, or fue for the fame.

XIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the fecond year of the reign % W. &M (£

cf his Majejly and the late Queen Mary of blejfed memory, intituled,	c- 9*

An ad for the encouraging the diftilling brandy and other fpirits from corn, and for laying feveral duties on low wines, it was enabled and declared, That it /hould and might be lawful to or for any person or persons, during the continuance of that aft, to make, draw, or dijlil, for fale, or to be retailed, any low wines or fpirits from drink brewed from malted corn; upon the encouragement of which faid aft many persons have, at great charge, fet up works for diftilling from corn, and the faid aft being fince expired; be it therefore further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, Any person That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any person or persons, may diftil for who have already fet up any works or offices, or who (hall here- fde low wines after fet up any works or offices for that purpofe, and thereof fhall give notice to the commiflioners of excife, within ten days maited corn, after the ereding fuch office or work, to make, draw, or diftill See. paying the for fale, or to be retailed, any low wines or fpirits from drink duties Iwewed from malted corn or cyder, and to redify and refine any fuch fpirits of their own making only, paying the duties, and being fubjed to all fines and penalties as other diftillerr are ;

Vol. X,	J>

Digitized by L.ooQLe

34	Anno	oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. €.2o. [1697.

any law, charter, or other thing, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for making good the deficiencies of feveralfunds therein mentioned \ and for enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England •, and for raifing the publick credit.

\Xf H E R E A S feveral persons, as well natives as foreignersr VV bodies politick and corporate, did advance and lend, at the receipt of his Majefiy's Exchequer, very confiderable fums of money> upon the fecurity of the feveral and reflexive aids, revenues, or funds, herein after mentioned; that is to fay, upon the first aid of four JhiU lings in the pound, payable out of lands and other things for one year, by 4W.&M. c.i. virtue of an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the fourth year of the reign of his Majefiy and the late Sheen of blejfed memory, where* by interefl, not exceeding the rate ofjeven pounds per centum peir annum, was allowed for the fums borrowed in purfuance thereof; and upon the third aid of four J,hillings in the pound, payable out of lands qnd other things for one year, by virtue of an aft of parliament made 6W. 3.C. 3. andpafled in the fexth year of his Majefiy's reign, whereby interefl9 not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, was allowed for the fums thereby borrowed; and upon the fourth aid of ,	four Shillings in the pound, payable out of lands and other things, for

one year, by virtue of an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the 7 W. 3. c. 5. feventh year of his Majefiy's reign, whereby interefl, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds, per centum per annum, is allowed for the fums borrowed in purfuance thereof; and upon the monies which were to arife by an aft pajfed in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in 5 & 6 W. &	the fifth and fixth years of their faid Majefties reign, whereby a pod

M. c. 14.	was granted to their Majefties, payable quarterly for one year; which

monies were direfted to be applied to fatisfy the principal of fuch loans ;

; . and upon the monies which were to arife by the three fourth parts of the cufioms, after fatisfaftion of the principal and interefl of five hundred thmfandpounds charged thereupon by an aft of parliament in a W. & M. (T.	the fecond year of their faid Majefiies reign \ for which loans fo made,*

*• Cm	and which were intended to be paid out of the three fourths of the

cufiomsy the lenders were intitled to receive interefl after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum. And whereas the greatefl part of the monies fo lent upon the aids, revenues, or funds, before mentioned, hath been aftually fattsfied and paid off, but the feveral terms, for which the faid refpeftive aids of four JhilHngs in the pound, and the faid poll money, were granted, being determined and expired, and * three hundred thoufand pounds per annum out of the revenue of cuf-toms, being appropriated by aft of parliament to thefatisfaftion of other loans, it doth plainly appear that the feveral aids and funds herein before mentioned are deficient, and could not fully fatisfy all the monies which were charged thereupon, and the interefl thereof; and for fo much as remains unfatisfied, the refpeftive lenders, their executors, v	adminifirators,t	and	affigns,	have, or are intitled to have, in their

bands, tallies and orders cf repayment levied and dtawn according to the forms ufed in bis Majefiy's receipt of Exchequer : And whereas byjtn aft made and pajfed m the parliament holden at Weftminfter

in

Digitized by

169?.] Anno o&avo & nond Gulielmi III. c. 20.	35

in the Jhventb and eighth years of his Majejly* s reign, intituled. An 7 k 8VW. j; a<$ for continuing to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, glafs c- 31*' wares, ftone and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes and other earthen wares* for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftablifhing a national land bank* and for taking off the duties upon tunnage of (hips and upon coals, his Majejly was impoweted to borrow or take ihto the receipt of the Exchequer any fum or fums of money, either upon the credit of repayment by orders to be regiftred and paid in courfe, with inter eft after the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum, or upon credit of bills to be made payable upon demand, with inter eft Hof exceeding the rate of three pence per diem for every one hundred pounds, fo as that the principal fums, which at any one time Jhtiuld be due a nd owing either upon the faid orders, or upon the faid bills, or both* should not exceed the fum of two millions five hundred fixty four thoufand pounds ; and out of the monies to be raifed by the aft laft mentioned, it was direfted and intended, that the fums following should be paid and applied, that is to fay, the fum of five hundred and fixty thoufand pounds to difcharge monies which were lent at the receipt of Exche-* quer upon the fecurity of certain duties upon glafs wares, flone and earthen bottles, coals and culm (which duties upon coals and culm were taken away by the aft lafl mentioned) and the intereft thereof, one hun* dred and forty thoufand pounds to anfwer and make good the rates and duties of tunnage upon Jbips, from the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, until the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven (which duties of tunnage upon Jbips Was alfo taken away by the fame aft) and the further fum of one hundred and forty thoufand pounds to anfwer and makegood the fates and duties upon fait, from the faid feventeenth day of May, one	r	;	>

thoufandfix hundred ninety fix, until the faid feventeenth day ofmxy,	r	,

one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, in the manner therein mention-ed; which faid feveralfums of five hundred and fixty thoufand pounds one hundred and forty thoufand pounds, and one hundred and forty thoufand pounds, amounting in the whole to eight hundred and forty thoufand pounds, being taken or fubdufted from the faid fum of two	f	]

millions five hundred fixty four thoufand pounds, the remainder thereof will amount to one million feven hundred twenty four thoufand pounds, which is borrowed, or may be borrowed by his Majejly for the fervice of the war againft France •, and the person or perjons who have advanced, or Jball advance the fame, his, her, or their executors, ad-mmflrators, or ajfigns, have, or may have, in their hands, tallies, and orders of repayment, or bills for the fums fo advanced, or to be advanced, which cannot in any reafonable time be fatisfied out of the faid duties chargeable therewith by the aft laft mentioned: and whereas feveral persons did advance and lend, at the faid receipt of the Exchequer, feveral other fums of money, at the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum for intereft, upon the credit of two third parts of the excife of eighteen pence per barrel, and other additional duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other UquGrs, which were granted to their faid Majejlies for four years, by an aft of parliament in the fectnd year of their reign,and afterwards continued by a fubfe- * W& M. flj f wnp ad of parliament in that behalf until the feventeenth day *•e*I0<

X> a	May,

Digitized by

3 6

r & 6 W. &

4& 5 W. & M. c. 5.

* & 6 W .k M. c. 21,

6 W. & M.

<*. I.

6 & 7 W. 3. c. 3,

6 & 7 W> 3* c. 6.

7 & 8 W. 3. c. 10.

Anno o&avo & nono GuliElMI III. C.20.	{1697,

May, one thoufand ftx hundred ninety /even, /r<?w which time the fame,	like duties of excite, continued or granted by aft of

parliament for other ufes: and whereas feveral persons, as well natives as foreigners, politick and corporate, W* <2^/0 advanced and lent at the faid receipt of the Exchequer, very confederate films of money upon the fecurity of other aids, fupplies, impofitions, revenues, funds, herein after mentionedthat is to fay, upon certain additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes, which were granted their faid Majefties by an aft pajfed in the parliament holden at Weft-minder, in the fourth and fifth years of their reign, to continue until thefirfe day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninetyftx, which aft allows intereft after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for the monies thereby borrowed, and upon certain duties payable for vellum, parchment, and paper, for four years,.which commenced from the twenty eighth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety four9 by virtue of an aft which pajfed in the parliament holden at Weft-minder, in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their faid MajeJiies, whereby there was allowed intereft, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for the monies lent in purfu-ance thereof \ and upon credit of a certain yearly fium of three hundred thoujand pounds, payable for five years, from the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety foury out of monies anfing by the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon merchandizes exported and imported, by virtue of feveral afts of parliament, pajfed in the fixth year of the reign of their faid Majefties, wherein a credit was given for any ferns, not exceeding one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds to be repaid, with itr-ter eft, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the first three hundred thoufand pounds, fix pounds per centum per annum for the fecond three hundred thoujand pounds, feven pounds per centum per annum for the third three hundred thoufand pounds, and eight pounds per centum per annum for the remaining three hundred and fifty thoufand pounds; and upon credit of an aft made in the parliament holden at Wedminfter, in the fixth and feventh years of his Majefiy s reign, for granting certain rates and duties upon marriagesy births, burials, batchelors, and widowers, for the term of five years9 from the first day of May, one thoufandfix hundred ninety five, where-by intereft, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, is allowed for the fums lent in purfuance thereof; and upon the credit of feveral impofitions, payable for wines, vinegar, tobaccoy Ead India goods, and other merchandizes imported, continued, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, by virtue of an aft pajfed in the parliament, which was holden at Wedminder, in the feventh and eighth years of his Majefiy's reign, whereby a credit was given for borrowing any fums, not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to be repaid with intereft not exceeding the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum for the firfl four hundred thoufand pounds, fix pounds per centum per annum for the fecond four hundred thoufand pounds, feven pounds per centum per annum, for the third four hundred thoufand pounds, and eight pounds per centum per annum for the remaining, three hundred thoufand pounds: and whereas a great part of the monies fo knt} upon the two third

part*

Digitized by

,‘y Google

tCg}.1} Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 20.’

parts of the faid additional duties of excife, and upon tbefaid additional impojitions payable for goods and merchandizes, and upon the faid duties payable for vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon the faid three hundred thoufand pounds per annum, charged upon the fubjtdy of tonnage and poundage, and upon the faid duties charged upon marriages, birthsy burials, batchelors and widowers, and upon the faid continued impofitions payable for wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, hath been actually repaid and fatisfiei with intereft; but by computing the product of thefe duties for the time pajl, and conftdering the terms yet to come and unexpired in them refpeftively, it is fuppojed and feared that the fame duties refpeftively, at the end of the feveral terms for which they are granted as aforefaid, will be more or tefs deficient to anfwer, pay off, and clear all the principal and inter eft of the monies which were authorized to be borrowed thereupon, and the persons intitled to the monies not paid ojf upon the duties lajt mentioned, have or may have, in their hands, tallies and orders of repayment for the fame: and whereas feveral persons or cor-r porations did advance and lend, at the faid receipt of Exchequer, other confiderable films of money upon the credit of an aft made in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in the fourth and fifth years of their w. faid Majefties reign, intituled. An ad for continuing certain c. 15. ads therein mentioned, and charging feveral joint ftocks, wherein a credit was given for the borrowing any fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, at inter eft not exceeding eight pounds per centum per annum, part of which monies doth fill remain unfatis- & 8 w fied, and the persons intitled thereunto have likewife tallies and orders 7Ct 30# * ** of repayment for the fame; and purfuant to another aft made and paffed in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in the feventh and eighth years of his Majefiy s reign, intituled. An ad for faying feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, and for preventing the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other persons chargeable with the duties of excife ; feveral other films of money have been lent to his Majefiy, not exceeding feventy thoufand pounds, on credit of the rates or duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, and fweets thereby granted, to be repaid with intereft not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for the first forty thoufand pounds, and/even pounds per centum per annum for the remainder thereof-, and by virtue of the fame oft, and of another aft made and paffed in this prefent fejfton of parliament to explain the fame, the weekly fum of fix thoufand pounds 8 W. 3. c. 3. arifing by or out of the hereditary branch of his Majefiy* s revenues of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, and by or out of that part of the faid revenues of excife which is granted to his Majefiy during his life (which God preferve) commonly called. The hereditary and temporary excife, and the weekly fum of fix hundred pounds out of the money or revenue from time to time arifing in the general letter office or poft office, do fever ally ftand charged to pay off and fatisfy in tourfe feveral tallies of Pro, or affignmeni, or other tallies in tkofe afts mentioned, for the payment whereof provifion is thereby made, together with fuch feveral and refpeftive rates of intereft for the fame as are thereby allowed : and whereas by reafon of the deficiencies of feveral of the aidSj fupplies, impofttions and duties above mentioned, which

D j	havi

Digitized by

Anno odtavo & nono Gulielmj III. c.*d.	[1697;

have not or will not be fafficient to anfwer the principal and interefi charged thereupon, and by reafon of'the remotenefs of the courfe of payment of the tallies and orders charged upon feme of them, and upon other the duties in this aft before mentioned, the owners of the find tallies or orders are frequently necejjitated to fell and difpofe thereof at great lofs, or at an exceffive difcount, whereby the pubtick credit is very much prejudiced and impaired, and the trade, and other pubtick and private affairs within this realm do exceedingly fuffer: and whereas it is computed or efiimated, that the deficiencies or ferns, which are or will be wanting to fatisfy and pay off all principal and interefi due or to be due on the deficient aids, duties or funds before mentioned (over yind above all arrears, flanding out upon any of them, which are determined, and over and above all monies to be raifed by fuch of them as are yet unexpired) do or may amount to the fums following; that is to fay, upon the faid firfi aid of four Jhiltings in the pound, fifty five thoufand fix hundred twenty two pounds, ten Jhiltings and five pence ; upon the faid third aid of four findings in the pound, four hundred and feven thoufand three hundred feventy and two pounds, and three pence \ upon the faid fourth aid of four Jhiltings m the pound, nine hundred and feyenteen thoufand one hundred and one pounds, thirteen Jhiltings , and two pence halfpenny» upon the faid quarterly poll, eighty nine thoufand two hundred feventy five poundsr thirteen Jhiltings, and four pence; upon the faid three fourth parts of the cufioms, two hundred and thirteen thoufand four hundred forty feven pounds, fifteen Jhiltings and nine pence ; upon the faid aft charging fait, arid other things therein mentioned, one million, Jeven hundred and eleven thoufand and five hundred pounds, upon the faid two third parts of the additional excife, one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds; upon the faid additional impofitions payable for goods and merchandizes, four hundred forty five thoufand one hundred feventy fevert pounds, feyen Jhiltings, and four pence; upon the faid duties payable upon vellum, parchment, and paper, two hundred twenty four thou-> fond one hundred and fourteen pounds, feven Jhiltings, eight pence halfpenny; upon the faid duties charged upon marriages, births, burials, batchelors, and widowers, fix hundred forty and eight thoufand founds; and upon the faid continued impofitions payable for wine, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, one hundred forty fix thoufand one hundred eighty one pounds, nineteen Jhiltings, and five pence halfpenny; and on the faid yearly fum of three hundred thoufand pounds out of the fubftdy of tunnage and poundage, one hundred forty two thoufand fix hundred fixty fix pounds, feven Jhiltings, three pence, and three farthings, amounting in tha whole to the fum of five millions, one hundred and fixty thou-fond four hundred fifty and nine pounds, fourteen Jhiltings, nina pence, one farthing :	We	yoqr	Majefty’s	raoft	dutiful	and

loyal fubjedts, the commons of England in parliament af-fembled, having duly weighed and confidered the preirfiffes, and being defirous to raife fuch aids and fupplies, and to ufe fuch proper methods, as may make good the faid deficiencies, and raife the publick credit, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given, and granted unto your Majesty the fupplies, impofitions and pther duties herein after mentioned, for and during the refpec-i

Digitized by LjOOQLe

ifyfi] Anno o&avo & nonO Gulielmi III. c. ids	39

five terms hereafter expreffed, and do befeech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enafted, and be it enaftea by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of tKifc lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, which were given and granted unto his late Majesty king Charles the Second for his life, by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A fubfidy grant- **Car. a. 0.4$ id to the King of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, and which by an aft of parliament made in the fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, 6 W. 3. c. 7* were granted and continued for the term of five years, to commence on the fix and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety four, (hall be continued to his Majesty, from Tunnage and the expiration of the faid term of five years, until the first day poundage of Augujl, which (hall be in the year 01 our Lord one thoufand continued till feven hundred, and fix, and no longer; and that the faid aft b^io^&iiW. made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 3iyc*°4I27. and every article, rule and claufe therein mentioned, and alfo an nothing in ttys order of the commons in parliament affembled, made in purfu- aft fball charge ance of the rules and orders annexed to the aforefaid aft, for fettling of officers fees, dated the feventeenth day of May, one gallon, &'c. thoufand fix hundred fixty two, and figned by Sir Edward Tur~ Anihy n Sciz ner, then fpeaker, (hall be of full force and effeft, to all intents and W.\:c. ao. purpofes, until the faid first day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hun- ^"txwed dred and fix, as fully and in like manner, as if the fame were par- artdete^ncd. ticularly and at large recited and fet down in the body of this aft.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Several other an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the feign of the afts to be of faid King Charles the Second, intituled, An atI to prevent frauds ^ar*! and concealments of his Majesty s cuftoms and fubfidies, as alfo ar) aft 11 ar‘a'c*I9# made in the fourteenth year of the reign or the faid late King, 13 & 14 Car .a. intituled. An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in his c. 11.

Majefty's cuftoms; and alfo an aft made in the two and twentieth »aCar. i.c. 13. year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, inti- 25 Car. a. c. 6. tuled. An act for the improvement of tillage, and the breed of cattle; and alfo one other aft made in the five and twentieth year 25 Car. *•c* 7 of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled.

An act for taking off aliens duties upon commodities of the growth, produft, and manufacture of the nation 5 and alfo one other aft ' made in the faid five and twentieth year of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades * and for the better fecuring the plantation trades; and alfo one other aft made in the first year of the 1 Jac. 2. c. ig. late King James the Second, intituled. An additional aft for the improvement of tillage, and all the claufes and directions whatfo-ever contained therein, or in the faid aft paffed in the fixth year 6 W.&M.c. 1# of the reign of his Majesty and the faid late Queen, for granting to them the faid fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other

D \	fums

Digitized by t^ooQle

40

Claufes in any foremention-ed aft intended to be perpetual, to continue fa

And fuch as would other-wife determine, to be tevived,

Duties on wines and vinegar by i Ja\t. a. c. 3. continued uq til ?Jq6,

x Jac. 2.

c. 4.

Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.20.	[	169?.

(tims of money upon merchandizes exported and imported, be of full force and effeft until the faid first day of Augujl> which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix.

III.	Provided nevfcrthelefs, and be it declared and enafted. That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued or taken to determine any articles or claufes in any of the laft mentioned afts . hereby enafted to be in force until the faid first day of Augufiy

one thoufand feven hundred and fix, which were appointed and intended to be perpetual, or which are continued by any aft of parliament, for any time which will not expire by or before the faid first day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fi^, but that the fame, and every of them, (hall continue and remain in force, as if this prefent aft bad not been made: but fuch of the faid afts, and fuch claufes in any of them, as would otherwife determine before the faid first day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall hereby be revived and (land, continue, and be in force, until the faid first day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral impofitions and duties upon wines and vinegar, granted by an aft made in the first year of the reign of the late

. King Janus the Second, intituled, An act for granting to his Ma-jejly an impojition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty fivey and the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety three 5 which faid aft, by feveral afts of parliament afterwards pafled, hath been continued, and is to continue until the nine and twen-p tieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, ihall be continued from the eight and twentieth day of Septem* her, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the first day of Augujt^ which (hall l?e in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveii hundred and fix, and no longer ; and that the faid aft fb made in the first year of the reign of the late King James the Second, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles and claufes therein contained, for or concerning the faid rmpofition on wines fcnd vinegar, fhall continue and be of full force and effeft, until the faid first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and fix, pnd fhajl be applied, praftifed and executed for the raifing, le^ vying, collefting, anfwering and paying the faid duties upon wine and vinegar hereby continued, according to the tenor and Intent of thi? prefent aft, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matters and things in the faid aft of the first yeaT of KingJames the Second contained, hath been again repeated in this aft, and particularly enafted.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,* That that the rat$s, duties and impofitions1 upon all forts Of tobaccd, granted by an aft made in the first year of the reign of the faid late King James, intituled, An act for granting to his Majejly an itn-pofiti.on upon all tobacco and fugar imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty fivey and the four and twentieth fay °f June, one thoufmdfix hundred ninety three, which

'• ' • *	*	•	•	feid

Digitized by L^ooQle

1697-] Anno ottavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.20.	41

(aid aft, as for and concerning the faid duties and ftnpofitions upon tobacco only, was by feveral afts of parliament afterwards made, continued, and is to continue to the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, (hall be continued from the twenty eighth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the faid nrft day of Augufly which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared by the Duty on to-authority aforefaid, That the faid duty upon tobacco, which bacco to be (hall be imported during the term hereby granted, (hall be fe- Paid accord" cured, collected, raifed, levied, anfwered and paid to his Maje-

fty in fuch method, and with fuch difeount ana allowances, and /0#	*	**

according to fuch rules and direftions, as are mentioned, r$n ferred to, or preferibed, as to the duties or impofitions upon tobacco, in and by the faid aft made in the parliament holden in the feventh and eighth years of his Majefly’s reign (intituled.

An aft jor continuing feveral duties granted by former afts upon wine and vinegar, and upon tobacco and Eaft-India goods and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againft France) and not otherwife.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, . ....	^

That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties,

and charges, upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, goods and granted by an aft made in the fecond year of their faid Majefties merchandizes, reign, (intituled. An act for granting to their Majejiies certain im- by 2 W. & M. pofitions upon all Eaft-India goods and manufafturesy and upon ^Jinued undln" wrought JilkSy and feveral other goods and merchandizes, to be import-170$# ed after the five and twentieth day ^ December, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety) and which thereby, and by feveral other afts afterwards paffed, were to have continuance and are to continue until the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand	'

feven hundred and one, (hall be further continued from eight and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the faid first day of Augufly which (hall he in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer: and that the faid aft made in the fecond year of their faid Majefties reign, concerning Eafi-India goods and other things therein charged, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effeft, until the faid first day of Augufty one thoufand (e-ven hundred and fix, and (hall be applied, praftifed, and executed, for the raifing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the faid refpeftive duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft, as fully to all intents and Exception, purpofes,' as if the faid laft mentioned aft, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things, therein contained, had been again repeated and enafted particularly, except only as to fuch part of the faid afts concerning the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft-India goods, and other merchandizes imported, g touching vmicfr otjher provifions or alterations are made any ^ 10	*

‘	’	aft

Digitized by

Google

42	Anno o£tavo& nono Gulielmi III, c. 20.	[1697.

a<5l or ads of parliament sow in being, which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during the continuance of this aCt, and the faid ad, intituled, An act for con* w timing feveral duties granted by former afts upon wine and vinegar, I J0 *and upon tobacco, and Eaft-India goods and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againjl France, and every article, claufe, matter, and thing, therein contained,, for the railing, levying, fecuring, anfwering, and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are bv this ad continued, lhall be of full force and effed, until the laid first day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and fix.

Additional	VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That

3^s on the additional and other rates, duties, impofitions, and charges, merchandizes, upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, granted by by 4. & 5 W. an ad of parliament made in the fourth and fifth years of thence M.c. 5 con- faid Majefties reign, intituled. An act for granting to their Maje-tmued until jfaes certa'in additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes, 70 *	for profecuting the prefent war againjl France, and which were

thereby to have continuance, from the Iirft day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety two, to the Iirft day of Marche one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, lhall be continued from, the laft day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, to the faid Iirft day of Augujl, which lhall be in the. year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer; and that the faid aCt laft mentioned, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes, therein contained, as herein after is excepted and provided, as for and concerning the faid rates, duties, and impofitions, lhall continue and be of full force and effect, until the faid Iirft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and (hall be applied, praCtifed, and executed* for the railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aCt, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the faid laft mentioned aCt, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things, therein contained, had been again repeated and enaCted in this aCt particularly.

4. k 5 W. & IX. And whereas by the faid aft pajfed in the fourth year of their M. c. 5. Makefiles reign, for granting the faid additional impofitions on goods Lapis calami- anj merchandizes, the fiumof twenty/hillings isimpofedon every tun of to pay on^yM. *aP's calaminaris exporteay which was found by experience to hinder per tun over the exportation thereof and utterly to ruin the manufacture; it is there-and above the fore hereby provided and enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That wLinfthc	f°r an<* durmg the continuance of the faid additional impofitions,

bookot rates. ^ fum two (killings only lhall be paid for every tun of lapis calaminaris, exported, over and above the rates thereon charged by the book of rates, to be collected as in and by the faid a<ft is directed and appointed ; any thing in this or the laft mentioned aCt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bar or ham- X. And whereas the fcarcity and dearnefs of iron in this kingdom meredironim- have of late much difiouraged the manufactures thereof in which greet

number*

Digitized by L^OOQle

1^97*1 A®0® ®&av£* & ®on® Gulielmi in. c	43

numbers of the poof are employed$ be it therefore further provided ported from and enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thit it (hall and may ^ andddlr . be lawful to import into this kingdom from Ireland, any bar iron additional du-unwrought, and iron flit or hammered into rods (other *han ties.

Swedijb or other foreign iron) dificharged of the impofitions and duties laid upon the fame by this or the faid adt for granting the faid additional impofitions; any thing in this or the faid adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided alfo, That in all cafes where any other provi- Provifion* fion or alteration is made, by any adt or adts of parliament now continued in being, in or about any other matter or thing contained in the ££n£e-rmn% faid adt of parliament for the impofitions laft mentioned, fuch tions.imJ?° * other provifions or alterations mall be obferved during the continuance of the term hereby granted in the fame impofitions ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 5&6W. $c

That tlte feveral rates and duties granted to their faid Majefties, c. 21 •	.

by an adt*made in the fifth and fixth years of their reign, intitu- 1 pareh-" led. An act for granting to tbeir Majejlies feveral duties upon veU men t, and pair**, parchment, and paper, for four years9 towards carrying on the per continued war againft France, and which were thereby to commence from until 1706* and after the right and twentieth day of June9 one thoufand fix 6w!*&* hundred ninety four, (hall be, and are hereby continued after fac, aI* the expiration of the faid term of four years, until the first day

of Auguft9 which (hall be in the year ot our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and that the faid adt, and all powers, provifions, articles, and claufes, therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effedt, until the faid first day of Augtifi9 one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and (hall be applied, pra&ifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, colledt-ing, anfwering and paying the faid duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent adt, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid laft mentioned adt, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things, therein contained, had beat* again repeated and enabled in this adt particularly.

XID, Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, Provifo.

That m all cafes where any further or other provifion, or any alteration, is made by any other adt or adts of parliament now in bring, in relation to the faid duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, fuch other provifions or alterations (hall be obferved and complied with during the continuance of the term hereby granted in the fame duties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Duties on That the rates, duties, impofitions, and fums of money, grant- marriages, pd to his Majesty, by an adt pafled in the fixth and feventh years £irt.hs» a£d of his reign, intituled. An act for granting to his Majejly certain &	3.	c.	(?.

rates and duties upon marriages9 births, and burials, and upon continued un-baubekrs, and widowers9 for the term of five years9 for carrying on til 1706.

theEXP-

Digitized by L^ooQle

Duties on houfes by 7 & 8 W. 3. c. iS. continued until 1706.

KEP.

soGeo. a. c. 3,

The King

may appoint officers for furveying the duties on marriages, &c, ana fyr num-

'Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. C.20. [1697?

the war againft France with vigour, and which were thereby to commence from the first day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, (hall be, and are hereby continued, from and after the expiration of the faid term of five years, until the faid first day of AuguJi, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer, and (hall be railed, levied, collected, anfwered, and paid unto his Majesty, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means* and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in the fame aCt for railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the lame, and which were thereby preferibed for the four laft years of the term thereby granted; and that the faid recited aCt laft mentioned, and every article, rule, and claufe, therein mentioned, as for and concerning the faid rates, duties, and im-pofitions, (hall continue and be in full force, to the faid first day of AuguJi, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, as fully and amply as if the fame were particularly recited, exprefled, and enacted in the body of this aCt.

XV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the rates, duties, impofitions, and fums of money, granted by an aCt pjjfled in the feventh and eighth years of his Maje-fty’s reign, intituled. An ail for granting to his Majejly feveral rates or duties on houfes, for making good the deficiency of the clipped money9 and which were therelw to continue for and during the ferm of (even years, from the five and twentieth day of March, pne thoufand fix. hundred ninety fix, (hall be, and are hereby continued, from and after the expiration of the faid term of feven years, until the faid first day of AuguJi, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and no longer; and (hall be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, and paid unto his Majesty, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in the fame aCt for railing, collecting, levying, anfwering, and paying the fame, and which were thereby preferibed for the fix laft years of the term thereby granted ; and that the fame aCt, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes, therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effeCt, until the faid first day of AuguJi, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and (hall be applied, pnuftifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the faid duties thereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aCt, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matters, and things, in the faid aCt contained, had been again repeated in this aCt, and particularly enaCted.

XVI.	And for the better afcertaining and collecting the faid feveral rates and duties upon marriages, births, and burials, and upon batchelors and widowers, and the faid feveral rates and duties upon houfes; berit enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, from and after the five anJ twentieth day of Marfa Qnc thoufand fix hundred niner

ty

Digitized by LnOOQle

i6py.] Anno oftavo & nono Golielmi III. c.20.	45

ty and feven, from time to time to give directions for conftltut- bring wining and appointing fuch person or persons, as his Majesty, his dowsm each heirs and fucceffors, (hall think meet, to be the officer or offi-cers for the furvey and infpedtion of the rates and duties arifing officers to fu-upon marriages, births, and burials, and upon batchelors, and pervife the rewidowers, and of the regifter or regifters of all fuch marri- ghters of mar-ages, births, and burials, within the feveral counties of Eng- riaSesi &c* .J land, dominion of Wales, and town of Benvick upon Tweed, and alfo of the duties arifing upon hotifes within the fame, and for viewing and numbnng the feveral windows in each houfe (not already aflefled at the rate of ten (hillings) and for the infpedt ing and examining the afleflments, or certificates thereof made and to be made from time to time in pursuance of the faid adts for granting the faid rates or duties, or any other thing belonging to the fame : which officers, or any ot them, (hall have full power to examine and fupervife the regifter and regifters of all marriages, births, and burials, and of the afleflments of the fame, and the afleflments of the windows rated in every pari(h and place, as aforefaid, and to take copy or copies, or extracts of fuch regifter and afleflments, and at feafonable times, with a And the afleff-conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other officers of the ments of win-refpedtive pari(hes or places within the feveral counties of Eng- d0™** and land, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, andriewTwice who are hereby required to aflift accordingly, to view and ex- a year, amine whether there be any more windows (in houfes not rated ten (hillings) than is certified and rated in fuch afTeflment, and fhall have liberty to make like vifw, examination, and infpedion, And certify twice in the year at the lead, during the continuance of the faid perfonsunder-feveral duties by this or the faid former ads for granting the commiffioners* time 5 and if upon or after fuch view, or examination ana in-fpedtion of the regifters and afleflments, as aforefaid, fuch officer or officers (hall find that any person or premifles are under rated, or not rated and charged as by the faid adts or either of them are directed and appointed, fuch officer or officers (hall certify the fame to the commiflioners, or any two or more of them, within the divifion, hundred, pari(h, or place, wherein fiich negledt or failure (hall happen to be, which faid commiflion-ers, or any two or more of them, (hall, and are hereby required to caufe fuch rate or rates to be fet upon every fuch person and premifles, as (hall be according to the true intent and meaning of the faid a6ts, and either of them.

XVII.	And whereas batchelors and widowers that are fervants in Duty for fer-hujbandry, by their frequent removals are returned as fugitives, and vants in huf-<5(cape the payment of the duties to which they are liable by the faid

aQ ; be it further enadted, That the duty or duties wherewith ^fter, &c. fuch fervant or fervants (hall be charged, (hall from time to time be paid by the mafter or miftrefs of fuch fervant, and be deduced out of his, her, or their wages ; any thing in the faid adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it alfo enadted and declared. That where any

houfe Xhajl he inhabited by two or more families, fuch houie lilies, to pay'

ihall as one.

Digitized by LjOOQle

an entire houfe. Houfe committed to a fervant, to pay as if inhabited «

Stock of the bank of England to be en

Anno ofiavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.*0< [1697.

(hall neverthelefs be fubje& to, and fhall in like manner pay the rates and duties charged on houfes by the faid a&, as if fuch houfe were inhabited by one family only.

Edifices in XIX. And be it alfo enabled and declared by the authority inns of court, aforefaid, That every edifice in any of the inns of court or chan-&c. to pay tor cer^ being feverally in the tenure or occupation of any person win ows as 1 or persons, (hall be fubjed to the fame rates and duties for the number of windows therein, as if it were an entire houfe; and every houfe whereof the keeping only is committed or left to the care or charge of any person or fervant, who doth not pay to the church and poor, (hall be fubjedt to the like rates and duties for the windows therein, as if it were inhabited by the occupier pr by a tenant, and to be paid by the refpe&ive occupiers or te-nants of the fame.

. XX. And for the better reftoring of the credit of the nation, and advancing the credit of the corporation of the governor and . d b company of the bank of England; be it ena&ed by the authori-ful&cripnons.W aforefaid. That the prefent common capital and principal ftock of the faid governor and company (hall be augmented and enlarged by the voluntary new fubfcriptkms of ail fuch person and persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall be willing to fubferibe any fum or fums of money into the faid prefent common capital and principal ftock, and to an-fwer and make good the fame, in manner as herein after is appointed.

XXL And for the better fettling and adjufting the right and property of each member of th^ prefent corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, before any fuch enlargement as aforefaid be made thereunto; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That before the four and twentieth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, the common, capital, and principal ftock of the faid governor and company (hall be computed and eftimated by the principal and in-tereft owing to them from the King, or any others, and by ca(h or by any other effects, whereof the faid capital ftock (hall then really confift, over and above the value of the debts which they (hall owe at the fame time for principal or intereft to any other perform or persons whatfoever; which computation fhall be made and fettled by feven of the prefent members of the (aid corporation, to be eledled for that purpofe at the general court of the old members, and by feven of the new fubfcribers, to be nominated and elected by the major part of fuch new fubfcribers, who are hereby authorized to meet at any time within ten days after the four and twentieth day of. June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and feven, to make fuch election : and in cafe the faid members and fubfcribers (hall not fettle the fame before the (laid four and twentieth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, then the value of the faid capital ftock (hall be finally fettled and adjufted by the lord keeper of the great feai of England, or by the lord chancellor, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of England for the time being, who 6	have

Stock of the bank to be computed. _

Old and new members to fettle the capital ftock.

or elfe lord keeper to ad-juft the fame.

Digitized by Google

1697.3	Anno odtavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.zo.	47

have hereby power to fettle and adjuft the fame, at anytime before the four and twentieth day of Augujl, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and feven; and in cafe by fuch fettlement or „ adjuftment of the value of the feid flock it mall appear, that the fame doth not amount to twelve hundred thoufand pounds, then the members of the faid corporation, being owners thereof, (hall and are hereby obliged, at their own proper coft and charge, to contribute fo much as will compleatly make the faid capital flock twelve hundred thoufand pounds, which contribution fhall or may be made either in their own particular tallies and orders, or in bank bills or notes, whereunto they (hall be refpe&ively Capital flock intitled ; and in cafe the value of the faid capital flock, upon fuch to be made up-adjuftment to be made, fhall exceed twelve hundred thoufand on *>*oo,oool. pounds, that then the fum fo exceeding twelve hundred thou- phjs divided^ fend pounds be divided amongft thofe who fhall be the old mem- j2 & 13 w. bers of the faid corporation of the governor and company of the c. 12. f. i*. bank of England, acccording and in proportion to their refpec-tive interefts at that time.

XXII. And for the better purfuing the end and intent of this a<ft, in taking the faid fubferiptions, and for the greater eafe and convenience of all his Majestys fubje&s, and others, who fhall be willing to make fuch fubferiptions ; be it enabled by the au- The K-thority aforefaid,That fuch persons as his Majesty fhall appoint by raay appoint commifflon under the great feal of England, or any feven or more commfflionera of them,-fhall be and are hereby authorized and appointed to be to takefub-commiffloners to take all fuch voluntary fubferiptions as fhall be fcnPUons* made, on or before the four and twentieth day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and feven, by or for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, or by or for any body politick or corporate, in the faid capital and principal flock ot the prefent governor and company of the bank of England, in manner as hereafter in this aeft is appointed : which commiflioners are hereby ordered and dire<fted, on or before the fecond day of April, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and feven, to provide and prepare one or more convenient houfe or houfes within the cities of London and Wejlminflery or one of them, to be the publick office or place, offices or places, to which all or any persons (hall or may refort, for the making of the faid fubferiptions, and to gire fuch publick notice thereof, as they the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall think will moft conduce to the promoting the faid fubferiptions; and the faid commiflioners are hereby directed, on Commiffioner* or before the faid fecond day of Aprils to provide or caute to be pro- books fo/fub-vided, one or more book or books made of vellum or parchment, feriptions, for the faid fubferiptions to be made therein; which book or books fhall lie open everyday in the week (Sundays only excepted) at the faid publick office or offices from the faid fecond day of April\ to the faid four and twentieth day of Juney daily, and from the hour of eight to the hour of twelve in the morning, and from the hour of three to the hour of feven in the afternoon of each day.

XXIII. And

Digitized by L^ooQle

?4	Anno oftavo & nono GulIELmi III. c.20. [ 16gyJ

Any perfom XXIII. And for the better encouraging the faid fubfcriptions may fubTcribe tQ be made; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, theca- ^at ^rom arid after the faid fecond day of April* it (hall and pital lfock. may be lawful to and for all and-every person or persons, natives Subfcriptions or foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, by and for them-how to be an- felves, or any of them, or by themfelves or any of them in trufl: fwered and for any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or w e 800 • any 0f them, freely to fubfcribe any fum or fams of money into the capital and principal (lock of the faid prefent governor and company, in order to the augmenting and enlarging thereof a$ aforefaia j which faid fubfcriptions at the refpe&ive times of mailing the fame, (hall be anfwered and made good by the.refpec-tive fubfcribers thereof to the faid capital and principal dock of the faid prefent governor and company, in the manner and prcM portion following (that is to fay) four fifth parts of each refpec-tive and particular fubfcription (the value of the faid whole fub^ fcriptions into five equal parts being divided) (hall be anfwered and made good to the faid capital and principal (lock of the faid prefent governor and company, by aligning to them the principal and intereft whereunto fuch fubfcribers refpe&ively (hall be then really intitled by tallies of loan and orders of repayment, or by tallies of pro or affignment, for monies which were lent or advanced, or are or (hall be charged as aforefaid, upon fome of the aids, fupplies, revenues, impofitions, or other funds herein after mentioned, and by delivering up at the fame time to the faid governor and company, the tallies and orders fo afligned; that is to fay, upon the faid first aid of four (hillings in the pound, the faid third aid of four (hillings in the pound, the faid fourth aid of four (hillings in the pound, the laid quarterly poll, the faid three fourth parts of the cuftoms, the faid a<d for continuing the duties upon fait and other things, or upon the faid two third parts of the additional excife, or upon the faid additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes, or upon the (aid duties payable for vellum, parchment and paper, or upon the faid yearly fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, payable out of the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, or upon the faid duties charged upon marriages, births, burials, batcheiors and wi-w dowers, or upon the faid continued impofitions payable for I J0#	’	wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eafl-India goods, or other merchan-

dize imported, or upon the faid a<$t for continuing certain adls therein mentioned, and charging joint (locks, or upon the faid duties payable for low wines, fpirits and fweets, or which are or (hall be charged upon the (aid weekly fum of fix thoufand pounds, ifluing out of the hereditary and temporary excife, or upon the faid weekly fum of fix hundred pounds, iuuing out of the revenue of the pod office, and the other fifth part of each of the faid fubfcriptions (hall be anfwered and made good to the faid capital (lock of the faid governor and company in bank bills or bank notes, which have fo much money bona fide reding due thereupon, as the faid one fifth part of the faid refpedtive fub-jcriptions (hall fully amount to#

XXIV# And

Digitized by

1697.] Anno oflavo & none Gulielmi III. c.20.	4^

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Bank to allovr faid four and twentieth day of June, and until fuch tallies and 81. percent, on orders fo fubfcribed, affigned and brought into the bank, (hall in/untii°th^t be actually paid off and difeharged, an intereft of eight pounds principal be per centum per annum foall be allowed and paid for all the princi- paid off,

pal which (hall be due upon, or fecured by the faid tallies or orders io fubfcribed, affigned and brought in $ and where an inte* reft of eight pounds per centum per annum is not already granted by parliament for the fame* or any of them, there (hall be allowed fo much as will compleat and make up the faid intereft of eight pounds per centum per annum, out of the refpediive funds and provifions by this a& granted.

XXV.	And in regard the faid governor and company are to accept and receive Sf. one fifth part of the faid fubferiptions in bank bills or bank notes, and per cent, intt-' are already pojjeffed of fevera! tallies or orders charged upon the aids or

funds before mentioned, to a much greater value than the faid fifth the fubferip-part in bank bills or bank notes will amount to; it is hereby further tions, until enabled. That the intereft payable to the faid governor and com- paid off. pany of the bank of England upon fo many of the faid tallies or After orders, whereof the principal lhall be equal to the amount of the cSptated. (aid fifth part to be fubfcribed in bank bills or bank notes, (hall governor to be augmented and raifed to the rate of eight pounds per centum deliver a fche-per annum, from the faid four and twentieth day of Juney until duleof thetal-the fame (hall be actually paid off and difeharged; the faid audltorofEx* governor and company, after the faid fubferiptions (hall be com- chequer, pleated, delivering to the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer a fchedule fairly written in parchment, and iigned by the governor or deputy governor, containing the tallies and orders, not to exceed as aforefaid, whereupon they (hall defire their intereft to be fo augmented to the faid rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and the faid rate of eight pounds per centum per annum (hall be payable to the faid governor and company, and their fuccef-fors, out of the refpe&ive funds or provifions by this a<ft made or granted for that purpofe; the feveral a6ts of parliament by which the faid funds are fettled, or any of them, or any claufe, provifo, matter or thing, in them or any of them contained, or any other a6t, law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

XXVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Subfcribersto That all and every the person and- persons, natives and foreign- the capital ers, bodies polick and corporate, who (hall fo fubferibe, or for whoqn fuch fubferiptions (hall be made, to the faid capital ftock {hepAfentgo^ of the prefent governor and company of the bank of England by vernor and virtue of this adt, and who (hall anfwer and make good their faid company, fubferiptions in the proportion <rf tallies, orders, bank bills, and bank notes as aforefaid, and the executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors or afiigns of fuch perlon or persons, bodies politick or corporate as aforefaid, having any title or intereft under any of the v fubferibers by virtue of this a&, at the time of doling or (hutting up of the faid intended book or books of fubferiptions, on the faid four and twentieth day of June, (hall immediately, from Yqx.. X.	£	and

After iy*'6. Bank to ceafe upon repayment or feve-ral fum* mentioned.

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Tin* cTaufe repealed by 7 Ann<r% c. 7. /*

During the continuance of the bank •f England*

Anno o&avo & norio GtfLfcfcLMi III. c.20. [16974

and after the laid four and twentieth day of June, be and (hall be deemed and reputed to the members of, united to, and incorporated with the prefent governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, and (hall at all times from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, together with the prefent governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, be and be conftrued, reputed, accepted and taken to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the governor and company of the bank ^England, and by the fame name of the governor and company of the bank of England (hall have a perpetual fucceflion, and a common feal; and that they and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in law to have, purchafe, receive, poflefs, enjoy, and retain to them and their fucceflors, lands, rents, tenements and hereditaments, of what kind, nature, or quality foever; and alfo to fell, grant, demife, aliene, or difpofe of the fame, and by the fame name to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in courts of record, or any other place whatfoever, and to do and execute all and lingular other matters and things, by the name aforefaid, that to them (hall or may appertain to do; fubjedt neverthelefs to the provifo or condition of redemption herein after mentioned.

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled* That at any time upon twelve months notice, after the (irft day of Augufi, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament of the fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds mentioned in the faid a<ft, intituled. An act for granting to their Majeflies feveral rates and duties upon tunnage of Jhips and veffehy and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences end advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as Jhall volun-tartly advance the fum offifteen hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againf Prance, unto the faid governor and company of the bank of England hereby conftituted and made, and of all arrears of the one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, payable to the governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors* by virtue of the faid recited a<ft, and alfa upon payment of all the principal and intereft monies which (hall be owing to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, hereby eftablilhed, upon all fuch tallies, Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company (hall have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe and not till then, the faid yearly payment of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and alfo the faid corporation, by this and the (aid former acft eftablilhed, (hall ceafe and determine -9 any thing herein contained in any wife to the contrary notwithftanding*

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of the corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, no other bank, or any other corporation, fo-ciety, fellowlhip, company, or conftitution, in the nature of a

bank.

Digitized by Google

1697*] Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.io.	51

bank, (hall be ereftpd or eftablifhed, permitted, fuffered, court- no other to be tenanced, or allowed by aft of parliament within this kingdom.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^ j- *

That all the intereft due on fuch tallies or orders, which (hall reflraint ex-be fo as aforefaid brought into the bank, upon the faid intended tended to all fubferiptions, by virtue of this aft, being computed from the

time to which intereft hath been actually fatisfied thereupon, to fix”*7* *r the end of the laft preceding quarter of a year, next before the day appointed for beginning of fuch fubferiptions, (hall be accepted, taken, or allowed by the faid commiflioners, upon the taking the faid fubferiptions, as fo much principal money fub- Intereft on tal-Ibribed and paid into the capital (lock of the faid governor and lies or orders company: and that all aflignments of orders on all fuch tallies, *° be taken as as (hall be fo brought in upon the faid fubferiptions, (hall, be- money!1* fore the making of fuch fubferiptions, be regiftred in the Exche- Alignments quer, by the proper owner or owners thereof; and in default of orders to be or negleft of fuch regiftring as aforefaid, the faid tallies or or^	•

d'ert, fo unregiftred, (hall not be accepted or taken, nor any t°Qr® ornotPtV fubfeription be allowed or permitted in refpeft of the fame, un- be allowed, til fuch orders (hall be first duly regiftred, as aforefaid.

XXX.	And whereas id and by the faid recited aft of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to their Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips and veffels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it is enabled among other things,

That the faid corporation, to be made in purfuance of the faid directions of the faid recited aft, should not borrow, or give fecurity, by bill,

bond, covenant, or agreement, under their common feal, for any more,	'	.

further, or other fum or films of money, exceeding in the whole the fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds, fo that they should not owe at any one time more than the faid fum under their, common feal, unlefs it be by aft of parliament upon funds agreed in parliament, and in fuch cafe only Juchfurther fums as should be fo dire fted and allowed to be borrowed by parliament, and for fuch time only, until they should be repayed fuch further fums as they should borrow by fuch authority ; and if any more, or further, or other fum or fums of money should be borrowed, taken up, lent or advanced, under their common feal, or for payment of which any bill, bond, covenant, or agreement, or other writing, should be made, fealed, or given, under the common feal of the faid corporation, ‘ then, and in fuch cafe, all and every person and persons, who should be a member or members of the faid corpora-tion, his and their refpeftive heirs, executors, and adminijlrators,

Jbould in his and their refpeftive private and perfonal f opacities, be chargeable with and liable, in proportion for their feveral Jhares or fubferiptions, to the repayment of fuch monies which should be fo borrowed, taken up, or lent, with intereft for the fame, as in and by the faid recited aft, among other things, may appear; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and maybe law- Bank may bor-ful to and for the faid governor and company pf the bank rtf row any ftun

£ 2	JEngland,	above the

\

52	Anno	o&avo	&	nono Gulielmi III. c.26.	[1697*

1,2000,000!. England, and their fucceffors, to borrow or give fecurity, by the fum ^ kills or agrecment> under their common feal, for any fum or fcrtbed? * fums & money (over and above the faid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds mentioned in the faid recited a&) fo as the fame exceed not the value of the fum wfyich (hall be fubfcrib-ed by virtue of this a&. Provided the faid governor and company do oblige themfelves in their laid bills, by them to be given out, to anfwer and pay the money therein mentioned upon In default of demand. And in default of fuch payment demanded at the payment bills bank, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, theE5 chld atr an<* default thereof being proved by an affidavit made in x equer, wrjtjng before the barons of the Exchequer, or any one of them, be it enaded, that all fuch bills, over and above the faid twelve out of money hundred thoufand pounds, be anfwered and paid at the Exche-due to the quer, out of the first money which (hall be due or payable at bank.	that receipt to the faid governor and company (other than their

faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum) and the faid governor ancf company are hereby required in the making forth of the faid bills for any fum, being over and above Bills made for	twelve	hundred	thoufand pounds, to exprefs the fame to

above	he made by virtue of this acft, and otherwife to diftinguifh the

i,aoo,oool. to fame from all their faid debts contained within the faid fum of be exprefled twelve hundred thoufand pounds ; any thing contained in the CTiflied.,n"	rec*tec*	or in the faid recited a<ft, or any other a<51,

* law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanaing.

Bank ftock XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the common, ca-and intereft pital, and principal ftock, and alfo the real fund of the governor thereof ex-	and company of the bank of England, or any profit or produce to

-g* from he made thereof, or arifing thereby, or the particular mare, part,.

and intereft of any member of the faid corporation in the faid ftock or fund, or the profit or produce to be made thereof, or arifing thereby, (hall be, and is hereby exempted from any taxes^ rates, afleflments, or impofitions, whatfoever, during ttic continuance of the faid bank.

Growin inte XXXII. And be it further enabled, That from and after the reft°onnfallies compleating of the faid fubfcriptions to be taken by virtue of this and the year-* a<5t, the growing intereft of all the tallies and orders brought in Jy fund, Scc. by virtue of the (aid fubfcriptions, till the principal thereon {hall ufePof al/0 thC k® Pa*^ anc* ^ Principal felf,	as	the	fame	(hall

bers of th<fm" ke receivcfi> together with the faid yearly payment of one hun-corporation fired thoufand pounds per annum, payable to the p/efent gover-in proportion nor and compan^ by virtue of the faid recited a<ft, and all the fo their (hares, profit, benefit, and advantage, from time to time arifing out of the management of the faid corporation, from and after thecom-pleating the faid fubfcriptions, (hall be applied to the ufes of all the members of the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, rateably and in proportion to each member’s part, (hare, and intereft in the common, capital, and principal ftock of the faid governor and company hereby efta-blifhed,

XXXIIL

i&tf.] Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.20.	53

XXXIII.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority afore- Bank ftock to laid. That from and after the five and twentieth day of be a perfonal, March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, the eftate, in- eftat^ot a rcal tereft, and ftock of the money of the faid corporation of the go- 9 vemor and company of the bank of England, and of each and

every particular member thereof, (hall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, in conftru#ion of law, by all judges in all courts of law and juftice, and in all courts and places whatfoever within this realm, to be a perfonal, and not a real and (hallgoto eftate, and (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the the executors, person or perlons dying poflefled thereof, or intitled thereunto, not t0 ^ and not to the heirs or fuch person or persons $ any thing con- eir# tained in the laid a# of parliament for ere#ing the bank, or in any other a#, or any other law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And for the preventing of cldrideftine or fraudulent bargains or dealings in bank ftock for the future ; be it further n<> contra# enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid for buying or live and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the year of felling bank our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, no promife,

contra#, bargain, covenant or agreement, made either by word |Sredin the of mouth, or in writing, for the buying or felling of any bank bank book*# ftock, or for the transferring, changing, or altering, the property thereof, either in truft, or otherwife, however it be, lhall be good or valid in law or equity, or adjudged to be legal, obligatory, or binding to either or any of the parties making the fame, or concerned therein, or for whofe ufe or account the fame is or (hall be made, unlefs fuch promife, contra#, bargain, covenant, or agreement, lhall be a#ually regiftred in words at length, in the book or books of the bank, by. the officer thereunto appointed, within feven days, and a#ually transferred within fourteen days next after the making of fuch promife, contra#, bargain, covenant, or agreement.

XXXV.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, No 0f thc That no a#, matter, or thing, a#s, matters, or things already corporation to done, or* hereafter to be done, by the faid corporation of the fobjeft the governor and company of the bank of England, or by their fuc- particular cefiors, or by the court of dire#ors of the faid corporation, or by member tpy any fub-committee appointed or to be appoi nted bv the faid corpo- forfeiture, ration, lhall forfeit or fubje#, or make liable to forfeiture, the particular, private, and perfonal eftate, intereft, ftock, and property of

any member of the faid corporation; but that notwithftanding any aft or a#s, matter or matters, thing or things, done or to be done by the faid governor and company of the bank of Englandx or by the faid court of dire#ors, or fub-committees, as aforefaid, the eftate, ftock, intereft and property, with the whole proceed, benefit, profit, and advantage thereof, belonging to each and every member of the faid whole corporation, and his particular right, claim, and title thereunto, and to every part thereof, lhall be and remain unforfeited, untouched, whole, fafe, . ind intire, to the proper ufe and benefit of each and every of the .

£3	m

Digitized by v^ooQle

54-	Annoottavo	&	npnoGuLiELMi HI. C.20.	[1697.

faid members, fubjedt: neverthelefs to the payment of all juft debts contracted by the faid corporation; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas of late divers frauds and cheats have been put upon the governor and company of the bank <7/* England, by the at-tering, forgings and counterfeiting of the bank bills, and bank notes of the faid governor and company, and by the rafing and altering Felony to indorsements thereupon* to the great decay of credit: for redrefling .forge or the lame for the future, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, counterfeit the That the forging or counterfeiting the common feal of the lfcid orTnyTank corPoratt°n of the governor and company,or of any fealed bank bill* note, &c.	made or given out in the name of the faid governor and company*

for the payment of any fum of money, or of any bank note of any fort whatsoever, figned for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or the altering or rafing any indorfement on any bank bill or note of any fort, (hall be, and is hereby declar-Officers of ^ and .a4iU(iged to be felony without benefit of clergy.

Exchequer to XXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforo-keeptrue ac- faid, That the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer counts of all fQr the time being, and all tellers, receivers, and officers whab-S^bank t0 ever’	^	°f	Exchequer, (hall from time to time

*	for ever hereafter keep juft and true accounts, in a book or books

fairly written, of all monies coming to their and. every of their hands, which are or (hall be appropriated, belonging, due, ex owing tp the faid governor and company of thfc bank of England^ as the feme (hall from time to time come into the receipt of Exchequer, or (hall come to their feveral hands, either on account of the yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annunty on account of rPaya^e t0	governor	and company by virtue of the faid

early or a<^	parliament for erecting the bank, or on account of any par-

otbtr iupds. liamentary funds, on the credit of which the faid governor and company .already have, or (hall hereafter have lent or advanced any fum of money, or on account of the principal monies or interest due or to be dOe to the faid governor and company on any tallies to them belonging), Xo which books the faid governor and company, their afligns, agents and fervants, (hall have free ac^ cefs, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, without any fee or reward to be paid for the fame, to infpedt, fearch, ex^ amine, and copy out of the faid books, as they (hall think fit $ which faid auditor of the receipt (hall from time to time duly direct the faid orders, and the clerk of the pells (hall record the' fame, and the tellers in the receipt of the Exchequer fhall duly make payment thereupon, in their due courfe, without delay, to th£ faid governor and company, their agents, fervants and Payment to be afligns ; and if any fuch auditor, teller, receiver, or officer of comf m t^e ^xc^efufr ft* the time being, (hall either negledt or refufe , to keepfuch accounts, or to direefr, record, or make fuch payments in due courfe and, order, as are herein before required, pr (hall delay or put off the payment thereof, or divertor mifap-ply any of the monies fo as aforefaid or any otherwife, due or be-. longing to the faid governor and company, in fuch cafe he or they fo offending refpedtively, for any fuch offence (hall forfeit his or

their

Digitized by L^ooQle

j6g?.] Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.20;	5$

their places^uid be ever afterwards uncapable of enjoying any office or place of truft whatfoever, and alfo (hall be liable to pay double the value of any fum or fums/fo delayed to be paid, or fo diverted or mifapplied asatbrefaid, to the faid governorand company, or to any perfonor persons grieved thereby, and who will fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record in Weft- N mnftery by any a&ion of debt or on the cafe, to be framed and founded on this a<ft, orjby bill, plaint or information, wherein' no protection, wager of law, efloin, privilege of parliament, or any other privilege (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XXXVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Monies arifinff laid, That all the monies which (hall arife and be brought into bX * r^fev®ra* the receipt of his Majesty’s 1Exchequer, of or for the fubfidy of tomake°gool tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon merchandizes deficiencies of therewith continued by this adt from the five and twentieth day tunnage and of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, until the poundage, laid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fix \ ^bacco^c!^ and of or for the faid impolitions or duties upon wines, vinegar, 9 tobacco, Eaft India goods, wrought filks, and other duties, therewith continued by this adt from the eight and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the laid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and of or for the faid additional and other rates, duties, impo- Additional fifions and charges upon feveral forts of goods and merchan- inapofitiooi* dizes by this adt continued from the laft day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, to the faid first day of Auguftt one thoufand feven hundred and fix 5 and of or for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, by this adt continued Vellum, from the eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix parchment, hundred ninety eight, until the faid first day of Auguftt oneand paper, thoufand feven hundred and fix; and of or for the faid rates and duties upon marriages, births, burials, batchelors, and wi- Marriages, dowers hereby continued from the first day of May, one thou- births, and find feven hundred, until the faid first day of Auguftt one thou- burials, land feven hundred and fix ; and of or for the faid feveral rates R^tes on or duties upon houfes, by this a& continued from the five and houfes. twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three, until the faid first day of Auguftt one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and all the monies (if any fuch be) which from and after the full payment and fatisfa&ion of the fums of money, not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed upon the 7 & S W. credit of the faid a6t palled in the parliament holden in the fe- c*,0* venth and eighth years of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for continuing feveral duties granted by former afts upon wine and vi~. ntgar, and upon tobacco and Eaft India goods and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againft France, and the intereft thereof, (hall arife and be brought into the Exchequer, of or for the faid impofitions or duties upon wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, wrought filks, and other goods, thereby granted or continued until the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one ; and all the monies, which

E 4	frotr^

4 V

Digitized by Google

56	Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. C.20.	[1697.'

from and after the fatisfaCfion of the principal fums, not exceeding feven thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, eleven (hillings, and four pence, borrowed upon the faid aCfc made in j & 8 W. 3. t^ie parliament holden in the feventh and eighth years of his c. 18,	• Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for granting to his Majejiy feve~

ral rates or duties upon hcufes for making good the deficiency of the elipped moneys and the intereft thereof, and after that all the bills figned by the mafter and worker of his Majesty’s mints, for the reward after the rate of fix pence per ounce for every ounce of fterling filver proceeding from wrought plate, veflels, or any other manufactured filver, brought into any of his Majesty’s mints between the fourth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, and the fourth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, (hall be fully paid off and fatisfied, (hall arife and be brought into the Exchequer, of or for the faid rates x	or duties upon houfes, granted by the faid aCt for feven years,

from the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hun~ dred ninety fix; and all the monies, which from and after the full payment and fatisfaCtion of the fums of money, not exceed* ing one million feven hundred twenty four thoufand pounds, borrowed or to be borrowed as aforefaid, for the fervice of the-\tftXy upon credit of the faid aCt pafled in the parliament holden in the feventh and eighth years of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, 7	*	*	An act for continuing to his Majejiy certain duties upon fait, glafi

wares, Jlone and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againji France, andfor ejlablijhing a national land hank, and for taking off the duties upon tunnage of Jhips and vejjels^ and upon coals, and after the intereft thereof fhall alfo be fatisfied, (hall arife and be brought into the faid receipt of Exchequer, of and for the faid duties upon fait, glafs wares, ftone and earthen wares, and upon tobacco pipes, and other the duties thereby granted or conti-tinued to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall be and are hereby declared to be the general fund) for making good the particular funds before in this aCt exprefled or computed to be deficient, and are and (hall be appropriated, iflued and applied, for and towards the making good of the faid deficient funds, by the payment and fatisfaCtion of the principal and intereft due and to grow due thereupon, in fuch manner and form, and according to fuch rules and methods, as are hereafter in this aCl Money, not di- prefcribed and directed, and (hall not be diverted or divertible vertible. to any pther ufe, intent or purppfe whatfoever, until all the faid principal and intereft (halj be fully fatisfied and paid off.

XXXIX. And to the end all the monies which (hall arife and be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, of pr for the feveral duties, impofitions and revenues, which are hereby appropriated for making good of the deficient funds, and are before in this aCt particularly enumerated and declared to be the general fund for that purpofe, may be duly iflued and applied for and towards the payment and fatisfaCtion of the principal and * intereft, flue and to grow due upon the faid funds hereby d.e^

dared

c. 31.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

57

1697*] Annoo&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.20.

dared or computed to be deficient, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t; and that the monies by this a6t appropriated for that purpofe, may not be diverted of applied to any other ufe than is hereby intended; be it further enadted and Monies arifing provided. That fo much of the monies of the faid general fund before 28June, hereby appropriated as aforefaid, as (hall arife and be brought 1698, for the into the faid receipt of the Exchequer, at any time or times be- ^^ss°”ftcr fore the eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hun- payment of dred ninety eight, as well for the faid duties upon houfes (after 7,3821.11 s. the faid principal monies, not exceeding feven thoufand three 4 <*• and inte-hundred eighty two pounds, eleven (hillings, and four pence, and the intereft thereof, and the faid reward of fix pence an on mer-ounce for filver (hall be fatisfied) as alfo for the faid additional, chandizes,&c. and other rates, duties, impofitions and charges upon feveral continued by forts of goods and merchandizes by this adt continued from the laft day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix* fhall reft ducVn the be ifiued and applied for and towards the payment and (atisfac- ift, 3d, and tion of the intereft due or fo grow due (as well to the bank of 4th, 4 *• England, as to any other person or persons that are or (hall be intitled to intereft) of or for the loans that are or (hall be remain- y P01 > *c# ingunfatisfied, which were made upon, or directed to be repaid put of the faid first aid of four (hillings in the pound, and the faid third aid of four (hillings in the pound, and the faid fourth aid of four (hillings in the pound, and the faid quarterly poll, and the faid three fourth parts of the cuftoms, ana the faid two third parts of the additional excife, and fuch additional impofi* tions and duties on gpods and merchandizes, as were granted by the faid a&, ending on the first day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix ; arid that out of the fame monies fo arifing and brought into the Exchequer, at any time or times before the faid eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred # ninety eight, the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall receive fo much as will make tftcr tjje rate up their part of the intereft out of the funds laft mentioned, to of 81. per amt, be after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, as well per ann. for fuch tallies and orders charged on thofe funds as (hall be fubferibed and brought into the bank as aforefaid, as for other their tallies and orders on thofe particular funds, whereof the intereft is to be augmented to the faid rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by virtue and in purfuance of this a61.

XL. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if the monies intereft how fo arifing, and being brought into the faid receipt of Exchequer to be fatisfie<L at any time or times before the faid eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, as is before mentioned, (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy all the intereft which in the mean time fhall grow due to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and to all other persons intitled to intereft out of the funds laft mentioned, that then the commiflion-ers of his Majesty’s treafury, or any thre$ or more of them now being, or the treafurer, or any three or more of the com-milfioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall caufe the mo-

W*

Digitized by

Google

Anna oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 20. [1697.’

nies that (hall fo arife and be brought in at any time or times before the faid eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to be ftiftributed and applied, fo far as it will extend, to and for the payment of the faid intereft upon the funds laft mentioned, fo that a proportionable part thereof (hall be iflued for intereft upon each of thofe funds, according and in proportion to the fum of all the principal money that (hall then remain due thereupon.

XU. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That if the monies fo arifing, and being brought into the faid receipt of Exchequer? at any time or times before the faid eight and twentieth day of June? one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, as is before mentioned, (hall be fufficient to Catisfy all the intereft, which in the mean time (hall grow due to ,the faid governor and company, and all others intitled to intereft out of the funds laft mentioned, with an overplus, that then the faid commifiioncrs of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the trea-*-furer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafii^ ry for the time being, (hall caofe the faid overplus monies fo a-rifing, and being brought in at any time or times before the faid eight and twentieth day of June* one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to be djftributed and applied, fo far as it will extend, to and for the payment of the principal monies owing upon the funds laft mentioned and enumerated, fo that a proportionable part thereof (hall be iflued for principal upon each of thofe funds, according and in proportion to the fum (whether it be greater or lefler) of all the principal monies that (hall then remain due thereupon, and the monies fo diftributed to pay off principal uppn each of thofe funds, (hall be iflued in fatisfa&ion of principal monies, which (hall in courfe be payable to the faid governor and company, or to any other persons out of the fame funds refpedively.

XLII. And as to, for and concerning fo much of the monies pi the faid general fund hereby appropriated as aforefaid, as (hall arife and be brought into the faid receipt of Exchequer, at any time or times after the faid eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, as well for the faid duties \ipon houfes, as for the faid additional and other rates, duties, impofitions and charges upon feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, during the continuance of this ad -r and as to, for and concerning fo much of the monies of the faid general fund hereT by appropriated as aforefaid, as (hall arife and be brought into the laid receipt of Exchequer, at any time or times of or for the feveral duties, impofitions or revenues herein after mentioned (that is tq fay) of or for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, by this ad granted and continued from the eight and twentieth day of June> one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, until the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and of and for the faid fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon merchandizes therewith granted and continued by this aeft, from the faid five $md twentieth day of December, one

thou-

Digitized by v^ooQle

i6gjrJ] Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c 20J	59

(houfartd fix hundred ninety nine, until the faid first day of Au~

W/?, one thoufand (even hundred and fix, and of and for the bid rates and duties upon marriages, births, burials, batchelors and widowers, hereby granted and continued from the first day of Afoy, one thoufand feven hundred, until the faid first day of Atgu/l, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and of or for the fiud impofitions or duties upon wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaji India goods, wrought filks, and other duties therewith granted and continued by this aft from the eight and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the faid fiift day ofAugujt, one thoufand feVen hundred and fix, and all the monies (if any fuch be) which from and after the full payment and fatisfaftion of the faid Turns, not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed upon the credit of the faid ad parted in the parliament holden in the feventh and eighth years of his Majesty’s reign, for the faid continued duties upon wines, vinegar; tobacco, Eaji India goods, and other merchandizes, (hall arife thereby, until the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and be brought into the faid receipt of Exchequer, and as to all the monies, which from and after the full payment and fatisfaftion of the fums of money, not exceeding one million, feven hundred twenty four thoufand pounds, borrowed or to be borrowed as aforefaid, for the fervice of the war, upon credit of the faid aft for continuing and making perpetual the faid duties upon fait* glafs wares, ftone and earthern wares, and upon tobacco pipes, and other the duties thereby granted or continued 5 it is hereby further enafted and provided,1 That all the monies fo arifing Application of and brought from time to time into the faid receipt of Exchequer, the general of or for the faid general fund, confifting of the faid feveral du- fhnd. ties, impofitions and revenues before enumerated and mentioned, as the fame (hall from time to time commence or take effect, (hall be diftributed, ifiued and applied, to and for the pay- ' ment of principal and intereft charged upon or direfted to be paid as aforefaid, out of the faid deficient funds 5 that is to fay, the faid first aid of four (hillings in the pound, the faid third aid of four (hillings in the pound, the faid fourth aid of four (hilling* in the pound, the faid quarterly poll, the faid three fourth parts of the cuftoms, the faid duties upon fait, glafs wares, and other earthern wares, and tobacco pipes, the faid two third parts of the additional excife, the faid additional impofitions payable for goods and merchandizes, the faid duties payable upon vellum, parchment and paper, the faid rates, and duties payable upon marriages, births and burials, batchelors and widowers, the faid continued impofitions payable for wines, vinegar, tobacco,

Eaji India goods, and other merchandizes imported, and upon the (aid yearly fum of three hundred thoufand pounds payable	^

out of the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage; fo as that a proportionable part of the monies fo coming in, to be diftributed as aforefaid, (hall be diftributed, ifiued and applied, to pay principal and intereft upon every ope of the funas laft mentioned, ac-1	cording

Digitized by LjOOQle

caufe an account to be taken of all monies brought into the Exchequer! &c«

Monies to be

and not <fi-vertibie

60	Anno	o&avo	&	nono	Gulielmi	III. c. 20. [1697.

cording and in proportion to the film of the deficiency thereof* before in and by this a<$t computed and exprefled 5 and that the Treafury once commiflioners of his Majefiy’s treafury, or any. three or more of m «a days to them now being, or the high treafurer or under treafurer erf the j Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall,on or before the fix and tweri-' tieth day of Jnly9 one thou&nd fix hundred ninety eight, and from thenceforth, once in every eight and twenty days, or oft-ner, caufe an exa& account to be made or taken of all the monies that (hall be brought into the Exchequer, applicable to pay principal and intereft on the faid deficient funds as aforefaid, and (hall thereupon immediately, from time to time, by their warrants and orders, caufe fuch money to be diftributed, applied and placed to the account of each tax, revenue or fund fo deficient as aforefaid, in the juft proportions before mentioned, and according to the true intent and meaning of this ad. rouuic» iu w XLIII. And it is hereby enaded. That all the money, which twkTout'to the be fo diftributed or placed to the account of each and eve-* bank and ry of the faid deficient taxes, duties and funds, before enume-others unified rated and exprefled, for or towards the payment of principal and to the untie, intereft thereupon, (hall be ifliied, paid out and difpofed, fo far as the fame will from time to time extend, as well to the faid governor and company of the bank of England and their fuccef-fors, as to all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who are or (hall be intitled to receive the faid principal and intereft, in fuch and the like courfe, order, manner and form, as if the fame were monies really arifing by the faid refpedive taxes, duties or funds, hereby computed and ex-* prefled to be deficient as aforefaid, and that without being diverted or divertible to any other ufe, or mifapplied, and without giving any undue preference, under the penalty of incurring the fame forfeitures and durabilities by the officers and other persons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverting or mifapplying any the money of fuch tax, duty or fond, in cafe the fame were not deficient; and that out of the faid monies fo from time to time arifing, and being brought into ths Exchequer, of or for the faid general fond, hereby provided and general fund eftaWilbed for jnaking good the faid deficient funds, the faid go-for tallies fub- vemor and company or the bank of England (hall from time to (bribed, &c. time receive (b much as will make up and compleat for them an intereft, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum9 as well for all and every the tallies and orders which (hall be fub-feribed and brought into the bank as aforefaid, and be charged upon any of the Funds purfuant to this a<51, as for any other their tallies and orders, whereupon the intereft (in regard of the fub-feription of one fifth in bank bills or notes) is to be augmented to the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by virtue and in purfuance of this a<3.

The new du-	XLIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and ena£Ved,

tobeapplied That in all cafes where any duty, revenue, impofition or branch in aid Swrcgf* whatever, is by any a<ft or a#s of parliament before this tim$

madQ

Bank to receive 81. per cent, out of

Digitized by

Google

»

l^97-3 A11110 °&*vo & nono GulielMi 111. C.ao*1	61

made and palled, appropriated to or for the repayment of principal in courfe, or the fatisfadlion of intereft at any rate or rates whatfoever, of or for any loans which have been made upon the credit of fych former adt or adts, the refpedtive duties, revenues, impofitions or branches, arifing by virtue of fuch former adts, ihall be applied, and fuch principal and intereft, out of the monies arifing thereby, (hall be fatisfied to thofe which are or (hall be intitled thereunto (whether it be the bank of England, or any others) in the fame courfe, manner and form, as by the faid former adls are preferibed and required j and that the new duties or funds, by this adt provided and eftablifbed, (hall go and be applied in aia thereof, in fuch manner and form, and under fuch limitations and diredtions, as are hereby preferibed, until the faid principal and intereft (hall be all entirely paid off and difeharged ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XLV. And to the intent that all persons, concerned with the governor and company of the bank of England, may be fecured in their refpedtive debts and effedts, in cafe any forfeiture (hould be committed, or any judgment of forfeiture or feizure of the faid corporation (hould be given for, or by reafon of, or under any pretence of any forfeiture whatfoever; be it enadted, That immediately upon fuch judgment given, all and every the funds. If judgment yearly payments, and monies payable out of the Exchequer to be given a-the governor and company of the bank of England, or which gainft the IhouJd have become due and payable to them, in cafe no fuch p^ment^te. judgment had been given, and alfo all and every the eftate, belonging to * goods, debts and chattels due, belonging or owing to the faid them to be governor and company at the time of fuch judgment,(hall be and verted in *4 arc hereby (in fuch cafe) adtually veiled and fettled in four and	y^t<

twenty fuch persons as (hall be for that purpofe eledted andchofen 5 J * by the governor and company of the bank of England, in a general court aflembled before fuch judgment given, during the (pace of three years, which (aid persons fo eledted, and the fur-vivors of them, during the faid .three years, (hall be truftees for the purpofes aforefaid, and (hall and may receive, fue for, and recover the money, debts and eftate of the faid corporation, or m which would have belonged to the faid governor and company, an^ in cafc no fuch judgment had been given, and with the monies for the debts of and eftate fo received and recovered, (hall pay and difeharge all the corpora-the debts due and owing by the faid corporation at the time of charKe^uch^* fuch judgment given, and perform and fulfil fuch covenants and judgment, contradts as the faid corporation at the time of fuch judgment given had entred into, and were bound and obliged to perform; and after the faid three years, or after the debts and eftate fo got in, paid and applied, then that the furplus, if any there (hall Surplus to be be, (hall be paid and divided amongft fuch persons as were divided a-members of the faid corporation at the time of fuch judgment mongftthe given, according to their (evcral (hares and proportions $ and alfo that the yearly fums afterwards payable at the receipt of Ex- ments^payable chequer to the faid corporation, (hall be veiled in, and payable quarterly, and,

quar- to be trsmf-

Digitized by v^ooQle

62

Anno oAavo, Sc nono Gulielmi III. C. 20.

ferrable without fee*

the truftees*

and not mif-applied.

Company may

quarterly to fuch person and persons, their executors, admini-ftrators and afligns, as were members of the faid corporation at the time of fuch judgment refpedively, according to their feve-'	ral fhares and proportions in the faid flock and company, to be

afcertained and fpecified in a lift to be returned or given in; by the faid truftees, or the furvivors of them, under their hancfs and feals, into the office of the auditor of the receipt, and which laid feveral yearly payments fo (pecified, fhall be from time to time transferable and affignable by an entry in a book to be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt for that purpofe, with-Moniesdueto out any fee or reward whatfoever; and that all the monies due funds Uponf the faid funds, or payable in the faid receipt as aforefaid, to pai to	^.om	tjme to tjme pajj an(j app]]ecj to the faid truftees,

to be elected as aforefaid, during the faid three years, and afterwards to the faid feveral and refpecftive persons, their executors, adminiftrators and afligns, and not any ways diverted or mifap-plied, under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as are given or impofed by any a6t or ads of parliament now in force againft any person or persons for diverting or tnifapplying any monies payable to any person by the faid ads of parliament, or any of them.

XLVI. Provided, That for the encouragement of the laid tran{cril>e ' corporation to lend monies upon lands or tenements, and for dockets of ex-' difcovery of incumbrances thereon; be it enaded. That it fhall

in^the^^al" may *aw^ f°r t^ie 1*^ governor and company, or any officer or clerk to be employed by them, from time to time, to copy and tranfcribe the dockets and notes of any extents, judgments, ftatutes or recognizances, kept in any of the offices of the feveral courts of record at Wejiminjler, paying to the mailers or clerks of the feveral offices the ufual rates and fees for fearch only of fuch extents, judgments, ftatut&s or recognizances.

No member to XLVII. And be it enaded, That no member of the faid cor-be adjudged a poration (hall be, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, with-bankrupt. in the intent and meaning of all or any the ftatutes made againft sj*?ck "f*or concerning bankrupts, for or by reafon of their (lock or inte-Ltachment?0 re^ m ^ corporation, and that no flock in the faid corporation (hall be fubjed or liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the monies which from time to time fhall become due and payable by virtue of any tally or order, fubfcribed as aforefaid into the capital flock of the faid governor and company by virtue of this ad, as foon as conveniently may be, after the fame lhall be received out of the Exchequer, or any publick office, by the faid governor and company, their officers, fervants and agents, and at fartheft once in every four months, (hall be divided by the faid governor and company amongft the members of the whole corporation, rateably and in proportion to their feveral and re-9W.3. c.3.f.4. fpedive parts, fhares, and interefts in the faid capital flock, for the particular, proper, and only ufe and behoof of the faid members feparately, and in their private and perforial capacities i

any

Money due on tallies fubfcribed into the capital flock of the bank, to be divided fo foon as received, or within 4 months after. Altered by

Digitized by v^ooQle

1697J Anno oftavo & nono GtJLlELMi III. €.2o7	6$

any thing in this adl* op in the aforefaid a61 for granting the faid rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips/ and for eredting of the faid bank, or in the charter of incorporation granted to the faid governor and company, bearing date at Weftminfter the feven and twentieth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety four, or any rule, order, ufage, cuftom, a<51, ftatute or law whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIX. . Provided always, and be it enadted, That the faid Debts of the governor and company, and their fucceflors, (hall always take bank not to care that the fum total of all their debts which they (hall owe at *xceed the va* any one time to any other person or persons, bodies politick or pitai flock!*" corporate, do not exceed the value of the capital flock, which v at any fuch time (hall be and remain to the faid governor and company undivided; and that in cafe the faid governor and if governor company, or their fucceflors, by virtue or colour of the power and company hereby given to them of dividing the monies coming in by their }fffe£ . tallies and orders, as aforefaid, or by any other dividend what- Jjends iom* foever to be made amongft themfelves, or in their private or per- the value fonal capacities, (hall reduce or leflen their joint flock, or capi- thereof be not tal, without limiting, paying off, or proportionably reducing fufficient to the total fum of the faid debts, which fchey (hall owe to others, debTs^mem-as aforefaid, fo that the value of their joint flock, or capital un- bers liable to divided, (hall not be fufficient to anfwer their juft debts then fatisfy the remaining unpaid; in every fuch cafe the particular members, debts unpaid, and every of them refpedtively, who in their private or perfonal capacities (hall receive any (hare of fuch dividend, (hall be feve-rally liable, and they are hereby made liable, fo far as the re-fpe&ive (hares fo by them refpedtively received upon fuch dividend will extend, to pay and fatisfy the debts, which (hall re-main due and unpaid by the faid governor and company, to any other persons, or bodies politick or corporate, as aforelaid, who by virtue of this adt (hall and may fue for and recover the fame (befides treble cofts of fuit) by adion of debt, or of the cafe, as is before mentioned; any thing in this adt, or in any former ad, charter, or otherwife howfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. And to obviate all doubts for the future concerning the fecurities by this adt intended for the payment of the principal and intereft monies to be paid as aforefaid; be it further enadt- if at the end ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe at the end of one of one year the year, to be reckoned from the utinoft day or time by this adt li- duti^ ^jraby mited for taking of the faid fubferiptions for augmenting the faid capital flock of the bank of England, it (hall appear that the funds dent to pay off or duties by this adt appropriated to and for the payment of in- the intereft tereft monies (as well to the faid governor and company of the due for bank of England, as to any other persons or corporations) (hall year* not be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge all the intereft monies, which before the end of the faid one year (hall be incurred, grown due, or ought to be paid, of, for, or upon the refpedtive tallies and orders before mentioned, and every of them, that then the deficiency thereof (to wit) fo much as will fuffice- to the deficiency

make he lupplied'

Digitized by v^ooQle

64	Anno	o&avo	&	nono	Gi/lielmi	III.	c.	20.	[1697*

out of the make up and compleat the intereft monies which (hall be grown jicxt aids. jue	the end of the faid one year, as aforefaid, ftiall be

fuppiied and paid out of fuch aids or revenues as (hall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, in the feflion ofparli-ament then next enfuing, and fo in like manner in cafe of defi-In cafe upon ciency of intereft in any fucceeding year; and in cafe upon the 1 Aug. 1706. first day of Auguji, which lhall be in the year of our Lord one the.hinds	thoufand feven hundred and fix, or within three months then

cd'be^not^Uf- next enfuing, it (hall appear, that the whole produce of the fe-ficient to pay veral aids, revenues, and funds, by this a& granted or appro-off, the prin- priated, together with the monies which (hall have arifen by the apaUnd inte- grants now in being, and before this time made, for the pay-forefaddtallies ment t^e principal monies of the faid tallies and orders, and and orders, the intereft thereof, (hall not be fufiicient to difcharge and pay off, as well all the principal monies upon all the faid tallies and orders, for the payment whereof provifion is intended to be * made by this a<5t, and all the intereft monies that are or (hall be due or payable for the fame, that then the deficiency thereof, to muck as be needful compleatly to make up, fatisfy, out of fiach anc* difeharge all the (aid principal and intereft monies which aids, to be (hall appear, on the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven granted after hundred and fix, or within three months then next enfuing, to the faid lAug. remain due and unpaid, (hall be fuppiied and paid out of fuch 17069	aids or revenue as (hall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs and

fucceflbrs, in the feflion of parliament which (hall be next after the faid first day of Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and fix. Prefent cover- ^1. Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority afore-nor and di- " faid. That the persons who are at prefent governor, deputy go-redtors to con- veynor, and directors, of the bank of England, (hall continue in tinue in office their refpe&ive offices until the faid four and twentieth day of till 14 June, june<i one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, and until others Afterwards a (had be duly chofen and fworn in their places; and that between general court the faid four and twentieth day of June, and the four and twen-to be held for tieth day of July next enfuing, a general court of the persons C^rnor and then interefted in. the faid corporation (hall be fummoned and *4 directors, held, and then and there, by the majority of the faid members prefent, a new governor, deputy governor, and four and twenty dire&ors (of which number there (hall not be above two tnirds of fuch persons who were dire&ors the preceding year) (hall be chofen, who (hall continue in their refpetftive offices until the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and until others (hall be duly chofen and fworn in their places, according to the times preferibed by their prefent charter, and under fuch regulations as are directed by this a61.

In elections of directors not above two thirds of the old to be chofen.

LII. And be it further ena&ed. That in all future elections of directors there (hall not be chofen above two thirds of thofe who were directors the preceding year ; any thing in the faid charter, or any law, ftatute, or ordinance, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LIII. And to the end there may be no defedl in the payment

of

4697O Anno.o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.2o.-	6$,

bif the intereft by this a<ft intended and directed to be paid out, of the monies hereby granted or appropriated, and that the general fund by this a<ft provided, for the purpofes in this acft mentioned* may be enlarged for the full fatirfa&ion of all per-fons that are or may be concerned therein, we your Majesty's faid dutiful and loyal fubjetfs, the commons in parliament af-lembled, do further give and grant unto your Majesty, the feve-ral additional rates or duties upon fait, herein after mentioned, for and during the term herein after expreffed ; and do bfcfeech vour Majesty, that it may be enabled, and be it further enacted f>y the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five hnd twen- Additional tieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety reven, there duties on fhall be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales,tor onc yea * and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, until the five and twentieth day o(December, which (hall be ih the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and no longer, foi" fait, the rates and duties following, over and above all other duties already payable for the fame $ that is to fay. For every gallon of fait that (hall be imported into the kingdom of England, do- For fait itii* minion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy within the ported ad. pcf time aforefaid, the fum of two pence, of lawful money of Eng- Sallon* land, to be paid by the importer thereof, and after that rite for a greater or lefler quantity; and for every gallon of fait dnd rock Salt and h>ck; fait made at the fait works, or taken out of any fait pits within fait made at the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Ber- tl'e fa,t wick upon Tweed, within the days or times aforefaid, the fum 1 ,perg pf one peny, and after that rate ror a greater or lefler quantity.

EXP>

LIV. And for the better afeertainihg, charging, levying, collecting, and anfwering all and every the duties hereby fet of imrtafed, as Well upon foreigii and imported fait, as upon fait'

£nd rock fait made at the fait works, dr taken out of any fait pits within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales,	. 1	,

and town of Berwick upon Tweed, during the term hereby grant- in°hee $d ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all manner, as b$ and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, ways, the a&s of 5 . methods, penalties, forfeitures* claufes, matters, and things, & $ W. & M*. which, iri and by one aeft made in the parliathent holdert at Wejlmuifter, in Ihe fifth and fixyears Of the reign of his Ma- ’ * * jefty and the late Queen of blefled memory, intituled, An act for granting to their MajeJIies certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid a ft mentioned, to fuch persons as Jball Voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying $n the war.againft France, and in and by one other act made in the parliament nolden at Wejlfninjlcr, in the feventh and eighth years of his Maiefty’s reign, intituled^ An act for continuing to hit Majesty certain duties upon fait, gJafs wares, Jhne and earthen wares, and for granting fever al duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying 0 the war againfl France, and for cjlaolijhing a

VQLm X»	F	nititnetl

Allowances for fith and (ait exported

On exportation or fait, fecurity for the duties to fee difcbarged

Application of the monies.

Annd o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. C. 20. £1697*

national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tunnage ofJhips and upon coals9 are provided, fettled or eftablilhed, for or concerning the railing, levying, afcertaining, fecuring, collecting, or recovering, the feveral duties upon fait and rock fait thereby granted or continued, and for determining and afcertaining the meafure of Englijh fait by weight, (hall be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the railing, levying, charging, afcertaining, fecuring, collecting, recovering, ana paying the faid feveral duties upon fait and rock fait by this aCl granted, during the continuance of the duties thereupon by this aCt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, and directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and thingsr were particularly repeated, and again enaCted in the body of this aCt; neverthelefs with fuch allowances for fifh and fait to be exported, as are herein mentioned (that is to fay) for all fuch filh hereafter mentioned as (hall be exported during the con-’ tinuance of the duties hereby granted upon fait, from any port or place in the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy into parts beyond the feas, by any person or persons whatfoever, the rates and fums of money hereafter exprelfed (that is to fay) for every calk or velfel of pilchards or fcads, containing fifty gallons, eight lhillings, and fo proportionably for a greater or letter quantity ; for every barrel of white herrings, one (hilling and eight pence $ for every barrel of red herrings, one (hilling and four pence; for every barrel of falmon, three (hillings and four pence; for every hundred of cod filh, ling, or hake, ten (hillings; and fo proportionably for' a greater or (mailer number or quantity, (hall (over and above the allowances for the faid filh, by the faid former ads for the duties upon fait, or either of them) be paid by debentures, in fuch manner and form, and under the fame rules and penalties, as are preferibed in the faid former aCts concerning the faid duties upon fait, or either of them, for or concerning the allowances upon the exportation of the like kinds of filh.

LV. And be it further enaCted, That if any person dr persons, at any time or times, during the continuance of the additional duties hereby granted upon fait, (hall export beyond the feas any fait, as well foreign as Englijh, or any rock fait, the fecurity for the duty by this aCt payable for fuch exported fait (hall be difeharged upon fuch certificate, and oath made, and according to fuch rules, as are preferibed for drawing back the duties upon exported fait by the faid former a<3s, or either of them.

LVI. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid,; That all the duties by this a& granted upon fait, which (hall from time to time be levied and raifed, (hall be appropriated and applied, together with the other duties by this a& provided for that purpofe, to and for the payment and fatisfa&ibn of the intereft monies due, or to grow due at any time before the faid five and twentieth day of December) one tflbufimd fix hundred 6	ninety

1697*3 Anno o£Uvq& noftoGuLiELMi HI. c*ao»	67

ninety nine, to the bank of England* or any other person or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, upon the tallies or orders charged upon^he deficient funds before mentioned ; and in cafe there be any overplus of thefe duties more than (hall be fufficient to difcharge fuch intereft, then the faid overplus (hall be applied to the payment of the principal upon the faid deficient funds, in the like proportions as are above mentioned, according to the true meaning of this aft, under the like penalties to be incurred for diverting or mifapplying any the monies arifing by the faid duties upon fait hereby granted, as are to be incurred for diverting or mifapplying any the monies of the faid general fund hereby appropriated for fatisfaftion of the faid principal and intereft.

LVII. And whereas for monies lent or advanced* or to be lent or ad* vanced* at the receipt of his Majeftfs Exchequer, by feveral perfons* as well natives as foreigners* bodies politick or corporate* they or fome other claiming by* from* or under them refpeSiively* have* or hereafter may have* or are or may be intitled to tallies of loan* levied at the faid receipt, and have or may have orders figned by the commijjt oners of the treafury, or form of them* for the time being* or by the lord treafurer for the time being* for repayment of the money fo lent (with intereft' at certain rates* or without intereft) out of divers taxes* aids* im-pojitions* revenues* or other branches chargeable therewith* and alfo have* or may have* in their hands* or pojfejjion* divers tallies of pro, or alignment* levied or charged* or 'to be levied or charged* upon certain of his Majeftf s revenues* duties* or impofitions: and whereas it is found by experience9 that many avaricious or ill difpofed perfons* taking an advantage of the necejfities of thofe who have occafion to fell or difpofe of fuch tallies and orders* as af orefaid* do* in the buying or purchafing of fuch orders or tallies* extort and gain to themfelves an exorbitant and unreafonable allowance* praemium, or confideration out of the principal monies* befides the intereft accruing for the fame* to the unfpeakable damage and prejudice of bis Majesty* and many of his good Jubjefts* in trade and otherwife* and in a great meafure to the ruin of the publick credit* which cannot be repaired as long as fuch practices are continued or fujfered: for prevention whereof be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no person or persons whatfoever, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, from and after the tenth day of June* one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, at any time or times, during the term of five years from thence next enfuing, or before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall, upon any contraft, agreement, or bargain, whatfoever, for or concerning any of the No talley to faid tallies or orders, or for or concerning the monies or any be taken at part thereof due or payable, or to be due or payable by or	aSavT

upon any of the faid tallies or orders, take, accept, or receive, ^ thereupon^ or agree to take, accept or receive, or (hall give or allow,	*

or promife or agree to give or allow, direftly or indireftly, by way of pramium* reward, difcount, gratuity, gift, or other-wife, or by means of any exchange, wager, (hift, chevi-fance, covin, device, or way whatfoever, more than the lawful intereft allowed upon fuch talley or order, and due or payable at the time of fych affignment, together with a further

F %	allows

Digitized by Google

S8	Anno	oftavo & none Gvlielmi III. c. 20. [1697#

allowance not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum for on pain of for- every hundred pounds principal money, and fo proportionally

th^valu^of6 ^or a	or	^e^er	uP°n	Pain	forfeiting	and lofing for

the principal every fuch offence treble the value of the principal monies con-money. tained or fpecified in fuch talley or order, for which fuch bargain, agreement, of contract (nail be made; that is to fay, one third part thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other two thirds thereof to fuch person or persons as will inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered by adion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protection* - wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and that every person, who (hall be guilty of fuch offence in the buying of any fuch order or talley, and be thereof convicted, (hall be deemea and is hereby adjudged to be a common extortioner, and (hall fuffer fuch further pains and penalties, as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm may be inflicted No aflignment for common extortion. EXP.

of order or	L VIII. And for the more effectual obviating and preventing the

coody unlefs af°re^a^ ev^ praCtice, and the mifehievous confequences thereof* made* in wrir- be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no aflign-ing, and fign- ment Of transference, which from and after the faid tenth day of ed by the par- June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feveh, (hall be made of ty9	any of the faid orders or tallies, or of any of the monies contained

or fpecified therein, upon the felling, buying, or bargaining of the fame, (hall be good and available either in law or equity, or be in any wife effectual for the afligning or transferring the right or property of any fuch order or talley, or any the monies there-©r the com- by due or payable, unlefs fuch aflignment or transferrence be mon feal of a made in writing, and be figned by the party or parties making ^c^andtenl, ^ &me> or be under the common feal of a corporation or body tredin iodays politick, or he figned by fome person or persons, by the autho-after figning, rity or direction of fuch party or parties, corporation or body and oath made politick, and be within ten days after the figning thereof entrea thereon. or regiftred, and that oath be thereupon made in the manner and form following; that is to fay, in cafe fuch aflignment or" Repealed by u transferrence be of money payable by any order at the receipt 34c* of the Exchequer, then the faid aflignment (hall be regiftred by •# *an entry or notification thereof in the books kept or to be kept by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the clerk of the pells there for that purpofe, and the person or persons to whomTuch aflignment of or upon any fuch order (hall ,.	•	be made, or the treafurer for any corporation or body politick,,

who are to have the benefit of fuch aflignment, or fome other credible person or persons employed to make the bargain or con-trad, for which fuch aflignment (hall be made, and being privy thereunto, (hall within the (aid ten days make affidavit before the faid auditor or the clerk of the pells in the faid receipt of Exchequer (who have hereby po^er to adminifter the fame) that no allowance, pr^mium^ gratuity, or confideration whatfoever, exceeding the lawful intereft, and the faid allowance not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum, as aforefaid, diredly or in-diredly, or by any way, device, (hift, exchange, wager, chevi-

fance*

Digitized by Google

*697.] Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III, c. 20.'

fance, or otherwife howfoever, was taken, accepted, gained, gotten, or agreed to be taken, accepted, gained or gotten, Talley of pro for or in refped of fuch affignment; and in cafe fuch affign- ^ eJttIie xnent dt transferrence be of money payable by any talley of ner^poftof-pro or affignment at the excife office, or at the general poft fiCe, &c. office, or in any other publick office, then fuch affignment or transferrence fhall be regiftred by an entry or notification thereof in the books to be kept for that purpofe by the commiffioners of excife, the poft mafter or poft mafters general, or other chief officers in any of the faid publick offices for the time being re-fpe&ively; and the person or persons to whom fuch affignment of or upon any fuch talley of pro or affignment fhall be made, or the treafurer for any corporation or body politick, or fome tfther credible person or persons employed to make the bargain or contrad, for which fuch affignment fhall be made, and being privy thereunto as aforefaid, fhall within the faid ten days make the like affidavit, as aforefaid, before one or more of the faid commiffioners of excife, and poft mafters general, or other chief officers in fuch publick office, for the time being, or fbch persons as fhall be deputed by them refpedively for this purpofe^ who have hereby power to adminifter the fame. Rep.	Officers in the

LIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Exchequer, That the faid auditor of the receipt, and the clerk of the pells; excife and poll or one of them, and fome one or more of the faid commiffion- office, to at-ers of excife, poft mafters general, or other chief officers in the Jegiftrine a? faid publick offices refpedively, or their refpedive deputies, fignments,and fhall, from and after the laid tenth day of June, one thoufand adminiftring fix hundred ninety feven, attend daily and every day, from the the oaths, hour of nine to the hour of twelve in the forenoon (Sundays and	’

fuch holidays as are ufually obferved only excepted) for regiftring or caufing to be regiftred the faid alignments, and for adminiftring the faid oaths, and fhall duly regifter and adminifter the fame, and fhall, upon the regiftring of every fuch affignment, and adminiftring the faid affidavit relating thereunto, make a memorandum, as well in their refpedive books, as upon the refpedive writings of affignment as aforefaid, importing that fuch affidavit was duly adminiftred according to this ad^ all which they fhall do and perform, or caufe to be done or performed, without fee or charge, under the pain of forfeiting treble damages, befides cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and to be recovered by adion of debt or of the cafe, as aforefaid. Penalty on .

LX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all brokers, &c. and every person and persons, who fhall be employed as a abo^e broker or brokers, folkitor or folicitors, or otherwife, in the be- *es^t half of any other person or persons, to make or drive any bar- brokage, gain or contrad for the buying or felling of any of the faid orders or tallies, who fhall, after the faid tenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, take or receive, diredly or indiredly, any fum or fums of money, or other reward or thing* for broakidge, foliciting, driving, procuring or making fuch contra# or bargain, 6ver and above the fare of two (hillings and fix , pence for the broakidge^ fQliciting, driving, procuring or making

F 3	-	foil

Digitized by v^ooQle

1*

Orders pur-chafed before 10 June, 1697, the claimers not obliged to take the oath concerning the premium.

Affidavit to be in writing, and hied.

S&9W.3.C.6.

Anno oftavo & none Guli^mi III. t. to. [1697*

fuch contra# or bargain for one hundred pounds, and fo rate-ably for a greater or lefler fum, (hall forfeit for every fueh offence twenty pounds, to fuch person or persons as will fue for the fame, by a#ion of debt, or of the cafe as aforefaid; and if any broaker, folicitor, or driver of any bargain or contra#, for any fuch tallies or orders, as aforefaid, (hall, after the faid tenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, drive or make any fuch bargain or contra# for any talley or order, or any money due thereupon, in which contra# or bargain there (hall be any premium or allowance made, or agreed to be made contrary to this a#, then he or they fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to Wit, one third part thereof to the King, and the other two thirds

{hereof to fuch person or persons who will fue for the fame, to >e recovered, as aforefaid ; and that every fuch broaker, folicitor, or driver of fuch bargain, who (hall be guilty of fuch offence, and be thereof convi#ed, (hall be deemed, and is hereby adjudged to be a common extortioner, and (hall fuffer fuch further pains and penalties as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm may be infli#ed for common extortion.

LXI. And whereas divers persons have, or before the faid tenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, may have pur-chafed and bought feveral orders of loan, or parts thereof, or fueh tal-lies, as aforefaid, neglecting to have their affignments thereof to be duly regijired, as the law directs, and many of them, infiead of taking formal affignments, which might be regijired, have accepted from the person or persons, who should male the fame, the indorfing of his or their names only upon fuch orders ; be it further ena#ed and provided by the authority aforefaid. That where any fuch orders of loan, or parts thereof, or fuch tallies have been a#ually and bona fide purchafed and bought before the faid tenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, and oath thereof (hall be made at any time or times within three months from thence next enfuing, before any of the officers or persons hereby authorized to adminUkur the other baths concerning the pramium or allowance, as aforefaid, in all fuch cafes, the person or persons claiming fuch orders, of parts of orders, or tallies, by fuch affignments not regiftred, or by fuch indorfements, (hall not in refpe# thereof be obliged by virtue of this a# to take the faid other oath concerning the pramium, reward, or allowance; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX1I. And be it .further ena#ed, That the affidavit herein before dire#cd (hall be in writing, and remain filed with the re-lpe#ive officers, before whom die fame (hall be made.

LXIII. And whereas by an aCt of this prefentfeffion of parliament intituled. An a# for granting an aid to his Majesty, as well by a land tax, as by feveral fubfidies and other duties payable for one year; it is among]} other things enacted. That it jhall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majejiys treafury, or any three of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of his Majefifs treafury for the time being, to

caufe

Digitized by Google

i $97,] Anno oQavo & nono Gulielmi 111. c. 20.	7*

caufe bills to be made forth at the receipt ^Exchequer, in fuch manner emd form as they Jball appoint, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by virtue of that off* and to ijfue the fame to the ufes of the war, in fuch proportions as they Jball think fit j and that the faid bills Jball be current to the receivers or collectors of any aids9 taxes, or fupplies9 thereby granted, or that Jbould be granted for the fervice of the war for the year one thou* fandfix hundred ninety feven (except for the aid of three Jbillings in the pound) and fuch other directions are thereby given, concerning the making , ijfuings receiving backs and cancellings the faid biUs9 as in and by the faid ad9 relation being thereunto had9 more at large appears : now to the end the faid bills fo authorized to be illued may be of more general ufe, as well for the occafions of the war, as for the publick commerce and trade; be it further enaCt- Exchequer cd by the authority aforefaid. That the faid bills, fo authorized to be iffued, (hall be received and taken, not only by receivers ^ or collectors of the taxes or fupplies granted or to be granted granted this for the war for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, parliament, but (hall alfo pafs and be current to all and every the com- and in all pay-miflioners, receivers, or collectors of any revenue, aid, tax, or Exchequer6 fupply whatfoever, already granted, or that (hall or may be grant- duetothe ed, during this prefent feffion of parliament, either for the war. King* or any other ufe, and alfo at the receipt of the Exchequer from the faid commiffioners, receivers, or collectors, or from any other person or persons whatfoever making any payments there to his Majesty upon any account whatfoever.

LXIV. And to the end that all persons may be the more willing and ready to accept and receive the faid bills in all manner of payments; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That there fhau be annexed unto, attend, and go along with, the faid bills, an intereft after the rate of five pence a day for every one hundred pounds contained therein, and fo proportionably for a Bills to bear greater or lefler fum j which faid intereft {hall be paid or allow- a day per ed to the person who is laft pofleft thereof, to the day he pays	till

the fame into the Exchequer, or to any receivers or collectors for payment, any aids, taxes, revenues, or fupplies whatfoever.

LX V. And that no intereft may be allowed on the faid Bills paid into former bills for any longer time than the fame fhall be unan- thc Exchf* Iwered to his Majesty; it is hereby enaCted, That the person who pays the fame into the Exchequers or to any receivers or ^	*

colledors,.for any aids, taxes, or revenues, fhall at the time of making fuch payment put his name to the faid bill, and writd the day of the month, to which day the collector or other person who receives the fame to his Majesty’s ufe (hall be allowed again the intereft that he (hall have allowed thereupon; and when any of the faid bills, which in purfuance of this aCt fhall be received at the Exchequers cuftom houfe, excife office, or general letter office, or by any of his Majesty’s receivers or collectors, or for any revenues, taxes, or fupplies, fhall be applicable to the fatisfaCtion of tallies and orders of loan, or to any other ules or payments whatfoever, and by reafoa thereof are not to be

F 4	immediately

Digitized by

Yz	Anno	oftavo & nono Gujjelmi III. c. 20.	[169

Immediately cancelled at the faid Exchequer, or in any other 'jmblick office, then the refpective tellers in the receipt of tho Exchequer, and the receivers general or caftuers of the cuftoms, excife, and poft office, or any other receivers, upon their ifluing pr paying out the faid bills, (nail fign the fame, and add the day of the month, and fo tottes quoti.es until the faid bills (hall or may come of be paid into the Exchequer on account of the proper funds of "ftippliesf (Upon which they are or (hall be first iffiied out) to be cancelled. ,

LXVI. And to the intent that fuch perfqn or persons, who have or may have, or be intitled to, any tallies or orders, on any branch of the revenues, or on any aid, tax, or fupply, that js or (hall be appropriated for repayment and fatisfaCtion thereof, and (hall refufe or be unwilling to accept the faid bills in payment, may not be obliged to receive the fame; be it further enacted, That for the ea(e, accommodation, and fatisfaCtion, of all and every person and persons fb refuting, or being unwilling to receive the faid bills in repayment of fuch tallies and orders, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three of them now being, or Coirnniflion- the high treafurer, or any three or more oF the commiffioners ers of the trea* of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, to covenant and traftYo/lend* a&ree> *n manner as they (hall think fit, with any persons ing moneyttT nat*ves or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (with whofe exchange Ex- abilities they (hall be well fatisfied) for the immediate advancing chequer bills or lending of money from time to time, as there (hall be occa-not accepted fion, for exchanging fuch bills as (hall be fo refofed, or not ac-^er^bns'fo ' eepted or taken in repayment of tallies and orders, as aforefaid : lending mo- apd that fuch person apd persons, as (hall fo contra# and agree nies, to have with the faid commiffioners of the treafurv, or high treafurer, the (aid bills to advance and furnifti money for the exchanging and circulated interelt at *nS t*le bills, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners of ‘,ol. per cent. the treafury qr high treafurer (hall appoint, (hall immediately, per ann. upon theif paying or advancing any monies purfuant to their contracts or agreements, have for their fecurity and fatisfa<ftioa the faid bills, or fuch fecurity as (hall be agreed upon between the faid commiffioners of the treafury and the faid contractors, and (hall alfo have and receive as a further encouragement an intereft or reward not exceeding the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum.) forthefums fo by them refpeCtively contracted or agreed to be furnifhed or advanced, from the day they become, Teverally obliged, for and during fo long time as their faid obligations (hall be in force.

Contractors J ' LXVII. And for the better ascertaining fuch intereft to the faid names, &c. to lenders or contractors; be it further enacted by the authority be regiftred in aforefaid. That the names of fuch lenders or contractors, and office? andYn- ^atcs tbdnr refpe<$hvC contracts, and Turns contracted for, tereft’tobe (hall be regiftred in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the paid quarterly. Exchequer, and that the faid faforeft (hall be paid out of the fup-plies granted for carrying on the war againft France, for the ferVice of the year one' thaufand fix hundred ninety, aud feven,

\ *	quarterly,1

t6gf] Anno odlavo & nono Gulielmi III; cizd.	73

quarterly, for fo long time as their faid contmftors (hall (land obliged as aforefaid.

LXVIII. Provided always, and fee it enabled by the authori- The King by ty aforefaid. That until fuch time as his Majesty, by his royal proclamation proclamation to be iffued by the advice of his privy council, u°makc h fhall be pleafed to publifh and make known, that the laid com- Exchequer611 millioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or three or more: of them, bills may be or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall (by fuch covenants exchanged for or agreements made with persons of ability, as aforefaid) have ready moncY> fufficiently fecured and made provifion, that all persons, whoat the faid receipt of Exchequer, or at any the faid publick offices, lhall have any of the faid bills for fatisfaftion of their tallies or orders of loan, or for any other payments whatfoever, may have fuch bills exchanged for ready money; the faid bills, fo to be made forth for the faid fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, lhall be current only for the aids, taxes, or fupplies,	N

granted or to be granted for the fervice of the war, for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, exclufive of the faid aid of three (hillings in the pound, according to the tenor and true meaning of the faid former aft in that behalf; and that after the faid proclamation lhall be iffued, and not fooner, the faid billsTo authorized to be iffued, as aforefaid, lhall pafs and be curr reot for ajl revenues, aids, taxes, fupplies or other payments to his Majesty, according to the true meaning of this prefent aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the feventh 7 8c $ W. j* and eighth years of the reign of his prefent fyfajejly, intituled, An aft c- **• for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in the plantation^ trade, it is amongfi other things therein enafted^ That aH the prefent governors and commanders 'in chief of any Englilh colonies or plantations, '/ball, before the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven^ and all who Jhall be made governors or commanders in chief of the find colonies or plantations, or any of them, before the entring into their governments^ /ball take a folemn oath (0 do their pmofi that the claufes, matters, and things, con-tained in one aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign Car.i.e.il, of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for encou-	;

raging and inpreafing of (hipping and navigation, and one other c » oft made in the fifteenth year of his faid late Majesty’s reign, intitu- 15 Car. a.c. ** ledj An act for encouragement of trade, and alfo the faid aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy* in- 7 & 8 W. j. tituledy An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in c. *1. the plantation trade, be punftuaUy and bona fide obferved, according to the true intent and meaning thereof fo far as appertains unto the faid governors or commanders in chief refpefthely: and whereas the persons appointed to adminifier the faid oaths are by fome accidents prevented from performing the fame within the time limited by. the faid aft \ to the end therefore that the good intent of the faid aft may not be difappointed for want of time to. put the fames in execution, be it therefore enafted. That further time lhall bo allowed for admmiftring the faid oath, and that all prefent go- 1

Vern^

Digitized by LjOOQle

Further time allowed for adminihring and taking tfctoathfe

Claufe for dii charge of Ralph Wi1. liamfon.

y & S W. 3.

c. 31,

EXP.

9	Sc 10 W. 3.

c. 45.

10	Sc ii'W. 3

C. is.

Annd dftavo & none Gpuk&mi III c* to'.

vemors lpd commanders in chief of any EngUJh colonies or plantations, (hall, before the five and twentieth day of March» pne thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and who (hall hereafter be made governors or commanders in chief of the faid colonies or plantations, or any of them, (hall, at their entrance upon their refpedtive governments, or within the fpace of fix months after the fame, take a foletnn oath to do their utmoft, that all the claufes, matters, and things, contained in the before recited a&s of parliament, or any of them, heretofore pafiedand now in force, relating to the faid colonies and plantations he pun&ually and bona fide obferved, according to the true intent and meaning thereof (which oath (hall be taken before fuch person or persons as (hall be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflprs, who arc^hereby authorized to admtnifter the fame) fo far as appertains to the governors or commanders in chief refpe&ively.

• LXX. And whereas the Jurn of three thoufand two hundred and eighty pounds, eight /hillings, and nine pence, was actually and bona fide received by Ralph Williamfon, receiver general of the fourth aid of four/billings in the pound, in the counties <?/York, Durham, and Northumberland, for the faid aid within the counties afore-faid, which fum confifiing of hammered monies k is dopofited in the receipt of his Mo/efiy's Exchequer, hut the fame, or the greatefl part thereof is not charged as money aftually paid into the faid receipt y be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the tellers in the (aid receipt of Exchequer, or fome of them, (hall forthwith receive the faid money amounting to three thoufimd two hundred and eighty pounds, eight (hillings and nine pence, upon the (aid receiver’s account of die faid aid, and (hall throw down a bill or bills for the fame, according to the courfe of the Exchequer, to the end the faid receiver may have a talley or tallies for hfsdifcharge, and the laid colle&ors and other his Majesty’s fubjeds in the faid counties may have no further trouble concerning the lame.

LXaI. And whereas in and by one aft of parliament made and pajfed in the feventh and eighth years of his Majejlfs reign, intituled, An a& for continuing to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, giafs wares, done and earthen wares, and for granting feveral . duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war agamft Fiona, and for eftablilhing a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tunnage of (hips and upon coals, it is amongfi other things provided, That if any of thofe wares upon drawing are broken, or otherwife made unfit for fale, there /ball no duty grow due for the fame by virtue of that aft+ put the officers /ball fee the fame defrayed: And whereas it often happens, that where tobacco pipe makers do male and burn tobacco pipeL, that at the opening or drawing of the pots, kilns, furnaces or ovens, wherein the fame are burnt or nealed, the tobacco pipes, or a great part of them, art unfit for fide by reafin of feme default in the burning and nealing thereof, and the defiroying the fame by the officer is of greabhfa to the.maker, when as fuch tobacco pipes may be rendfed fit

Digitized by v^ooQle

i 597.) Anno o&aTO & nono Gvlxelmi III. t. 2	2^	75

for fale in cafe they were new burnt or nealed: For the remedying Tobacco pipes of which mifehief be it hereby enafted and declared by the au- *5>u,)d un"t thority aforefaid, That from and after the firftday of May* one t£rrebuYnt!7 thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, if any tobacco pipe makers, and then thd upon drawing their tobacco pipes out of their pots, kilns, fur- duty to be naces, or ovens, (hall find the fame, or any part thereof, un-fit for fale, that it (ball and may be lawful for fuch tobacco pipe maker or makers (on notice given to the faid officer of his intention to reburn the fame) to put fuch tobacco pipes into any pot, kiln, furnace or oven, to be reburnt or nealed, and on the drawing of the fame, (hall then pay the duty by the faid aft charged, or otherwife be deftroyedj and that the faid tobacco pipe maker or makers fo reburning or nealing fuch tobacco pipes as aforefaid, (ball not be liable to any of the penalties in the faid aft mentioned.

CAP. XXI.

Ab aft for laying a duty upon leather for the term of three years, and EXP. making other provifion for anfwering the deficiencies as well of the late duties upon coals and culm, as for paying the annuities upon the lottery, and for lives, charged on the tunnage of fhips and the duties upon fait. Tbe money arifing by this a& being deficient is Jkpplied by i Annas,

, fiat. 2, cap. 23.	x

CAP. XXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, p.™ fweets, cyder and perry, as well towards carrying on the war againft ■

. France, as for the necefTary occafions of his Majesty’s houfbold, and Other occafions. The money arifing by this aft being deficient, is fupplud by 2 Annas, fiat. i. cap. 13. Explained, 9 Sc 10 W. 3. c. 8.

CAP. XXIII.

An a£t to enforce tbe ait for the increafe and encouragement

of feamen.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in tbe laft fejjion 7 tc 8 W. $.

of this prefent parliament, intituled, An act for the increafe c* »*• and encouragement of feamen, it is (amngjl other things) enafted.

That for the relief, benefit or advantage, 0} fuch regijlred mariners or feamen, watermen, pjhermen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen or feafaring men, who by age, wounds, or other accidents, /ball be difabled for future fervice at fea, and Jhall not be in a condition to maintain tbemfelves comfortably, and the children of fuch difabled feamen, and the widows and children of fuch of them as Jhall happen to be fain, killed or drowned in fea fervice, fo far forth as the hofpital in the faid aft mentioned Jhall be capable to receive them, and the revenue thereof will extend for or towards their relief or fupport, and according to the rides, orders, and confiitutions to be fettled and provided for the faid hofpital, and the government and regulation thereof, every fuch feaman, waterman, fijherman, lighterman, bargeman, ieelman or feafaring man regijlred and difabled as aforefaid, Jhall upon certificate thereof in manner as direfted by the faid Jlatute, be admitted and placed in the faid hofpital, and Jhall have provided and allowed unto him, during his life, at the charges of the faid hofpital, and out of the revenues thereof, according to the rules, orders, and

confituiicns.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno"odtavo & nonoGuLiELMi III. c.2f.	[1697*

eonfitutions, to be provided and fettled for thefaid hofpital and the government and regulation thereof fitting and convenient lodgings meaty drink, clothes,	other necejfaries and conveniencies; alfo the

widows of fuch feamen, watermen, fijbermen, lightermen, bargemen, ieelmen and feafaring men, who Jbatl be (lain, killed or drowned in the fea fervice, W the children of fuch Jeamen, watermen, fijbermen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen and feafaring men, fo fain, killed or drowned,	not of ability to maintain or provide comfortably for

themfelves,	received into the faid hofpital,

vided for: and forafmiich as divers persons fo regifred and difabled as afore faid, and divers of the widows and children of fuch per forts fo regifred, fain, or drowned in fea fervice as qfore fold, may at one and the fame time fiand in need of, and by virtue of the faid a£l claim and demand the bounties, ben fits and advantages aforefaid, in greater numbers than the faid hofpital and revenues thereof can fup-port and maintain; be it therefore enadted and declared by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this persons intftu- prefent parliament afiembled, That for the avoiding all partiali-kd to the ad- *y and favour whatfoever, all and every fuch person or persons, Greenwich wh° by virtue of the faid adt, are intitled to the faid pr^vifions, hofpital to be allowances and advantages in the faid hofpital, and out of the received ai re-revenues thereof, in manner as aforefaid, (hall from time to time be placed in, and received into the faid hofpital, upon certificates to be had and produced in manner and form as by the laid recited adt is diredled, in fucceflion on? after another, as the person regiftred (hall be and appear in courfe and order of time to be upon the regiftry book of feamen in the faid recited ftatute mentioned, and the widows and children of the person longeft regiftred always to be preferred and admitted into the faid hofpital, and the benefits therein to be imployed, as aforefaid, before the others*

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That for the greater eafe to all and every feaman or mariner, or other his abode6 &c Per^)hs> who have liberty and (hall be willing to regifter them-inay be regi- ’ (elves, as in and by the faid recited ftatute is diredted, every fuch fired and in- feaman from and after the tenth day of April next enfuing, bring-* tituledto the jng or caufing to be brought a certificate, in manner as the faid adt W.6-d* thredb, of the place of his abode, and alfo in cafe of re-*7	’ moval, a new certificate under the hand of any one or more

juftice of the peace of the place or county where he lives, may and fhali be regiftred in fuch and the like manner as the faid recited adt diredts, and be alfo intitled to all and every the benefits and advantages given in and by the faid adt, as well for hlmfelf, as alfo his wife, widow and children, as if fuch certificate were under the hands of two juftices of the peace, according to the faid adt, any thing in the faid recited adt con-* Juftice* totn-tained to the contrary in any wife notwkhftanding; thefaid jjuine and ex- juftJce or jjuftices giving fuch certificate under his or their hands* mut^onpa a.are hereby directed and required to make a ftridt and diligent $nquirv into \hft trqth of th? counts of tl>e certifiqate fo by

fiftred.* erfons lon-gelt regiftred to be firft

fitted.

tad-

Seamen, &c.‘ bringing a certificate of

3. c. II. ms alfo his wife, widow, icc.

Digitized by v^ooQle

i^97-] Anno o&avo & nono GuuElmi III, C.23.	77

them to be given* and to examine the party or parties fo de- And if any firing fuch certificate* upon his or their oaths, if fuch juftice or to juftices (hall fee occafion; and if upon examination of the parties coramiffioncra fo defiring a certificate, the faid juftice or juftices (hall find any of the adrai-fraud or deceit, fuch juftice or juftices are hereby required to ralty, certify the fame to the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of England for the time being, or the lord high admiral for the time being, that fuch fraud and deceit may be prevented according to law.

III.	And be it further enafted and declared by the authority Matter’s mate* aforefaid. That any person or persons who are already regiftred and their

or (hall hereafter be regiftred, according to the faid recited or wives. See. this prefent aft, and who were at the time of their being regi- may have the ftred or (hall hereafter be raifed to the degree of a mafter’s mate to^th^wgi-in any of his Majesty’s (hip? of war, and the wives, widows ftred men, ircl and children of fuch mafter’s mate, is and are hereby declared and enabled to have and enjoy all and every the benefit?, advantages and bounties given to any other person or persons fo regiftred, or to the wives, widows and children of fuch person or persons in or by the faid recited aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Seamsn abot| That from and after the faid tenth day of April, all and every 5° years old fuch feaman and persons who are above the age of fifty years, ^' and who by the faid aft might regifter themfelves in manner as ^ips 7 years* aforefaid, in cafe they were not of fuch age, and who (hall ap- may be regi-pear by the books of the navy-office to hive faithfully ferved on ftred and en- • board any of his Majesty’s (hips, for the fpace of (even years

laft pad, without wilful deferring the fame, (hall upon producing aJr8 certificates under the hands of one or more juftices of the peace in manner aforefaid,*be regiftred, as by the faid aft is directed, and fuch person fo regiftred, and the widows and children,, executors and adminiftrators of fuch person (hall have and enjoy the feveral and refpeftive* privileges, in the faid aft mentioned.

V.	Provided neverthelefs. That after the tenth day of April* On giving rea-

which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fix hun- fans for his dred ninety nine, no feaman or persons above the age of fifty	*°da

years, (hall be admitted to regifter him or theipfelves, as afore-

faid, without giving fuch reafons for their omitting to do it du- the KingV ring the time of fuch fervice on board any of his Majesty’s (hips, fervicew as (hall be approved of by the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of England for the time being, or any three of them, or the lord high admiral for the time being, or DifabUdfea^ the commiflioners of the navy for the time being, or any three ^g/fa of them, or fuch persons as (nail be appointed by the King for Anna, keeping the faid regifter, or any three of them.	c, 6. f.19.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, commiflion-That for the better levying and collecting the duties of fix pence ers may ex-per menfem, given and granted by the faid recited aft, for the amine matter* revenues and fupplies of the hofpital, charities and bounties °*

therein^

Digitized by

7*

Anno odtavo & nono Gulielmi III. e.23.	[i 6gy.

r. *

employed in boats Jball pay it

number and therein mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful to aftd for the **ages, &c. of commiflioners appointed for regiftring of feamen, or their re-Sg^^hdr"	deputies for the time being, for the better difeovery of

{hips, and who tne pay and wages due to the failors and persons who ferved on are to pay 6 d. board any the merchants or private (hips and veflels in the (aid °Ut a<^ tnentioned, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe By % &iAn- ^ch mafters an<^ commanders of fuch (hips, not in his Manse, c. 6. f. 7. jetty's fervice, to be and appear before them the faid commiflion-Poor boys of- ers, or the refpeftive deputies, who are hereby impowered and fig*€d u the fea directed, 'all and every fuch matters and commanders upon their fromtbe^i d. oat^s to examine, as to the number, rates, falaries, wages, and per menfem times of fervice, of all and every person or persons, belonging till their age of to or ferving in fuch (hips or veflels in the faid recited aft, and xg, and by i» which by the feid aft are obliged to pay the laid fum of fix pence ^nn*JPerfons ?er menfem out °f their falaries and wages as aforefaid; and if ■ J fuch matters or commanders, or any ot them (hall refufe, when fo fummoned or commanded to appear before the faid refpeftive . persons hereby impowered to examine them in manner asafore-AnurdS^to or ^ they appear, and obftinately and wilfully refufe tbe payment of t0 give a plain, full, and exaft difeovery of the matters afore-\d. per men- faid, upon their feveral oaths, that then and in every fuch cafe, fern, by t Geo. all and every fuch offender or offenders (hall, for every fuch re-%• c. 7. and36* fufaj of nenrie(ct, forfeit the film of ten pounds to the ufes mentioned in the faid recited aft, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts or record at JVeJlminJter, with full cofts of fuit; provided fuch matters or commanders be not Quakers, or efteemed Quakers. Quaker* to VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, make foleruu That every matter or commander of any (hip or veffel, men-fteadTof^i111 tioned in the faid recited aft, being a Quaker, may and (hall be examined before the faid commiflioners appointed for regiftring feamen, or any three or more of them, or their deputy or de-

Suties, and the faid commiflioners or their deputies may and lall, from time to time, take the folemn affirmation and declaration of fuch Quakers inftead of their oath, and in fuch manner and form as by one aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his Majesty is direfted, intituled. An a£i that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people commonly called Quakers Jhall he accepted injlead of an oath in the ufual form : and fuch Quakers refilling to appear on fuch fummons, or to anfwer or maxe fuch folemn affirmation or declaration before the faid commiflioners, or their deputy or deputies, (hall be deemed offenders, and be liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures mentioned in this aft for refufing to appear and be examined upon oath, or fwear as aforefaid ; any thing in this aft before to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII> And whereas fince the making the faid recited aft, divers evil difpofed persons, fo regfired in purfuance of the faid aft, have fraudulently lent their regijler certificates to divers mariners, feamen, watermen, fijbermen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen, or feafaring men, who were not regijlred in purfuance of the faid ad7, with intent

oath*

76c 8 W. 3.

c. 34.

7 * * W. 3.

Ccftl.

^Digitized by

*6$7‘T	AoMOStavo & nono GtfLlELMi Ilf. c.24/

Wit	to keepfucb persons not regiftredfrMt	imprejfed in his Ma-

~ \ferv‘



jefty's fea fervice: For the preventing of fuch evu practices for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That what-ever person or persons fo regiftred* as aforefaid, (hall after the JSSrtili? tenth day of April next enfuing, dlre&ly or indirectly lend fotxate8 to fea. leave with, or difpofe of his or their certificate, of his or their men. See. to being regiftred according to the faid recited ftatute, to any ma- Prote^^CI11 riner, feaman, waterman, fifherman, lighterman, keelman, bargeman, or feafaring man, whereby to protect or keep fuch such offender persons from being impreflfed into his Maje(ty*s fervice, it lhall to be (truck and may be lawful for the lord high admiral for the time being, out of the re-or the commiffioners for executing the office of ford high admi- ^ecr{j^n|riag ral for the time being, or any three or more of them, to caufe f;x months 5 fuch offender or offenders to be ftruck out of the laid regifter, without pajf# and lole die benefit of the faid recited a&, and to be compelled to fcrve in his Majesty*s fervice for the fpace of fix months with** out any pay, as in cafe of regiftred men not appearing on fum-mons to ferve in his Majesty’s fervice, according to the faid aft; and that every person who (hall borrow, take or receive for J^g ufc of " themfelves, or other persons fuch certificates, or make ufe of Rich certify the fame, for the intents and purpofes aforefaid, (hall in all re- Clrtw« fpeds fuffer the like pains and penalties, and to the fame ufes, as are provided in and by the laid recited ftatute, againft fuch persons as vouch falfly persons td be landmen who are afterwards/ proved to be feamen, or (hall be compelled to ferve his Maje-fty in fea fervice for the fpace of fix months, without any pay or wages whatever.

IX.	And whereas in the whole jurifdidtion of the cinque-ports, Certificate tut* and their towns and'members on the coafts of Kent and Suffix, d«r the band there are not any juftices of the peace nor divifions. as in the itft of the counties of this realm, but only mayors, bailiffs and ^que^ports their deputies : be it therefore ena<5ted by the authority, afore- to befuflicient* (aid. That fuch certificate, as aforefaid, under the hand and *n>is aB is r#-fealof any one mayor, deputy-mayor, bailiff or deputy-bailiff, **tQ within the faid jurifditftion of the cinque-ports, obtained inafftfe^suSy manner as aforefaid, (hall be fufficient, where no juftke of the mo**}) ly 9 peace (hall be refiding or inhabiting within three miles of fuch 9 Ann.c. it, port or town.	*•

CAP. XXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tuiraage and poun* EXP. dage upon merchandizes imported for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war Fortbefiatutio againft France. Additional fubfidy of tunnageon wines to be paid from i rtlating to tun* May, 1697. and before iFeb. 1699. Twelve pence in every twenty (hillings nage, See, fu Of goods imported. Duties on drugs imported, fpicery, and linen. Foreign the note on wrought filks exported in one year, to have two thirds repaid. Wrought ,* Car. a. c.4. filks imported not charged with additional duty. Tobacco of the Eng- 7 & S W. j. ltth plantations, or wines of the growth of France, Germany, &c. the g. ap.

Duties to be levied by officers of the cuftoms, and paid into the Exche-

2uer. Duties on fugar from America to be drawn back on exportation.-linger to pay is. per 100 wt. After 1 May, 1697, cut whalebone im« ported to be forfeited, and double the value. Goods imported, and exported again in twelve months, whole duties to be repaid without fee.

No

Digitized by

Google

So	Anno	o&avo	&	nono GuliElmi IIL c.25.	[1697*

No drawback to be allowed on exporting foreign wrought filks. See. un-lefs exported in time ; and then the whole duties to be repaid. Naval ftores raf the King’s ufe not to Charged, i s. in the pound.

C AP. XXV.

An act for Mincing hawkers and pedlars? for4 furth& pro-vifton for the payment of fbeinteteft of the iranfpott debt for the reducing ff Ireland.

6	& 7 W. 3. XX/HEREAS an aft if parliament was made in the fixth and c* 7-	VV feventh years of his Majejlfs reign? intituled, An aft for

atomce^fhe/e&r?ntin& to ^ls ^ajefty feveral additional duties upon coffee, : fa ^ tea, chocolate, and fpice, towards fatisfaftion of the debts due * 9 Sc 10W. 3. for transport Jervice for the reduftion of Ireland> in which.pro^ c. *7.	vifton was made for the payment ofinterejl of five pounds per centum:

jztc 13 W. V for three years? for the principal fum of three hundred and thirty 3 &4Ann.c.4. thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine pounds? ten fallings? [even. $ Annae, c. 19. pence then allowed to. be due for. the faid tranfport Jervice for the re-6 Anqae, c. 5. ducing of Ireland, which duties have proved very deficient to anfwer s Ge^Cftat fuch interefl' We your Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjefts, ‘ J	the commons in parliament aflembled, being willing that a fur-

4Geo. 1. c. 6. ther provifion may be made, and fund raifed for making good to your Majesty’s faid fubjefts the deficiency of that provifion* da hereby give and grant untoMajefty the duties herein after mentioned, and do humbly befeech your Majeftvthat it may be en-afted : and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled. From 54 June and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the four 1697, till 25 and twentieth day of June? one thoufand fix hundred ninety fe-hawker ven> unt^ ^ fiye an<l twentieth day of June? which (hall be See, to pay a ’in the vear of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, duty of 41. there (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons going from town to town, or to other mens houfes, and travelling either on foot, or with horfe, horfes, or otherwise, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales? or town oT Berwick upon Tweed (except as herein after is excepted) carrying to fell, or expofing to file any goods, wares or merchandizes, a duty of four pounds; and that every person fo travelling with a horfe, afs or mule, or other beaft bearing or drawing burden, (hall pay the fum of four pounds,

’ ■ from the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, to the five and twentieth day of June? one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, for each horfe, afs or

♦	mule, or other beaft bearing or drawing burden, he or (he (hall fo travel with, over and above the faid first mentioned duty of

-	four pounds.

Hawkers to II* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That certify the every pedlar, hawker, petty chapman, and other trading per-commiffioners fon or persons fo travelling as aforefaid, (hall before the four howrthey will an(j twentieth day of June% one thoufand fix hundred ninety

*	feven.

Digitized by L300Q le

it>97\) AhhooAavo & nono GulIelMi Ilf. c.25.	fi

(even, deliver dr caufe to be delivered unto the commiffioner* for tranfportation, or any person or persons authorized or deputed by them, or the major prart of them, in writing under their hands and feals, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of fome person by her or him authorized in that behalf, how and in what manner he or (he will travel and trade, whether on foot, or with one or more horfe or horfes* afs or afles, mule or mules, or other bead or beads of burden, for her or his fo travelling and trading,1 for which he or (he and pay on^ (hall thereupon pay or caufe to be paid unto the faid commif- moiety ot th* fioners for tranfportation, or any person or persons authorized duty, and ©r deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writingfhe^tberat& under their hands and feals, one moiety of the duty by this a<ft months end. payable for the fame, and give fecurity by bond, with one or more fufficient fureties, to be taken in his Majesty’s name, for the true payment of the other moiety of the faid duties at the Jend of fix kalender months, unlefs the party (hall chufe to pay down the other moiety of the faid duty, in which cafe he or (he (hall be allowed after the rate of two (hillings in the pound for * in the prompt payment of the fame, and thereupon a licence (hall be P^und .allow-granted unto him or her fo to travel or trade by the faid com- payment*0™** miffioners for tranfportation, or any two or more of them.

III.	And be it further enadted, That if any fuch hawker* penalty on pedlar or petty chapman, from and after the faid four and ttoen- hawker, &c. tieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fevcn, be trading with-found trading, as aforefaid, without or contrary to fuch licence, out iicencc>

I fuch person (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twelve pounds, the one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti wherein fuch offender (hall be difcovered; and that every person fo trading, or refuting ta who upon demand made by any juftice of the peace* mayor, produce hit conftable or other officer of the peace of any town corporateiicence* or borough where he or (he (hall fo trade, (hall refufe to produce and (hew unto fuch juftice of peace, mayor, conftable or other officer of the peace, his or her licence for fo trading, to be granted as aforefaid, That then the person fo refufing (hall forfeit five pounds to be paid to the churchwardens of the parifh where fuch demand (hall be made, to the ufe of the poor of the feme, and for nonpayment thereof, (hall fuffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the houfe of corredfion.

IV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it Commiifion-* (hall and may be lawful for tne faid commiffioners for tranfpor- ers for tran-tation, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby di- ^ranMkencei redted, appointed and required, upon the terms kforefaid, and fo hawkersC upon the receipt and fecurity given, as aforefaid, to grant a li- &c. cence, to be by them fubfcribed, to every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, for him or her felf,

or for him or herfelf with one or more horfes, afles, mules, or other beads, which he or (he (hall travel with, as the cafe (hall What fee require, for which licence there (hall be taken only one (hilling, e ta ea-jnlefs fuch hawker* pedlar, or petty chapman, (hall travel with Vox.. X*	G	horfe.

Penalty.

Money to be applied as directed by

Penalty for forging a licence.

tl	Anno	odavo & nono GuUELMi 111. 0.25.	[1697*

horfe, aft or mule, or other bead of burden, and in that cafe there (hall be paid for fuch licence only two (hillings, over and A diftind ac- above the duties aforefeid, and no more; and that the faid com-®wnt	miffioners	(hall	keep	a	feparate and diftind account of the duties

tieTpaid into"	hy this ad, and pay the money arifing thereby into his

the Exchequer Alajefty’s Exchequer, upon JVedtufdaj in every week (unlefe a weekly. holiday,) and if it be a holiday, then on the day next after that is not a holiday ; and upon negled orrefufal or the fame, (hall incur the penalties, forfeitures, damages and cods, as other the officers of the Exchequer herein after mentioned (hall be liable unto; which money fo paid in, (hall be applied to the ufes herein after mentioned by this ad, that is to fey, for the paying the intereft of the faid three hundred and thirty thoufend

_____ _ (even hundred fixty nine pounds ten (hillings (even pence, in

6 & 7 W.3.C.7. fuich fort and manner, and in fuch proportions as the duties a-riling by virtue of the feid recited ad, made in the fixth and feventh year of his Majesty’s reign are appointed to be paid and applied, and not otherwife.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That if any person and persons whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences, or travel with fuch forged or counterfeited licences, for the purpofes aforefeid, fuch peribn (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, the other to him that (hall profecute or fue for the feme, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVefimnfter, in which no eflbin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, and (hall be fubjed to fuch other pains and penalties as may be inflided on persons for forgery.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, may plead the That if any person or persons (hall be fued, molefted or trou-and^avetrt bled for putting in execution any the powers contained in this

avc * ad, or for doing any matter or thing purfuant thereunto, fuch person or persons (hall and may plead the general ifliie. Not guilty, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or judgment be given againft him or them, upon demurrer,- or a yerdid pafs for the defendant, fuch defendant (hall have his, her or their treble cofts, to be recovered in fuch manner as where by law cofts are given to defendants.

Pcn^lty °« VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, refbfih^i[a	That if any conftable, headborough, or other officer or officers

1	aforefaid,	(hall	refufe	or negled, upon due notice, or on their

own view, to be aiding and aflifting in the execution of this ad, being thereunto required, and each and every fuch officer or officers being thereof convided by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before anyjufticeof the peace for the county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit for each and every fuch offence, contrary to this ad, the fum of forty (hillings, to bev levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch

juftic*

Perfon feed

ble cofts.

refilling to afeft in the execution of tilt ad.

Digitized by t^ooQle

t6gy.] Anno o£hivo & nono Gulielmi III. c.25.	83

juftice of the peace, the one moiety to the poor of the parifti whetfe fuch offence (hall be committed, the other moiety to the informer who fhall profecute for the fame, rendririg the overplus thereof to the owner, if any be.

VIII.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Hawker, &cf. That it fhall and may be lawful for any person and persons may be de- , whatfoever to feize and detain any fuch hawker, pedlar, petty til1 .hc chapman, or other trading person or persons as aforefaid, till	hl*

fuch time as he, (he or they (hall produce a licence in that behalf, if he, (he or they have any, and if he, (he or they (hall be found trading without a licence, contrary to this ad, for fuch reafonable time as he, (he or they may give notice to the con-ftable, headborough, tythingman, church-warden, overfeer of the poor, or fome other parifti officer or officers, who are here-

offeoce or offences (hall be committed; which (aid juftice of tbe Penalty on peace is hereby authorized and ftridly required, either upon the hawker, &c. confeffion of the party offending, or due proof by witnefs upon oath (which he is hereby impowered to adminifter) That the*y person fo brought before him had fo traded as aforefaid, and that no fuch licence (hall be produced by fuch offender before the faid juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the faid fum of twelve pounds to be forthwith levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender or offenders goods, wares or merchandizes, rendring the overplus, if any be, to* the owner or owners thereof, after true deduction of the reafonable charge for taking the faid diftrefc, and out of the faid fale to pay the faid refpec-tive penalties and forfeitures aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That this ad, or && t<y

any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to prohibit any per-	a

foa from felling of any ads of parliament, forms of prayer, papers^ &c!W proclamations, gazettes, licenfed almanacks or other printed nor goods or papers licenfed by authority, or any fi(h, fruits or viduals; nor wares by the to hinder any person or persons whp are the real workers or t ierc* makers of any goods or wares within the kingdom of England, tinkers, dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed* or his, coopers, &c. her, or their children, apprentices, fervants or agents, from carrying abroad, expofing to fale, and felling any of the faid

goods and wares of bis, her or their own making, in any pub-lick mart, fairs, markets or elfewhere; nor any tinker, cooper, glazier, plummers, harnefs-menders, or other persons ufually trading in mending kettles, tubs, houlhold goods or harnefs whatfoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper materials for mending the fame.

X.	Provided alfo,' and it is further enaded by the authority A regifterto aforefaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in his Majesty's ** bfP1 Exchequer, that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of receipts, pa one book or regifter in which all monies that (hall be paid into

the Exchequer by virtue of this ad (hall be entred, regiftred and kept apart and diftind from all other monies paid or payable to

G 2	bis

Digitized by

;GoogIe

Penalty on officers of Exchequer trtilapdlying the momesf

Anno o&avo & nono Gi/lielmi III. c. igl [1&J7;

his Majesty, or upon any other branch of his Majesty’s revenue^ or upon any other account whatfoever.

XI. Provided, and it is further ena&ed by the authority a-forefaid. That if any officer in the Exchequer (hall divert or mifapply any of the monies that (hall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this a<ft, to any other ufes or purpofes than are hereby directed, then fuch officer fo offending fhall forfeit his office in thfc Exchequer, and be incapable of any office or place of truft, and (hall be liable to pay the treble value of any fum or fums fo diverted or mifapplied to any of the persons thereby grieved, their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, who will fue for the fame, by any action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; and all orders and Warrants for iffuing, ©o^wiTto Cy Paying or difpofing any of the monies to be raifed by virtue of the tobe this aCt, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, (hall void.

Order* for

A& not to hinder the title of good* In any pub-lick market.

be utterly void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder any person or persons from felling or expofing to fale any forts of goods or merchandizes, in any publick mart, market or fair within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweedy but that fuch person and persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this a<5t* any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas by the faid before in part recited a<ft it is provided. That the commiffioners for tranfportation (hould* within three months after the paffing of the faid aft, make out authentick debentures for each fum of money due to or for every refpedtive (hip, as the fame was adjufted by the commiffioners for taking and dating the publick accounts of the kingdom; and that fuch debenture, when made out, be delivered either to the owner of, or to the agent appearing for every fuch refpeCtive (hip, and (hall be made payable to fuch person or his affigns as fuch refpeCtive owner or his agent (hall nominate, for the ufe of the owners of the refpeCtive (hips : now, for the better ad-jufting and fetting forth of what (hare, part and proportion of the money by this and the faid in part recited aCt, any person is or may be intituled unto, and that the refpe&ive agents may be the better informed for making their payments, and for preventing of frauds in that behalf, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the first day of Augufly one thou-* fand fix hundred ninety feven, the feveral owners of the faid

count^oftheir ^Ps> or fuch P^fon or persons to whom their feveral (hares, Shares, &c. parts or interefts in the fame, (hall before that time come, or be transferred, (hall deliver in to the commiffioners for tranfportation an account of what lhare, part or intereft in each (hip he or they under whom they claim are at the time of fuch account-poffeffedof} and if fuch part, (hare or intereft (hall at that time

be

Owners of Ikips, &c. to deliver an ac-

Digitized by Google

^597*] Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c.25.	*5

' be transferred, affigned or vefted in any other person than the And if tranfe iirft proprietor, then the person or persons claiming the fame J?rrcd and*f" ihall give an account to the feid commiffioners, how, and by hfwC intituled what ways and means he or they become intituled to the fame; $c.	'

and fo from time to time upon the death of any person intituled to any part, (hare, or intereft of the money intended to be raifed by this or the faid in part recited a6t, or upon alignment pt transferring of fuch part, (hare or intereft, the person who (hall be intituled to fuch part, (hare or intereft upon fuch death, af-fignment or transferrence, (hall give an account of the fame to the faid commiffioners, as above directed.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, a regifter of That a regifter of every perfon’s claim and intereft (hall be made, persons claim-and from time to time be continued and kept in a book or books ?n£ to be kept to be provided by the /aid commiffioners for that purpofe in their m a

office; and for regiftring each perfon’s claim or title, there (hall be paid to the clerk one (hilling, and no more 5 and no per- No person to fon (hall be intituled to receive from the agent of any (hip any JJ®ceiv® pf the money raifed, or intended to be raifed by this or the faid cjaim^e deli, in part recited a<ft, till he hath delivered in to the faid commif- vered to the fioners an account of his (hare, part and intereft by him de- comimflioji-manded or claimed, together with his title to the feme, (if he be crs« not the first proprietor) as aforefaid, which regifter (hall be at

feafonable times viewed without fee or reward.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe it (hall fo happen that the feveral additional duties fo granted to his Majesty, upon coffee, tea, chocolate and fpice by the faid herein recited a6t, together with the duties to be raifed by virtue of this a&, (hall amount to more than what may prove fufficient for payment of intereft, at five pounds per centum* for the feid principal fum of three hundred thirty thoufand feven hundred fixty nine pounds ten (hillings feven pence, that then, any furpju, and in fuch cafe, fuch furplus arifing by the faid duties, more arife/to be * than fufficient for payment of the faid intereft, (hall remain in kept in the Ex* the Exchequer, and not be difpofed of otherwife than by a£t of chequer, &p. parliament exprefly made in that behalf.

XVI.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful fox the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, out of the monies raifed by this or

the faid recited a<ft, to pay to the faid commiffioners, their clerks, pommiffion-or any other persons, fuch fums of money as they or any of them ers, &c. to bt (hall or may reafonably deferve for their fervice, or (hall or may paid out of have expended in the execution of, or in relation to this or the t^ie duties, faid recited a6t.

. XVII. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That this a&, or anything therein contained, A& not to (hall not extend or be conftrued to give any power for the li- empower cenfing of any hawker, pedlar or petty chapman, to fell, or ex- ?o pofe to fele any wares or merchandizes in any city, borough, s 9 town corporate, or market town within this realm, any other-• Wife than might have been <}one before the making of this a<ft ;

G 3	any

Anno o&avo & nono GuleelMi III. c.26. [1697.

any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

An aEl for the letter preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom.

WHEREAS notwithfianding the good lawsfill in force againjt the counterfeiting of the monies and coins of this realm, yet the faid offence doth and is like daily to intreafeto the manifeft wrong and injury both of his Majejly and all his loving fubje&s, being very much occafioned for want of a due and condign pumjhment to be inflifted upon• fuch artificers and others, who without any lawful authority da make or ufe puncheons, fiamps, dyes, and other engines and infiru-meats, which are commonly uj'ed, or may be made ufe of in or about the coining of money: for redrefs of which fo great and growing a mifchier, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and

No fmith> &c.	^	authority	of the fame. That from and after the fifteenth

except em- day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, no fmith.



any dye, &c, ror nis ^ajeity s mint or mints in tne tower or uonaon, or ene-t to ftamp any where, and for the ufe and ferviceof the faid mints only, orper-current coin fons lawfully authorized by the lords commiffioners of the trea-of gold or fil-^ or iorj hjgh treafurer of England for the time being) (hall any edging' knowingly make or mend, or begirt or proceed to make or mend, tool, &c. nor or affift in the making or mending of any puncheon* counter coining prefs, puncheon* matrix, (lamp, dye, pattern, or mould of fteel, iron, nor cutting filver, or other metal or metals, or of fpaud, or fine founders have'fn their e*rth> or fand, or of any other materials whatfoever, in or upon cuftody ^ny( which there (hall be, or be made or inppreffed, or which will fuch, * make or imprefs the figure, ftamp, refemblance or fimilitude of

t>oth or either of the fides or flats of any gold or filver coin, current within this kingdom, nor (hall knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or affift in the making or mending of any edger or edging tool, inftrument, or engine, not of common ufe in any trade, but contrived for marking of money round the edges with letters, graining?, or other marks or figures refembling thofe qn the edges of money coined in his Majesty’s mint, nor any prefs for coinage, nor any cutting engine, ror cutting round blanks by force of a ferew out of flatted bars of gold, filver, or other metal, nor (hall knowingly buy or fell, hide or conceal,, or without lawful authority or fufficient excufe for that purpofe, knowingly have in his* her or their houfes, cuftody or pofieffion, any (uch puncheon, counter puncheon* matrix, ftamp, dye, edger, cutting engine, or other tool or in-

Oflfeaders, &c. ftrument before mentioned $ and if any fmith, engraver, found-guilty of high er, or other person or persons whatfoever, (other than and ex-< fca?H'uffernd cePt as aforqfaid) (hall offend in any the matters or things afore-deatlv faid, then all and every fuch offender and offentfers^ their coun-r

(ellorsat

CAR XXVI.

Digitized by

Google

n

5r6p?.!J Anno oftavo & nono Guliilmi III. c.i6.

lellors, procurers, aiders and abettors, (hall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and being of the faid offences, or any of them, convicted or attainted, according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer death as in cafe of high treafon.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, persons con-That if any person or persons whatfoever, from and after the

laid fifteenth day of May, (hall without lawful authority for that punch^ont&c. purpofe, wittingly or knowingly convey or aflift in the convey- and concealing out of his Majesty’s mint in the tower of London, or out of ing the fame, any other of his Majesty’s mints, any puncheon, counter pun- jj? ** trea^u^ theon, matrix, dye, (lamp, edger, cutting engine, prefs, or other mg ^ tool, engine or iriftrument ufed for or about the coining of monies there, or any ufeful part of fuch tools or inftruments, that then as well the faid person and persons fo offending, their coun-fellors, procurers, aiders or abettors, as alfo all and every person and persons knowingly receiving, hiding or concealing tne fame,

(hall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and being of the faid offences, or any of them, convicted or attainted according to the order and courfe of the laws	%

of this realm, (hall fuffer death as in cafe of high treafon.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, bike penalty

That if any person or persons (other than the persons employ-	*

ed in his Majesty’s mint or mints, or fuch as (hall have authority

from the lords commiflioners ofthetreafury,or lord hightreafurer counterfeit of England for the time being) (hall after the faid fifteenth day of coin.

May, mark on the edges any the current coin of this kingdom, or if any person or persons whatfoever (hall mark on the edges any of the diminifhed coin of this kingdom, or any counterfeit coin refem-bling the coin of this kingdom, with letters or grainings, or other marks or figures like unto thofe on the edges of money coined in his Majesty’s mint, every fuch offence (hall be and is hereby adjudged to be high treafon, and the offender and offenders therein, his and their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors, being thereof convicted or attainted according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer death as in cafe of high treafon.

IV.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, or colouring.

That if any person or persons whatfoever, after the (aid fifteenth giving*&c* ,, day of May, (hall colour, gild, or cafe over with gold or filver,	the

or with any wafh or materials producing the colour of gold or current coin* filver, any coin refembling any the current coin of this kingdom,

or any round blanks of bafe metal, or of coarfe gold or coarfe filver of a fit fize and figure to be coined into counterfeit milled money refembling any the gold or filver coin of this kingdom, or if any person or persons (hall gild over any filver blanks of a fit fize and figure to be coined into pieces refembling the current gold coin of this kingdom, all and every fuch person and persons fo offending, their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors,

(hall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and being convicted or attainted thereof, according to the order and criurfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer death as in cafe of high treafon.

G 4	V. And

Digitized by

88	Anno	Gflravo	& nono Gulielmi III. c.2<?,,	[169/2

Puncheon, VT And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fn th^Coffefnd ^ anY puncheon, dye, (lamp, edger, cutting engine, prefs, fiafk, lion of any	or ot^er tool, inftrument, or engine, ufed or defigned for coin-

perfon not ing or counterfeiting gold or filver monies, or any part of fuch employed in tool or engine, (hall, at any time after the faid fifteenth day of fazed May* be hid or concealed in any place, or found in thehoufe* and^produced cuft°dy7 or ppfleffion of any person or persons whatfoever, not In evidence, then employed in the coining of money in fame of his Majesty’s mints, nor having the fame by fome lawful authority, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what^-foever, difeovering the fame, to feize, and he and they are here-*-by required to feize the fame, and to carry them forthwith tc* fome juftice of peace of the county, city, or place where the fame (hall be fo feized, and by him fecured, to be produced in evidence againft any person or persons who (hall or may be pro-fecuted for any fuch offence, in fome court of juftice proper for the determination thereof, and after fuch time as they or any of them (hall hayebeen produced in evidence, as well the fame f<* produced, as the other fo feized, and not made ufe of in evidence, and every of them, (hall forthwith by order of that court where fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried, or by order, and . -	in the prefence of fuch or fome other juftice of the peace, in

cafe there be no fuch trial, be totally defaced and deftroyed $ and if, after the faid fifteenth day of May, any counterfeit or un-r JawfqlJy diminilhed money (hall be produced in any court of juftice, either in evidence againft any person or persons for any be afterwards ,°^ence bating to the counterfeiting or unlawfully diminilhing put in pieces. money, or otherwife, that then, or immediately after evidence given, the judge or judges of fuch court (hall caufefuch monies Jo be cut in pieces in open court, or in the prefence of fome juftice of the peace, and then to be delivered to or for fuch per-* (on or persons to whom the fame of right (hall appertain.

VI . And whereas feveral mixtures of metals have been invented in imitation of gold and filver, and blanched copper is principally made fale for mixing °f in imitation of filver, and feldom, if ever^ for any bonejl or b(anched cop- good purpofe\ be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, per with filver, That if any person or persons whatfoever, after the faid fifteenth ©r%ayini	day of May, (hall blanch copper for fale, or mix blanched copr

counter flit	per with filver, pr knovvingly buy or fell, or offer to fale, blan-

milled money, ched copper alone, or mixed with filver, or (hall knowingly and fraudulently buy or fell, or offer to fale, any malleable composition or mixture of metals or minerals, which (hall be heavier than filver, and lpol£, and touch, and wear like ftandard gold, but be mapifeftly worfe than ftandard, or (hall take, receive, pay, pr put off, any counterfeit milled money, or any milled money whatfoever unlawfully diminUhed, and not cut in pieces, at or for a lower rate or value.thanthe fame by its denomination doth or (hall import, or was coined or counterfeited for, that then all jjnd every iuch person and perfpns (hall he deemed and adjudged to be guilty of guilty of felony, apd, beipg thereof convided or attainted, ac-fclony^ cording to the order and courfe of the laws of this pe^lrp, (haft fuffer death as in cafe pf felony,

VII. Pro,

Counterfeit money, &c. produced in evidence or

ferfons blanching copper for

Digitized by VjOOQle

f-697-1 Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi lit. c.iy'. 89

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Attainder by

aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, or anythi®' a&not to attainder or attainders of any person or persons for any offence	of bloo§]

or offences made treafon or felony by this aft, fhall not in any See.	9

wife extend, or be judged, interpreted, or expounded, to make

any corruption of blood to any the heir or heirs of any fuch offender or offenders, or to make the wife of any fuch offender to lofe or forfeit her dower of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or her tide, action, or intereft to the fame j and that	cvj~

all and eyery person or persons that (hall at any time after theer*^ay ^ ” faid fifteenth day of May, be accufed or impeached of any the convioed. offences made treafoti or felony by this aft, fhall or may be indicated, arraigned, tried, convifted, or attainted, by fuch like evidence, and in fuch manner and form, as now are, or may by the laws of this realm be had or ufed againft any offender or offender for counterfeiting the King’s money; any thing in this aft contained, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary not-withffanding.

VIII.	And for the rendring more effedtual an adt made in the

fixth and feventh years of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft Offences *n * to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the coin of this kingdom; be it i^.7may b/* enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the crimes heard m the and offences, fpecified and mentioned in the faid aft, may be King's Bench, heard and determined upon indiftment or prefentment either in °r at a S80* his Majesty’s court of King9s Bench, or before the juftices of oyer ae vcry* and terminer, or juftices of aflize, or general gaol delivery, lXr Provided always, and be it enafted. That this aft (hall continue and be in force until the end of the next feflion of par- m0nths. foment, and no longer; and that no profecution fhall be made By 9 & jo Wi for any offence againft this aft, unlefs fuch profecution be com- 3- c*21f *• menced within three months after fuch offence committed. This aft made perpetual by 7 Ann#, cap. 25. feft- 3. and by feft. 2. the money* makers or rpenders of tools ore to be projecuted within fix months.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the more effeftual relief of creditor$ in cafes of efcapes9 and for preventing abufes in prisons and pretended privileged places.

WHEREAS by reafon of the many grievous extortions and ill praftices of fuch persons who have for feveral years pajl re* fpeftively executed the offices of marjhal of the King’* Bench, warden of the Fleet, and keeper of the Marfhalfea, Newgate, and other prisons, and by feveral pretended privileged places within this realmy both creditors and debtors have been notorioufly abufedy and the good intents of the law wholly eluded: for reformation thereof be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of May, one thoufand prHbners fe fix hundred ninety feyen^ all prifoners, cither upon contempt or the King’s

piefee Bench o?1

go	Anno	o&avo & none GkJLiSLMl III. C.2 7. [r6gfi

Fleet to be de- ittcfhe procefs, or in execution, who are or (hall be committed tamed there to tjje cufto^y Qf the marfhal of the King's Bench prifon, or pr m e ru es. wanjen Qf tjie p\eet^ (hall be actually detained within the faid prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, or the refpedtive rules of the fame, until they (hall be from thence difeharged by due courfe of law; and if at any time from and after the faid first day of May, the faid marfhal or warden, or any other keeper or Keeper fuffer- keepers of any prifon, (hall permit and differ any prisoner com-ar^arg^wit^ mittecl to their cuftody, either on mefne procefs or in execution, out Habeas ro go or be at large out of the rules of their refpedtive prisons Corpus deemed (except by virtue of fome writ of Habeas Corpus, or rule of court, an efcape.	which rule of court (hall not be granted but by motion made or

fee a Geo!i.	Petiu°n read in open court) every fuch going or being out of

the faid rules (hall be adjudged and deemed, and is hereby declared to be an efcape.

II. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That



Upon judg-

roe^in a«10n from and after the faid first day of May, every person or persons marfhaf or

ed for latif-la&totu

law >50*

obtaining judgment in any adtion of efcape againft the faid mar-warden* fees fllal or warden, or their refpedtive lawful deputy or deputies, tobefeqqefter- (hall and may have, not only the feveral remedies already by ^	jaw	a]jowe(j	for	obtaining	fatisfadtion thereon, but the judges of

the refpedtive courts where fuch judgment (hall be obtained (upon oath before them made by the person or persons obtaining fuch judgment, that the fame was obtained without fraud or covin, and that the debt of the prisoner making fuch efcape was MocLcafetin a true and real debt and unfatisfied) (hall, upon motion made to them in open court for that purpofe, fequefter the fees and profits of the office of marfhal or warden, or fo much, or fuch part or proportion thereof, as the faid court wherein fuch motion (hall be made (hall think fit and reafonable, with refpedt to the debt or debts due from fuch prisoner or prisoners fo efcaping, and in the first place apply the fame towards fatisfadtion of the debt or debts due from the prisoner (5r prisoners who efcaped, together with all cofts and damages recovered in fuch adtion of efcape.

III.	And to the end that fuch fatisfadtion may not be deferred by any writ of error brought for delay only, be it enadied. That if the faid marfhal or warden, or their refpedtive deputy or deputies, (hall at any time after the faid first day of AZay> fue forth any writ or writs of error to reverfe any judgment given in any adtion of efcape, fuch marfhal or warden, or their refpec-tive deputy or deputies, (hall be obliged to put in fpecial bail, or in default thereof no execution (hall be ftayed, nor any fe-queftration of the profits delayed,

IV.	And whereas it is notorious that divers great films of money and other rewards have been given to, and actually received by, the feveral persons executing the refpetfive offices of marjhal and warden, and other keepers of the feveral prisons within this kingdomy to affijt or permit prisoners in their cuftody to efcapey in open defiance and con-

Pc^°^tlie te^nPt °f the fo™ °f this realm: for preventing the like evil prac-fQr ^ tg cwqj> ft farther ena&ed* That if any

mar (hit

Marfhal, &c. filing a writ of error to reverfe judgment, to put fa fpecial bail.

Digitized by v^ooQle

i697.3	Anno o£btvo & nono Gulielmt III. c. 27.	$r

marfhal or warden, or their refpeblive deputy or deputies, or any taking any

keeper of any other prison within this kingdom, (hall take any rcward to r r c *	r	,	^ .	, -P 7 c . c J connive at

fum of money, reward or gratuity whatsoever, or fecunty for prifoner’s

the fame, to procure, aflift, connive at, or permit any fuch efcape.

efcape, and (hall be thereof lawfully convibled, the faid marihal

or warden, or their refpeblive deputy or deputies, or fuch other

keeper of any prisons as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch offence

forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and his faid office, and

be for ever after incapable of executing any fuch office.

V.	Provided always, That this abl, nor anything therein This aft not contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to make void to void fecu-fuch fecurkies, or any of them, as (hall at any time or times Sivc? £or hereafter be given by any prisoner or prisoners for his or their *n rules of lodging or lodgings without the aforefaid prisons, or either of the faid them, within the rules of the faid prisons of King9s Bench and prifons.

Fleet? or either of them, fo as fuch fecurity or fecurities be not

taken for the enlargement of any prisoner or prisoners out of or beyond the rules of the faid prisons of King's Bench and Fleet? or either of them refpeblively.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No retaking

That from and after the faid first day of May? no retaking on on frelh pur-frefh purfuit (hall be given in evidence on the trial of any iffue	|*vcn

in any ablion of efcape againft the faid marfhal or warden, or ^on erf* 00 their refpeblive deputy or deputies, or againft any other keeper efcape, unlefs or keepers of any other prison or prisons as aforefaid, unlefs the fpecially fame be fpecially pleaded, nor (hall any fpecial plea be taken, P,eadedj nor received, or allowed, unlefs oath be first made in writing by the p?/a>Unlefs marfhal or warden, or their refpeblive deputy or deputies, or by upon oath that fuch other keeper or keepers of apy other prison or prisons as the efcape was aforefaid, againft whom fuch ablion (hall be brought, and filed

in the proper office of the refpeblive courts, that the prisoner marih^ &c. for whofe efcape fuch ablion is brought did without his confent, Penalty’for* privity, or knowledge make fuch efcape 5 and if fuch affidavit falfe affidavit, (hall at any time afterwards appear to be falfe, and the marfhal or warden or other keeper hr keepers of any 6ther prison or prisons, (hall be convibled thereof by due courfe of law, fuch marfhal or warden, or other keeper or keepers of any other prison or prisons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority Prifoner in aforefaid. That if at any time after the faid first day of May? any execution prisoner who is or (hall be committed in execution to either or £e retakerTbv any of the faid refpeblive prisons, (hall efcape from thence by any new any ways or means howfoever, the creditor or creditors, at whole Capias*

fiift fuch prisoner was charged in execution at the time of his efcape, (hall or may retake fuch prisoner by any new Capias? or Capias ad fatisfaciendum? or fue forth any other kind of execution on the judgment, as if the body of fuch prisoner had never been taken in execution.	*

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Keeper refuf. That if the faid marflial or warden for the time being, or their refpebtiye deputy or deputies, or other keeper or keepers of any

9*	Anno	oftavo	&	nono Gulielmi III. c. [1697.'

other prison or prisons, (hall, after one day’s notice in writing given for that purpofe, refufe to (hew any prisoner committed jn execution to the creditor at whofe fuit fuch prisoner wai committed or charged, or to his attorney, every fuch refufal (hall be adjudged to be an efcape in law*

Penalty on IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* marfhal, &c. That if any person or persons whatfoever, defiring to charge any refufing to person with any adion or execution, (hall defire to be informed whether?per- t^ie &id marfhal or warden, or their refpedive deputy or de-fop beprifoner, puties, or by any other keeper or keepers of any other prison or prnot. prisons, whether fuch person be a prisoner in his cuftody, or not, the faid marfhal or warden, or fuch other keeper or keepers of any other prison or prisons, (hall give a true note in * '	writing	thereof to the person fo requefting the fame, or to hi$

lawful attorney, upon demand at his office for that purpofe, or in default thereof (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds $ and if fuch marfhal or warden, or their refpedive deputy or deputies exercifing the faid office, or other keeper or keepers of any other prison or prisons, (hall give a note in writing that fuch person is an adual *prifoncr in his or their cuftody, every fuch note (hall be accepted and taken as a fufficient evidence that fuch person was at that time a prisoner in adual cuftody.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That on or before the four and twentieth day of Juney one thoufand Bench and hundred ninety feven, all and every the conveyances, grants, and mortgages of the inheritance oft the aforefaid prisons of King’s Bench, and Fleet, or either of them, and of the prifon-houfes, lands, tenements, buildings, and other hereditaments to the faid prisons of King’s Bench and Fleet or either of them refpedively belonging, or in any wife appertaining, and all Ieafe$ thereof, and the refpedive titles of the marfhal of the King’s Bench and warden of the Fleet prisons thereunto, or of him or them in whom the inheritance or inheritances of, in, and to the faid prisons, and prifon-hpufes, and premises, pr either of them, now are, and all trufts and declarations of trufts there-r unto, or unto either of them relating, (hall be iprolled (viz.) that of the marfhal of (he King’s Bench in the King’s Bench court, and that of the warden of the Fleet in the court of Com-1 mon Pleas at IVtflminfter; and that all future conveyances, grants,

„ .. and mortgages, of the inheritance of the faid prisons of King’s in 6 months	and Fleet, or of either of them, or of any part of either of

them, and all leafes thereof, and alj trufts and declarations of truft thereunto or unto either of them relating, (hall be fo in-rolled in the refpedive courts, as aforefaid, within fix months next after the executing of every or any fuch conveyances, grants, mortgages, or leafes, or fuch trufts or declarations of frufts thereunto pr unto either of them relating, or pf any of them; and if any fuch conveyances, grants, or mortgages, of tfte inheritance of the find prisons of King’s Bench or Fleets or either pf them, or of any part of either of them, or any fuch trwfts pr declanftioqs pf 'truft thereuntp 9X untp either of then^

relating,

Such note to be fufficient evidence*

Conveyances

Fleet prisons, &c. to be infeed.

Future conveyances, &c,

Jn 6 months after execution thereof, pr elfe to be

yoid.

Digitized by v^ooQle

J ArinO oftavo & nonO GulieIMI III. C. 2J+	gj'

relating, or any leafes of the faid premiffes, be not fo inrolldt within the times limited as aforefaid, in the faid courts repetitively, as aforefaid, that then and in fuch cafe, as well the pre-> lent as all future conveyances, grants, and mortgages of every of them, and the inheritance cff the faid prisons of King’s Bench and Fleets or either of them, or of any part of either of them, and all leafes thereof, and all trufts and declarations of truft thereunto, or unto any of them relating, (hall be and are hereby declared to be utterly void and of none effed, as if the fame had never been executed; any law, ftatute* or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Office of mar-That from and after the faid first day of May, the faid offices of ^al and war-tnarlhal of the King’s Bench prifon, and warden of the Fleet, and Bench each of them, (hall be executed by the feveral persons to whom and Fleet to b» the inheritance of the prisons, prilon-houfes, lands, tenements, executed by and other hereditaments, of the faid prisons of King’s Bench and t^°f? who have Fleet, or either of them, (hall then belong or appertain rcfpec“ a^ce ofthe tively, in his or their refpedivc proper person or persons, or by faid prisons, or his or their fufficient deputy or deputies; for which deputy or their deputies, deputies, and for all forfeitures, efcapes, and other mifdemean- ^or

ors, in their refpedive offices by fuch deputy or deputies per- harden tobe mitted, fuffered, or committed, the faid person or persons, in aniwerablc. whom the aforefaid inheritances refpedively are or (hall then be, (hall be anfwerable, and the profits and aforefaid inheritances of the faid feveral offices (hall be fequeftred, feized, or extended to make fatisfadion for fuch forfeitures, efcapes, and mifdemeanors refpedively, as if permitted, fuffered, or committed by the person or persons themfelves, or either of them, in whom the refpedive inheritances of the faid prisons (hall then be.

XII.	And whereas the way of proceeding againfl the warden of the Fleet prison by bill in the courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer at Weftminfter is found to be very dilatory; be it further enaded

by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid first day On bill filed of Mayy it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- ^^ei^anda ions, having caufe of adion againft the warden of the Fleet pri- given out* fon, upon bill filed in the faid courts of Common Pleas or Ex- judgment to * chequer againft the faid warden, and a rule being given to plead be figned, un-thereto, to be out eight days at moft after filing fuch bill, to jefs pleaded to fign judgment againft the faid warden of the Fleet, unlefs he m rcc ays* plead to the faid bill within three days after fuch rule is out.

XIII.	And for the more eafy and quick obtaining of judg- Copy of dement againft any person or persons who now is or hereafter claration de-(hall be a prisoner or prisoners in the aforefaid prison of the

Fleet; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from affidavit made and after the faid first day of May, it (hall and may be lawful to thereof, plain-and for any person or persons, who hath or (hall have any caufe to fign of adion againft any prisoner or prifoners, who now is, or are, or judgment, hereafter (hall be committed to the faid prison of the Fleety after filing or entring of a declaration in fuch adion with the proper 6	officer.

Digitized by CjOOQle

officer, to deliver a copy of fuch declaration or declarations to * any fuch defendant or defendants in any perfonal a&ion or adions, or to the turnkey or porter of the laid Fleet prifon, and, after rule given thereupon to plead, to be out at eight days at mod after delivery of fuch copy of declaration or declarations, and affidavit made of fuch delivery before the lord chief juftice, or one other of the juftices of the Common Pleas, or before the lord chief baron, or fome other of the barons of the coif of the Exchequer at Weftminfter, of the delivery of fuch declaration or declarations to the defendant or defendants, in fuch a&ion or a&ions, or to the turnkey or porter of the faid Fleet prifon, as afbrefaid, to fign judgment in fuch action or a&ions againft fuch defendant or defendants, as if fuch defendant or defendants had been actually charged at the bar of the Common Pleas or Exchequer with fuch adtion or actions; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

No prisoner to XIV. And whereas great fums of money have been and are Jlill rent^off^er-61 ta^en °f Pr'lfoners °f the aforefaid prisons of King’* Bench and than whflc^n	anc^	ot^er prisons, under pretence of chamber rent, although

attual polTef- the Jaid prisoners have not had the actual pojfeffton of any chamber fion, nor pay within the faid prisons, or any of them; for the avoiding of that 6<1* inconvenience for the future be it enadted. That from and after «*»**» the	jay	0f jtfay9 no prisoner or prisoners (hall pay, or

be compellable to pay any chamber rent for any chamber within either or any of the faid prisons, for any longer time than he or they is or are adlually in poffefiion of the faid chamber or chambers, and that during fuch time as he or they is or are actually in pofleflion of any fuch chamber or chambers within either or any of the faid prisons as aforefaid, fuch prisoner or prisoners (hall not pay above the fum of two (hillings and fix pence per week for any fuch chamber; and if the marlhal of the King9s Bench prifon, warden of the Fleet, or keeper or keepers 'of any other prison or prisons, as aforefaid, (hall take or demand any greater fum or fums of money for the ufe of fuch chamber, than the fum of two (hillings and fix pence per week, he or they fo taking or demanding (hall in fuch cafe, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XV. And for the preventing for the future the many notorious and fcandalous practices ufed in many pretended privileged places in and about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, by objlrufting the execution of legal procefs there, and thereby defrauding and cheating great numbers of people of their honejl and juft debts; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid first day of May, it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons, who have or hath any debt or debts, fum or films of money due or owing to him from any person or persons who now is, or hereafter (hall be and refide within the White Friers, Savoy, Salifbury Courts Ram Alley, Mitre Court, Fuller's Rents, Baldwin's Gardens, Montague Close, or the Minories, Mint, Clink, or Deadman's Place, upon legal procefs taken out againft fuch person or persons, to

[Penalty on demanding more.]

[Pretended privileged places.]

demand and require the fheriffs of London and Middlefex, head Sheriffs, &c. bailiff of the liberty of the duchy of Lancafler, or high fheriff J?ay. ta^e P°JF of the county of Surrey, or bailiff of the liberty of the borough arrefHn the of Southwark for the time being (as the cafe lhall require, if the faid privileged plaintiff think it requifite) or their refpeCtive deputy or depu- places, on proties, officer or officers, to take, and they arc hereby enabled cefs» ext*?b refpeCtively to take the Poffe Comitates, or fuch other power as to or exccu on-him or them or any of them (hall feem requifite, and enter the faid pretended privileged places, and any or either of them (as the cafe (hall require) and to arreft, and in cafe of refiftance or refufal to open the doors, to break open any door or doors to arreft fuch perlon or persons upon any mefne or other procefe, extent or execution, or to feize the goods of any fuch person or persons upon any execution or extent; and if the faid fheriff or Penalty on fheriffs, head bailiff, or their deputy or deputies, officer or arc-officers, or either or any of them (hall negleCt or refufe (upon fuch requeft) with fuch force to do their beft endeavours for the execute fuch executing of fuch procefs, execution or extent, he or they fo procefc j neglecting or refufing to execute fuch procefc, execution or extent, (hall forfeit to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aCiion the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and on thofe and if in the executing of fuch procefs, execution or extent, any °PP°fe person or persons (hall oppofe or refill any fuch officer or offi- e^ti^thcT" cers, or any of them, or any who (hall be aiding or affifting to fame.5 him, them, or any of them, in the executing of fuch procefs, execution or extent, he or they fo offending (hall, for every time he or they (hall fo offend, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and moreover (hall be by fome juftice of peace committed to the common gaol of fuch county, city or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize until the next affizes, feffions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, to be held for fuch county, city or. place; and fuch offender or offenders being of fuch offence or offences duly convicted, every fuch offender lhall fuffer and undergo fuch imprifonment, and be fet in the pillory, as the court where fuch conviction (hall be (hall think fit; and if any refeous (hall Penalty for be made of any prisoner taken by any fuch officer or officers as J^ning a prv-aforefaid, upon any fuch procefs, execution or extent, withinlon the limits of any the before mentioned pretended privileged places, by any person or persons whatsoever, fuch person or persons, fo making fuch refeous, or aiding, affifting or abetting the lame, and being thereof lawfully c&nviCted, mall refpeCtively forfeit to the plaintiff in any fuch aCtion the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts at Weftminjier, in which adion, bill, plaint or information, no efloin, privilege* protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance lhall be allowed5 and if after fuch recovery had againft any person or persons for fuch refeous, or for aiding, affifting or abetting the

fame.

g6

PfcWbn harbouring or concealing refcuer, to be tranfported for 7 years, unlefs he pay the debt and coils.

Felony to return from tranfporta-tion.

Penalties how to be difpoled of.

This a & to be n general Jaw 5 and persons fued for executing the fame may plead the general ilfue.

Ann6 o&ivo & nono GtJLlEtbii III. C. 2*j. [169/,

lame, the person or persons againft whom fuch recovery (hall be had, (hall refufe or negledt to pay to the plaintiff in fuch adlion, or to his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, the fum or fums recovered, with full cofts of fuit, within one month after judgment figned upon fuch recovery, and demand made, that -then the person or persons fo refufmg or neglecting as aforefaid, upon producing a copy of thfe judgment upon which fuch recovery (hall be had, and oath made that the money recovered is not paid, (hall, by order of fuch couft wherein the faid person or persons was or were fo convicted, of or for any fuit refcous, or for aiding, affifting or abetting the fame, be tranfported by the (heriff or (heriffs of the county, city or place where fuch conviction (hall happen to be, to one of his Majesty’s plantations beyond the feas, there to remain for the fpace of feven years; and if the person or persons fo tranfported, (hall return again to this kingdom withia the fpace of (even years, he, (he or they fo returning, (hall be and is hereby adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall not be aliow'-ed the benefit of clergy, but (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of felony where clergy is not allowed; and if any person dr persons, inhabiting within either or any of the aforefaid pretended privileged places, (hall receive, conceal or harbour any person or persons, who (hall have made any refcous as aforefaid, he, flie or they fo receiving, concealing or harbouring any fuch person or persons, knowing or having had notice that fuch person or persons had been guilty of fuch offence, being thereof convicted by due courfe of law, (hall be, by order of that court where fuch convidtion (hall happen to be, by the (heriff or (he-riffs of the county, city or place where the offence was committed, tranfported to fome or one of his Majesty’s plantations beyond the feas, there to remain for the fpace of feven years, unlefs fuch person or persons (hall, within the fpace of one month next after fuch convidlion, pay to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adlion or fuit, the full debt or duty for which fuch adtion or fuit was brought, with full cofts; arid if he, (he or they (hall return into this kingdom within the faid (pace of feven years, he, (he or they fo returning, (hall be and is hereby adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall not be allowed the benefit of clergy, but (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of felony, where clergy is not allowed.

XVI.	And be it further etladled, That the feveral penalties before in and by this adt inflidted, and not particularly difpofed of, (hall go one half to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame, to be recovered as aforefaid.

XVII.	And for the prevention of difputes touching this adl, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the fame, and every claufe and thing therein contained, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a general law, and that it (hall not be needful to (hew or fet forth the fame or any claufe thereof in pleading, and that the feme, and all claufes therein, (hall be


1697O Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.27.	97

construed moft largely and beneficially for the preventing of all the mifchiefs, abufes, efcapes, and other inconveniencies herein provided againft; and further* that if any person or persons (hall. at any time be fued for putting in execution any power or authority given by this aft, fuch person and persons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give in evidence this aft, and the fpecial * matter; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aftion (hall be nonfuit, or a verdict given for a defendant or defendants, or if Defendant to the plaintiff or plaintiffs difcontinue their aftion, or if upon de- have double murrer judgment (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, cofts« every fuch defendant or defendants (hall have his or their double cofts.

XVIJL Saving unto Martha Johnfon widow, Thomas Johnfon, Right of MaN and John Johnfon, fons of the faid Martha, and Frances her tha JohnCoa, daughter, their heirs* executors, adminiftrators and afligns, all £c* (*ved. fuch right, title, eftate, equity, intereft and demand, as (he or they now haVe, or (hall or may have, challenge or claim, of, in or unto all or any the houfes and (hops belonging to the office of the warden of the Fleet> or to the prison or the Fleet, herein before contained, as .fully and effectually, to ail intents and purppfes, as (he or they had before the making of this act, as if this aft had never been had or made.

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this act con*

tained (hall extend to prejudice, impeach, or leffen any fecuri- to prejudice ty or (ecurities for any fum or films of money made or given, by the fecurities or out of the faid office of marlhal of the Marjhalfea of the court |?ade by Wil-of King’s bench, or the profits thereof, by William Lenthall efo!\oS?rfohn efquire, to Sir John Cutler baronet deceafed, or to Edmund Boulter Cutler, &c. efquire, executor of the faid Sir John Cutler, or to any other 4 Co. 8x, 8a. person or persons in truft for them or either of them, or to fub-jeft the faid office, or the profits thereof, Or the person or persons in whom the fame are or (hall be veiled, to any of the forfeitures or penalties in this aft contained, other than fuch as they are or may be liable unto before the making of this aft, until fuch fum or fums of money, fecured thereby, (hall be fuN ly fatisfied and paid, any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XX.	Saving unto Anthony Smith mariner, his heirs, execu-R-1<rjlt An-tors, adminiftrators and afligns, all fuch right, title, eftatfe, thony Smith equity, intereft and demand, as he or they now have, or (hall Caved.

or may have, challenge or claim, of, in or unto the office of warden of the Fleet, or the prison of the Fleet, or^ll or any of the houfes and (hops belonging to the office of warden of the Fleet, or to the prison of the Fleet, or herein before contained (by virtue of two decrees in Chancery, the one of them made the two and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred . eighty three, and the other of them the fix and twentieth day of January, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, whereby four hundred twenty five pounds, and the intereft thereof, was and is decreed to be paid to the faid Anthony Smith out of the faid office, houfes, (hops and appurtenances, after a mortgage made

Voi^X.	H	thereof.

Digitized by LjOoq le

§8	' Anno oftavo & nono Gttlielmi III. c. 28. [1697.

thereof by Thomas Bromhall unto Henry Norwood efquire was fa-tisfted) as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as he or they had before the making of this aft, and as if this aft had never been had or made.

Right of Tho-	XXL Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft con-

mas Norwood tained (hall be deemed, conftrued or adjudged to take away, 1udicedbe PrC" *e^en> charge or prejudice the right, title or intereft of Thomas,

^	9	Norwood, furviving executor of Henry Norwood, as for, touch-

ing or concerning a debt of two thoufand one hundred fifty and three pounds, and intereft, fecured to the faid Henry Norwood, by virtue of a mortgage of the office of warden of the Fleet pri-fon, bearing date the twenty third day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and fix, or fo much thereof as is juftly due thereupon; nor to take away, nor of John leffen or prejudice the right, title or intereft of John Clements of Clements. the Middle Temple, London, gentleman, as for, touching or concerning a debt of two thoufand two hundred ninety nine pounds, and intereft, fecured to the faid John Clements, in truft for him-felf and others, by virtue of a mortgage of the faid‘Office1 of warden, bearing date the third day of May, one thoufand fix' hundred feventy and eight, or fo much thereof as is juftly due thereupon. Deputations' XxII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, granted by That all and every deputation or deputations, grant or grants, william Len- at any t;me heretofore made or executed by William Lenthall void, and fuc- efquire> of the faid office of marfhal of the Marfhalfea of the ceedmg mar- faid court of King's Bench, is and are hereby declared void and fhalstobecon- of none effeft; and that all and every fucceeding marfhal fhall ^dby him from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be conftituted and firntof Ed.n* appointed by the (aid William Lenthdll> his heirs and afligns, by mund Boulter, and with the confent in writing under the hand and feal of Edmund Boulter efquire, his executors, adminiftrators and afligns, until the debt owing by the faid William Lenthall to the faid Edmund Boultery executor of Sir John Cutler baronet deceafed, be (atisfied.

CAP. XXVIII.

An a£l for the better obfervation of the courfe anciently ufed in the receipt of Exchequer.

FOR the better obfervation of the courfe anciently ufed in the re-ceipt of the Exchequer, and the good, Jure, and regular methods ejlablijhed, enabled, or appointed to be obferved and kept by the refpec-tive officers and minijlers of the faid receipt, in all matters concerning receipts, payments, or other bufnefs to be there tranfatted or performed, whereupon the preferving and improving of the publick credit do chiefly depend; be it enafted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par-Tellersofthe liament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That from on receTYof an<* a^ter ^ twentieth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred moneyon loan, ninety feven, from time to time, as any fum or fums of money &c. to throw whatsoever (hall be brought to the receipt gf the Exchequer to be

6	there

Digitized by

Google

i697-J Anno oAavo & nono Gulielmi III. C. 28.	99

there paid, either by way of loan or advance, or for or upon down a bill in* account of any tax, aid, impofition, revenue, or any other caufe or occafion whatfoever, the refoeftive teller or tellers of the faid ta^ey t°rb* receipt, into whofe office or offices the fame fhall be brought or ftruck for the tendred, as foon as the faid fum or fums of money (hall be fofame, and be brought or tendred, if the officers and minified belonging to £^ged^with the talley court in the faid receipt be then attending, or elfe as Reived, foon as the fame officers and minifters (hall be attending for the levying a talley or tallies for the fame, (hall without delay receive the faid money fo brought or tendred, and weighing the fame in entire fums or otherwife, and making due entry of the weight and tale thereof (according to the ancient courfe) (hall throw down or caufe to Be thrown down a bill or bills written upon parchment, and figned by fuch teller or tellers, into the faid talley court, whereby a talley or tallies (according to the nature or the payment) may be duly levied for the difcharge or fafety of the King’s fubjefts or others who (hall make fuch payments, and whereby the faid teller or tellers may plainly and fairly be charged with the fum or fums fo by him or them received, as money in his or their cuftody being and remaining penalty on within the faid receipt of Exchequer •> and that any fuch teller teller, &c. not or tellers, into whofe office or offices any fum or fums of money duly charging fhall be brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King as a-fbrefaid, or any clerk, fubftitute, or person employed or to be	the

employed by any fuch teller or tellers in the bufinefs of his or King, their office or offices, lhall not for fuch money fo brought or tendred give any note importing a depofitum, or any other private note, obligation, or fecurity whatfoever, to prevent or hinder the due charging thereof in the Exchequer as aforefaid, upon pain that any teller who (hall offend againft this aft, by neglecting, delaying or refufing to receive, and duly to charge himfelf with fuch money as (hall be brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King as aforefaid, or by giving any private note, obligation or fecurity for any fuch money, whereby to prevent or hinder the due charging thereof in the Exchequer, as this aft requires, (hall for fuch offence forfeit his office, and be difabled to fcrve his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in the fame or any other office or place of truft whatfoever, and moreover for every fuch offence (hall forfeit and lofe double damages to the King, or the party who (hall fuffer by fuch negleft, delay, refufal, prevention or hindrance, befides full cofts of fuit, to be recovered Penalty on teU as is herein after mentioned; and that all and every the clerks,	a-°

fubftitutes, or persons employed or to be employed by any fuch gainft thisaft^ teller in the bufinefs of his or their office or offices, who (hall offend againft this aft, by giving any private note, obligation or fecurity, for any fuch money fo brought or tendred to be lent or paid to the King, whereby or by means whereof the due charging the fame, or any part thereof, in the Exchequer (hall be prevented or hindred, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe double the fum for which fuch private note, obligation or fecurity lhall be given (to wit) one moiety thereof to the King,

H 2	and

..

r w V

Digitized by

Google

ioo	Anno	o&avo	&	nono	GulielwH	III.	c. 28. [1697;

and the other moiety to fuch person andperfons as will inform and fue for the fame, and (hall alfo for any fuch offence be removed and expelled from the faid receipt.

No teller to	II. And be it enafted and declared by the authority afore-

charge himfelf faid. That from and after the faid twentieth day trf April, one with receipt of thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, no teller in the faid receipt wheh officers ^xc^ei^er charge himfelf by his bill with the receipt of of the talley anY monies in the Exchequer, but at fuch times as the officers of court are pre- the talley court, their deputies, or fubftitutes, (hall be there pre-fent, nor fent, to levy a talley or tallies for the fame; nor (hall any teller, biUfor^jrtall* or ot^er Perf°n employed by him, throw down, or caufe to to be°ftruck y he thrown down into the faid court, any bill or bills, owning or until the mo- purporting the receipt of any fum or fums of money from ney be aftual- any lender of money, receiver, or any other person or persons J™# whatfoever, upon which bill or bills a talley or tallies are to c?as.Xf. 14! 3 t>e levied* according to the courfe of the faid receipt, unlefs fuch teller refpe&ively, or his clerks, or persons employed by him, (hall have a<$tually received, and have then in his office the very money which (hall be fpecified in fuch bill or bills re-Exception. fpe&ively, except in fuch cafes where tallies are or (hall be levied by the fpecial warrants or directions of the commiffioners of the treafury, or fo mapy of them as (hall be appointed to be a quorum for the time being, or of the treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, or where the person for whom any talley or tallies (hall be levied, or to whom fuch money (hall be directed to be iffued, (hall at the fame time, or on the fame day of throwing down the faid bill or bills, give a difeharge according to the courfe of the Exchequer, upon fome order or debenture for the money for which fuch bill lhall be fo thrown down, pur-fuant to the like warrant or directions to be had and received Penalty on tel- for that purpofe, upon pain that any teller who (hall offend a-,Cff0d^CpUty	-this	aCt,	by	charging	himfelf	by	his bill at fuch times as

o en ing. tjie 0fficers Qf the talley court, their deputies or fubftitutes, (hall not be there prefent as aforefaid, or by throwing down his bill or bills, without first receiving and having the money therein fpecified in his office as aforefaid (except in fuch cafes as are before excepted) (hall for fuch offence incur the like forfeiture of office and difability as are before mentioned, and for every fuch offence- (hall forfeit and lofe double the fum fo unduly charged by him (to wit) one moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons as will inform and fue for the Penalty on tel- fame ; and if fuch offence (hall be committed by any clerk or kr’s clerk, &c. fubftitute of fuch teller, then fuch clerk or fubftitute, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit double the fum fo unduly charged, in like manner, and (hall be removed and expelled from the (aid receipt.

III.	And to the end that none of his Majesty’s treafure, which fhall be charged in the receipt of the Exchequer, and ought to be there remaining, may be made ufe of or difpo.fed without fuffi-cient and lawful authority in that behalf, it is hereby alfo ena6U cd and declared by the authority aforefaid, That^ao teller in the

*	faid

Digitized by

Google

1697O Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 28.	101 '

Aid receipt of Exchequer, or any clerk or fubftitute of fuch teller,

after the bill or bills of fuch teller (hall be thrown down into

the faid talley-court, to charge him with any fum or fums of No teller, &c.

money which ought to be in his office, (hall difpofe, lend, pay, to difpofe of

ifiiie, make ufe of, or by any way or device whatfoever (hall any n*°I}cyf

truft or depart with fuch money, or any part thereof, out of his ^ °without

office, without an order or debenture for the fame to be first an order from

made forth and directed by the auditor of the faid receipt for the the auditor of

time being, and recorded by the clerk of the pells for the time thereceipt,&c,

being, and taking a receipt to difcharge the King, according to

the ancient courle and practice of the faid receipt, under the

like forfeitures, difability, and penalties to be incurred by fuch

tellers, their clerks, and fubftitutes refpe&ively, for fo doing, as

are by this aCt provided and to be inflicted for unduly charging

any money before it is actually received and in the office, as a-

forefaid.

IV.	And that the King’s fervice, or the bufinefs of particular	%

perfons, to be tranfaCted at the faid receipt from time to time, may not be delayed or prejudiced, be it further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Officers of the twentieth day of Aprils one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, talley-court the chamberlains or deputy chamberlains, and fuch other officers, J® ^days*1" minifters, clerks, and deputies, as do belong to the talley court, £nd holidays and are neceffary for the levying of tallies, (hall daily, except upon excepted} and Sunday sy and fuch other holidays as have been commonly obferv- in cafe of faked at the receipt of Exchequer, conftantly attend there in their fe- ^hefiippUed! veral places, at leaft from eight of the clock in the forenoon, till Q one of the clock in the afternoon in every year ffprn Lady-day to Michaelmas, and from nine of the clock in the forenoon till. one of the clock in the afternoon in every year from Michaelmas to Lady-day, without abfenting themfelves from the fame, un-Jefs they respectively be fick, or have leave of abfence, to be obtained from the commiffioners of the treafury, or the treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being; in which Penalty on $f-cafes of ficknefs, or leave of abfence, the room or place of fuch a ,ntu?S person fick, or having leave to be abfent, (hall be fufficiently wlthout *eayc# Supplied in the mean time as hath been accuftomed ; upon pain that any fuch officer, minifter, clerk* or deputy, absenting him-felf contrary to this aCt, whereby the bufinefs of the King, or of any others in the faid receipt, (hall be delayed or obftruCted, ffiall be liable to anfwer and make good, as well to the King as to the party that (hall fuffer any lofs or damage by fuch delay or obftruCtion, double damages, befides full cods of fuit j and that Penalty on of -the auditor of the faid receipt, and writer qf the tallies and coun- fi£ers of Ex-ter tallies, the clerk of the pells, the four tellers, and other the gjvSgdu^at-officers and minifters of the faid receipt for the time being, (hall tendance, feverally by themfelves, at all tunes when their own perfonal attendance is neceflary and required by the ancient practice and yfage there, and by theirifelves, or their refpeCtive deputies, clerks, or fubftitutes, at fuch times, and for fuch matters, wherein they pr any of them may a& by a deputy, clerk* or fubftitute,

H 3	give

Digitized by

Google

102	Anno	odavo	&	nonoGulielmi III. c.28.

give fuch due and conftant attendance in their refpedive places as that his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any other person or persons, who are to receive money, or have other lawnal oc-cafions there, may not be delayed or prejudiced, for want of the due attendance of fuch officers, minifters, deputies, clerks, or fubftitutes refpedively, under the like penalty of anfwering double damages, befides full cofts of fuit, as aforefaid. flat. 5. V. And in regard the buftnefs of the faid receipt is very much in-creafed of late years, and that a conftderable truji is repofed in the chief clerks there; it is hereby further enaded by the authority a-Auditors first forefaid, That the first clerk in the offices of the auditor of the clerk, clerk of receipt, the clerk of the pells, and of the four tellers aforefaid,

tellers^offices an<* every t^iem (w^0 are an<^ ^a^ be appointed by thofe offi-to t^ke°aiiCrSrcers refpedively, with the approbation of the commiffioners of oath.	the	treafury,	or	the	treafurer	of	the	Exchequer	for	the time be-

ing) fhall be fworn, and take their corporal oaths, for the due, juft, and faithful performance of all matters and things to be done and performed by fuch clerks in the faid offices refpedtive-ly ; and the oaths to that effed (hall and may be adminiftred by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any of them, or by the treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or by the barons of the court of Exchequer,, or any of them, for the timte being.	,

Money not to VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority be paid out of aforefaid, That none of the monies which are, or hereafter (hall theExche- be or remain, in the receipt of the Exchequer, (hall be thence t^e KinVau- or Pa^> or be deemed to be lawfully iflued or paid, but tbority.S S " by or in purfuance of fome fufficient grant or authority from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or from fome of his royal pre-deceflors, under the great feal of England, or by virtue of fome * fufficient authority under the privy feal of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or purfuant to fome ad or ads of parliament in that behalf, and not otherwife,

'A table to be VII. And f°r better fatisfadion of fuch persons as have fet up at the lent, or (hall hereafter lend, any monies upon the credit of any ‘ door of the au-tax, aid, impofition, or revenue already granted, .or hereafter ditor’s office, to be granted, to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, it is here-repay^nent of by further enaded, That there (hall be a table or tables made the loans. and f€t UP continually at the door of the auditor of the faid re-' ceipt by him or his clerks, (hewing how far the officers there have pioceeded in the repayment of loans made upon the credit of fuch taxes, aids, impofitions, or revenues, and how far the monies which (hall be paid into the Exchequer by the refpedive receivers thereof do extend from time to time to difeharge principal and intereft upon the faid taxes, aids, impofitions, or revenues refpedively, whereby all persons concerned at all fuch times when the office ought to be open, may without trouble or difficulty fee what progrefs is daily made in the repayment of loans upon the feveral regifters kept purfuant to any ad of parliament in that behalf.

VIII,	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by

Googl

1697J Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 2 S.	105

That the faid auditor of the receipt for the time being (hall from Auditor to in-time to time (for his juft and lawful fees) duly enter or inroll letters patents, and letters of privy feal, for ifluing of the King’s dra^ orders treafure, and (hall draw the orders, or make the debentures for for ifluing the the ifluing thereof, as he (hall be from time to time required by King’s money, the commiffioners of the treafury, or the treafurer of the Exche-	^

quer, for the time being, and (hall keep entries thereof in books me8 1 to be provided and fairly written for that purpofe, and (hall weekly take the tellers accounts, and make certificate to the faid commifiioners of the treafury, or the treafurer for the time . being, of all receipts, iffues, and remains of the King’s money there, and (hall make out the impreft certificates from time to time, of all monies there iffued upon account, or by way of Alfo to certfly impreft, and (hall tranfmit the ordinary impreft rolls half year-the tcUers **• ly to the King’s remembrancer, in order to the charging or pro- makeout^nv? (ecuting of accomptants, and (hall half yearly (to wit) at Eajier preft certifi-and Michaelmas, make out and tranfmit to the faid commiflion- cates, and ers of the treafury, or the treafurer for the time being, the de-	***

daration of the receipts, iffues, and remains, at the Exchequerr 6’ c* for every half year fucceffively; all which matters and things, and all other matters and things belonging to the office or duty of the faid auditor of the receipt, (hall be faithfully and carefully done and performed by the auditor of the receipt for the time being, in fuch manner as hath been anciently accuftomed ; and Duty of the that the faid clerk of the pells for the time being, (hall alfo from cIej^ th® time to time (for his juft and lawful fees) duly inroll or record pe ,&c* all letters patents, and letters of privy feal, for ifluing of the King’s treafure, and truly and fairly enter and record all receipts and iffues at the faid Exchequer, and (hall alfo take the tellers weekly accounts, and make certificates to the faid commiffion-ers of the treafury, or treafurer for the time being, weekly, of ' the receipts, iffues, and remains, of the King’s money there, and (hall carefully examine all the impreft certificates and impreft rolls, and make out and tranfmit to the faid commiffioners of ‘ the treafury, or the treafurer for the time being, declarations of the receipts, iffues, and remains, within every half year ; and (hall therein, and in all other matters and things appertaining to the office of the clerk of the pells, faithfully and carefully ob-ferve, and caufe to be obferved, the ancient courfe and method Officers of the of the (aid receipt $ and that they the faid auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, and all other officers and minifters of the themfelves ac-faid receipt, and their deputies, clerks, and fubftitutes refpec-cording to tively, (hall, in the matters aforefaid, and in all other matters their duties, and things concerning their offices, demean themfelves according to their refpedtive duties, and be anfwerable for the fame, as well to our fovereign lord the King, as to any person or per-fons who may fuffer or be injured by any negleft or failure^ therein.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Penalties, how all penalties and forfeitures for any offence againft this a6f, (hall t° be recovcr-and oiay be recovered by action of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit,ed#

H 4	or

Digitized by v^ooQle

This aft not to lcflen the power of the treafury oyer tKe officers of the receipt.

jaor to alter receipts or payments by Exchequer bills.

Money to be kept in chefts under three locks.

Keys, by whom to be kept,

104	Anno	o&avo	&	nono	Gumelmi	III.	C.a8. [1697;

or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one impart lance, (hall be granted or allowed.

X.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein con* fained, (hall not extend to leflen or diminish the lawful power, order, rule, or government, which the faid commiffioners of the treafury, and the treafurer for the time being, have and ought to have over the officers and minifters of the faid receipt, or any other lawful power which the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or treafurer for the time being, have and ought to have in the execution of their places or trufts refpeftively j any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to alter or change any method of receipts or payments by bills of credit in the Exchequer, allowed or to be allowed by parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Ahd be it further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all the money in the faid receipt (hall be kept m chefts under three different locks, with keys to each cheft, and that the tellers, or their clerks refpeftively, (hall keep but one of the faid keys to each of the (aid chefts, and that another key of each cheft (hall be kept by the clerk of the pells for the

t^b ^e^dUr?8 t*me an<* t^at t^le other key of each cheft (hall be kept by the few? day the elded of the two deputy chamberlains, who are employed in they are Tent the ftriking of tallies for the time being 5 and that no orders or up to the clerk debentures (hall be paid the fame day in which they are fent up of the pells, froal auditor’s office to the clerk of the pells (except orders for the navy? *0T navy> ordnance, forces, or for monies regiftred upon &c.	fome of the £ublick regifters) to the end the clerk of the pells.

Tellers to or his fenior clerk in his abfence, the tellers, or their clerks, have money and the deputy chamberlains, may know at the opening of the evervmorn!”* or c^e^s *n t*ie morning what money to take put for the fervice of that day; and that the faid clerk of the pells and deputy chamberlains every morning (Sundays and holidays excepted) at their fxrft coming to the Exchequer, (hall go up to the tellers, or {heir clerks, and having first taken notice of what debentures or orders are direfted tor payment, and lie ready to he fatisfied, (hall forthwith caufe the refpeftive cheft or chefts tq he opened in their prefence, and fo much money tQ be taken out, and left with the tellers, or their clerks, as will fatisfy the faid debentures or orders fo direfted, and ready to be fatisfied, and the reft to be fafe locked up again y and tnat every day before their departure they (hall return to the fame offices, and fee all the money which was received that day (except what (hall have J^oncy to be been paid away by debentures or orders recorded with the clerk of the pells) to be first weighed ip the bags, that fo it may be feen or gueffed very near, whether the teller or his clerk puts in and takes out his money truly, and a ticket expreffing the content to be put into each bag, and fo to be fecured in the faid

thefts, under the threqloc^s aforefaid; aud fo fafe xponey lack-

' "

every morning tor fatis-fying the debentures for

Weighed, and then fecured u} the chefts.

Digitized by Google

1697O Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. C.29,30?	105

td up in the faid chefts be dire&ed to be iffued for the navy, ordnance, forces, or upon any of the faid publick regifters, fo that the payments muft not be deferred till the chefts are opened the next morning, then the faid clerk of the pells apd deputy chamberlains, upon fuch occafion, (hall go up forthwith to the to“dc”irrcdt telter’s offices, and fee the chefts opened for that money,' and j the publick fervice difpatched without delay, and the chefts to be feeured again in manner as aforefaid; and when the faid clerk of the pells, by reafon of ficknefs, cannot attend, or (hall have Clerk of the leave of abfence, it is hereby appointed. That his eldeft ejerk pells, &c. not (hall keep his kevs of the faid chefts, and when the faid deputy cleric chamberlain (haft happen to be lick, or have any leave to be ab- to fent, then his keys of the faid chefts (hall be kept by hi9 fellow the keys. * the other deputy chamberlain 5 and that no money (nail be tak- No money to en out of the faid chefts, but in the prefence and view of the ^e,lake“?ut» iaid refpe&ive teller (or his clerk) and of the clerk of the pells, ©f the tcUer* or (in cafe of ficknefs, or abfence with leave, as aforefaid) of his	*

eldeft clerk, and likewife of the eldeft deputy chamberlain, or (in cafe of his ficknefs, or abfence with leave, as aforefaid) of the other deputy chamberlain, in the manner and form before mentioned.

XIlI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the auditor of the receipt, by himfelf, or his chief clerk, from and after die twentieth day of Apply one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, do at lead once in every eight and twenty days Auditor onc* call the proper officers of the (aid receipt together, and vifit eve- ^fit e^^tdU ry teller’s ca(h, and by numbering the bags, opening them, or j^g cathfand fome of them promifcijoufly, and if he thinks it neceflary (by once in 3	•	t

weighing or telling the money, or any part thereof, do fee that months exa-the refpedtive tellers have, in real money, the remains where- minehthftir with he charges them, and that he do, as frequently as he thinks jGeo.i!c.i9, fit, but at lead once in*every three months, carefully examine the teller’s vouchers for the payments which he allows them if| his weekly certificates.

GAP. XXIX.

An act for the repair of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the JEaft Riding pf the county, of York.

A ftrthing per chaldron on poals loaden at Nevtcaftle, $c. to be paid till 1 May, 1704. for rebuilding Burlington pier. The monies raifed by this aft to be laid out for repairing the pier. Juftices of the Eaft Riding of Yorkfhire once a year may infpedt the book, and make orders for the better management of the duties, CommilRoners may convey the duties as fecunty for mpjiey borrowed. Comtniflioners to fpryey and inr fpe& the repairs of the faid pier, and certify the fame to the juftices, who are to fefs the lands mentioned in the grant of King James I. to the earl of Holdemefs, and on nonpayment to aiftrain. Continued by 5 Ged.j.

10. /. a. for x$y$a(h from Juqe, 1730.

CAP. XXX. jin 08	for Supplying feme defefts in the lams fox tbt relief of

the poor of this kingdom.

FORASMUCH as many poor ptrfons chargeable to the , r^al ttutfim, toumjhip or piece, where they live, meerly for want of ought to be would in any Other place where Sufficient employment is to be	mam- pleaded as

' join	them/elves apdfamilies, without being burtbenfome to any	, V?Jftar

'	'	Mm-->b*• "*•'

iu6

the feffion began. *v. Id, Fortefc. Rep,

371,

Peri

Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 30. [1697*

tvwnjhip or place, but not being able to give fuch fecurity a* will or may be expected and required upon their coming to fettle themfelves in any other placer and the certificates that have been ufually givey in fuch Jerfons com- cafes having been oftentimes conjlrued into a notice in hand writing» ing to inhabit they are for the moft part confined to live in their own parijhesy town-*ra?J<Tand or &aces> and not permitted to inhabit elfewherey though their bringing with hbour is wanted in many other p!acesy where the incredfe of manufac-them a certifi- tuns would employ more hands: be it therefore enabled by the King’s cate under the moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of churcbwar- the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre~ &c!owning ^ent parliament aflembled, That if any person or persons whatfo-them to be in- ever, that from and after the first day of Mayy which lhall be in habitants of the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, (hall ^otherpa- come into any parilh or other place there to inhabit and refide* other pa- at the fame time procure, bring and deliver to the church-nth to provide wardens oroverfeers of the poor of the parilh or place where any for them fuch person lhall come to inhabit, or to any or either of them* Wicnerefrtfey acertlhcate under the hands and feals of the churchwardens and the parifti°to over^cers of the poor of any other parilh, townlhip or place, or which fuch the major part of them, or under the hands and feals of the over-* certificate was feers of the poor of any other place where there are no churchwardens, to be attelled refpeeftively by two or more credible wifr* ftefles, thereby owning and acknowledging the person or persons mentioned in the laid certificate to be an inhabitant or inhabitants legally fettled in that parilh, townlhip or place, every fuch „ . certificate, having been allowed of and fubferibed by two or more b^ea^to the juftices of the peace, of the county, city, liberty, borough execution of or tQwn corporate, wherein the parilh or place, from whence any certificates, fuch certificate lhall come, doth lie, lhall oblige the faid parilh &G*	or place to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the

faid certificate, together with his or her family, as inhabitants And fhall not t^iat Par^> whenever he, Ihe, or they lhall happen to become be removed chargeable to, or be forced to alk relief of the parilh, townlhip or place, to which fuch certificate was given ; and then, and not before, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch person, and his or her children, though born in that parilh, not having other-wife acquired a legal fettlement there, to be removed, conyeyed and fettled, in the parilh or place from whence fuch certificate was brought.

II. And to the end that the money raifed only for the relief of fuch as are as well impotent as poor, may not be mifapplied and confumed by the idle, Iturdy and diforderly beggars ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch person as from and after the first day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, lhall be upon the collection, and receive the re^e^ any parilh or place, and the wife and children of any right fleeve.	Per^on cohabiting in the fame houfe (fuch child only except-

ed, as Hk'JI be by the church-wardens and overfeers of the poor permitted to live at home, in order to have the care of and attend an impotent and helplefs parent) lhall upon the Ihoulder of the right fleeve of the uppermoft garment of every fuch perfon,

in

given.

Explained by 9	10 IV, 3.

c, ii. and it, Ann*>flat, i.

before.

Perfons receiving alms to wear a

Digitized by Google

1697*] Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 30:	107

in an open and vifible manner, wear fuch badge or mark as is herein after mentioned and expreffed, that is to fay, a large Roman P. together with the first letter of the name of the pariih or place whereof fuch poor person is an inhabitant, cut either in red or blue cloth, as by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor it (hall be directed and appointed: and if any fuch poor Penalty on re“ person (hall at any time neglecft or refufe to wear fuch badge Or mark, as aforefaid, and in manner as aforefaid, it (hall and may s 4 he lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, or town corporate, where any fuch offence (hall be committed, upon complaint to him for that purpofe to be made, to puni(h every fuch offender for every fuch offence, either by ordering of his or her relief or ufual allowance on the collection to be abridged, fufpended or withdrawn, or otherwife by committing of any fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to be whipt ana kept to hard labour, for any number of days not exceeding one and twenty, as to the faid juftice in his difcretion it (hall feem moft meet; and if any fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the Penalty on -poor, from and after the faid first day of September, (hall relieve churchward-any fuch poor person, not having and wearing fuch badge or f.n» .&c* re“ mark, as aforefaid, being thereof convicted, dpon the oath of r^rfons^ot^ one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice of wearing fuch the peice of the county, city, liberty, or town corporate, badge, where any fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of any fuch juftice, one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of the informer, and the other to the poor of the pariih where the offence (hall be committed.

III.	And for the more effectual preventing of vexatious re- juftices, on movals and frivolous appeals ; be it further enaCted by the au- appeal to them thority aforefaid. That the juftices of the peace of any county concerning or tiding, in their general or quarter feffions of the peace, upon *fCakttle™Jn* any appeal before them there to be had, for and concerning the person to fettlement of any poor person, or upon any proof before them award cofts. there to be made, of notice of any fuch appeal to have been given by the proper officer to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of any pariih or place (though they did not afterwards profecute fuch appeal) (hall, at the fame quarter feffions, award and order to the party for whom and in whofe behalf fuch appeal (hall be determined, or to whom fuch notice did appear to have been given, as aforefaid, fuch cofts and charges in the law, as by the faid juftices in their difcretion (hall be thought moft reafonable and juft, to be paid by the churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, or any other person, againft whom fuch appeal (hall be determined, or by the person that did give fuch notice, as aforefaid $ and if the person ordered to pay fuch cofts (hall ordcr happen to live in any county, riding, city, or town corporate, or ^ to pay cofts ellewhere, out of the jurifdidion of the faid court, it (hall and living out of may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, the jurifdic-city, liberty, or town cprporate, wherein fucb person mall inha-

frc, where

Digitized by

Google

toi	Anno	o&avo & nono Gulielmi HI. c.30. [ 1697;

fiich perfonin- bit, and every fuch juftice is hereby required, upon requeft to caufe#the mo b*m ^or l^at PurP°fe t0 be made, and a true copy of the order ncy tobcle1-0 ^or ^ payment of fuch cofts produced, and proved by fome vied $	credible witnefs upon oath, by warrant under his hand ana feal to

caufe the money mentioned in that order to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person that is ordered and ought to if no diftrefs, pay the fame; and if no fuch diftrefs can or may be had, to offender to be commit fuch person to the common gaol of that county or li~ gaol!mttC tG berty, there to remain by the fpace of twenty days.

*	IV.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen touching the fettlement of

unmarried persons not having child or children, lawfully hired into any Single persons parijh or town for one year; be it therefore enabled and declared haveaeo^t0 by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch person fo hired as a-fettlementin forefaid, (hall-foe adjudged or deepned to have a good fettlement any.parifh un-in any fuch pariftt or townfhip, unlefs fuch person (hall continue der 1 year’s abide in the fame fervice during the fpace of one whole year, continuance. y# jnd whereas by an aft made in the three and fortieth year of 43 Eliz. c. z. tkg reign 0f Quart Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor, it is among/} other things enafted, That it /ball be lawful for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parijh, or the greater part of them, by the ajjent of two juf ices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum,/*? bind poor children apprentices, where they /hall fee convenient; but there being doubts whether the persons to whom fuch children are to be bound, are compellable to receive fuch children as apprentices, that law hath failed of its due execution 5 be Poor children it therefore enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, ^entices pur- Th^t where any poor children (hall be appointed to be bound Riant to the " apprentices, purfuant to the faid aft, the person or persons, to aft 43 Efiz. whom they are fo appointed to be bound, (hall receive and pro-c. ». thofe to yide for them, according to the indenture figned and confirmed are^und^to	two juftices of the peace, and alfo execute the other part

provide for 9* the faid indentures 5 and if he or (he (hall refufe fo to do, them accord- path being thereof made by one of the churchwardens, or overling to the in- feers of the poor, before any two of the juftices of the peace for that county, liberty, or riding, he or (he for every fuch of-&c. ,U CCS| fence (hall forfeit the (urn of ten pounds, to be lcvjed by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any fuch offender, by warrant under Penalty op t*le bands and feals of the faid juftices, the fame to be applied offender. * to the ufe of the poor of that parilh or place where fuch offence persons to was committed; faving always to the person, to whom any poor *hom P°°r cbibl (hall be appointed to be bound an apprentice, as aforefaid, Soun?nbelng ^ be or (he (hall think thenrjfelves aggrieved thereby, his or her Aggrieved, S appeal to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace for in ay appeal to that county or riding* whpfe order therein (hall be final, and the juftices. cpnclude all parties.

Appeal a- VI, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, |tr forremo- ^bat from and after the first day of May, one thoufand fix yal of poor hundred ninety feven, the appeal againft any order for the re-perfon to be moval of any poor person from out of any parifti, town(hip, or determined at place, (hall be had, profecuted, and determined, at the general fcffionaai1pr ' M SUWrtW (effiofls of tbe .jpe§<;e f<jr the eoupty, divifion, pr m	riding,

Digiti2 . by LjOOQle

1697*] Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III, e; 31.	109

riding, wherein the pari(h,,towil(hip, or place, from whence fuch poor person (hall be removed* doth lie, and not elfewhere, any former law or llatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	;	.	*

VII.	Provided always. That nothing in this ail contained (hall to make void

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void any promife or church war-engagement already made by the churchwardens or overfeers of dens. See. the poor of any parilh, townftnp, or place, to receive and take	J,0

back any persons, in cafe they (hould become poor, and want ^ relief.	#	of poverty 5

VIII.	Provided, that this a&, nor any thing therein contain- nor to hinder

ed, (hall be conftrued to hinder the juftices of the peace within iufticcs °f ^ the liberty of Saint Albans, frqm hearing and determining any Amansfrom appeals for the fettlement of the poor in their quarter feffions, hearing appeals as they might have done before the making of this a& ; any for fettling thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith- toeir^poor. (landing.	f ^

CAP. XXXI.	prUJi

An act for the eafier obtaining partitions of lands in

cenary, joint tenancy,and tenancy in common.	Peter

dred of Naflktt

WHEREAS the proceedings upon writs of partition between Borough m coparceners by the common law or cuftom, joint tenants, and Northamp-tenants in common, are found by experience to be tedious, chargeable, and oftentimes ineffectual, by reafon of the difficulty of difeovering the persons and ejiates of the tenants of the manors, mejjuages, lands,	4

tenements, and hereditaments, to be divided, and the defective or dilatory executing and returning of the procefs of fummons, attachment, and diftrefs, and other impediments, in making and eftablijhing of partitions, by reafon of which divers persons having undivided parts or purparts are greatly oppreffed and prejudiced, and the premijfes are frequently wafted and deftroyed, or lie uncultivated and unmanured, fo that the profits of the fame are totally or in a great meafure loft: for remedy whereof be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the After procefs first day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, after of Pone or at-procefs of Pone or attachment returned upon a writ of partition, tachment reaffidavit being made by any credible person of due notice given ^t^°arti-of the faid writ of partition to the tenant or tenants to the ac- rion,° P ** tion, and a copy thereof left with the occupier, or tenant or tenants, or if they cannot be found, to the wife, fon or daughter (being of the age of one and twenty years or upwards) of the tenant or tenants, or to the tenant in a&ual pofleffion, by virtue of any eftate of freehold, or for term of years, or uncertain intereft, or at will, of the manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof the partition is demanded, (unlefs'the faid tenant in actual pofleffion be demandant in the atftion) at lead forty days before the day of return of the faid Pone or attachment, if the tenant or tenants to fuch writ, or any of them,

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

no

if the tenant do not enter an appearance within i$ days.

Court may proceed to examine the demandant's title, &c. » and give judgment by default, and award a writ to make parti-on.

If tenant or other (hall in one year after judgment entred, or in cafe of infancy. See. (hew a good matter in bar of fuch partition, &c.

the court may fet afide fuch judgment, &c.

Perfon appeal-

Xo pay

No plea in abatement to be admitted.

Anno oftavo & nono GulielMI III. 0.31.	[1697.

or the true tenant to the mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments as aforefaid, (hall not in fuch cafe, within fifteen days after return of fuch writ of Pone or attachment, caufe an appearance to be entred in fuch court where fuch writ of Pone or attachment (hall be returnable, then in default of fuch appearance, the demandant having entred his declaration, the court may proceed to examine the demandant's title, and quantity of his part and purpart, and accordingly, as they (hall find his right, part and purpart to be, they (hall for fo much give judgment by default, and award a writ to make partition, whereby fuch proportion, part and purpart may be fet out feverally; which writ being executed after eight days notice given to the occupier, or tenant or tenants of the premifles, and returned, and thereupon final judgment enfted, the fame (hall be good, and conclude all persons whatfoever after notice as aforefaid, whatever right or title they have, or may at any time claim to have in any of the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, mentioned in the faid judgment and writ of partition, although all persons concerned are not named in any of the proceedings, nor the title of the tenants truly fet forth.

II.	Provided always, That if fuch tenant or person concerned, or either of them, againft whom, or their right or title,* fuch judgment by default is given, (hall, within the fpace of one year after the first judgment entred, or in cafe of infancy, coverture, Non fana memoriay or abfence out of the kingdom, within one year after his, her, or their return, or the determination of fuch inability, apply themfelves to the court by motion where fuch judgment is entred, and (hew a good and probable matter in bar of fuch partition, or that the demandant hath not title to fo much as he hath recovered, then in fuch cafe the court may fufpend or fet afide fuch judgment, and admit the tenant and tenants to appear and plead, and the caufe (hall proceed according to due courfe of law, as if no fuch judgment had been given : and if the court, upon hearing thereof, (hall adjudge for the first demandant, then the faid first judgment (hall (land confirmed, and be good againft all persons whatfoever, except fuch other persons as (hall be abfent or difabled as aforefaid ; and the person or persons fo appealing, (hall be awarded thereupon to pay colls, or if within fuch time or times aforefaid, the tenants or persons concerned, admitting the demandant's title, parts and purparts, (hall (hew to the court an inequality in the partition, the court may award a new partition to be made, in prefence of all parties concerned (if they will ap-»pear) notwitliftanding the return and filing upon record the former, which faid fecond partition returned and filed, (hall be good and firm for ever againft all persons whatfoever, except as before excepted.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no plea in abatement (hall be admitted or received in any fuit for partition, nor (hall the fame be abated by reafon of the death of any tenant.

IV. And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1697O Anno ottavo & nono Gulielmi III. c. 31.	11 r

IV.	And be it furthel1 enabled by the authority aforefaid, Where high That when the high (heriff, by reafon of diftance, infirmity, or ^crifF cannot any other hindrance, cannot conveniently be prefent at the ex- thePexe^tioii ecution of any judgment in partition, in fuch cafe the under 0f a judgment (heriff, in prefence of two juftices of the peace of the county in partition, where the lands, tenements or hereditaments to be divided do lie, (hall and may proceed to execution of any writ of partition, by inquifition in due form of law, as if the high (heriff were then perfonally prefent; and the high (heriff thereupon (hall, under (heriff and is hereby enabled and required to make the fame return, as two^uftic«°* if he were perfonally prefent at fuch execution: and in cafe fuch may proceed partition be made, returned and filed, he or they that were te- thereupon, nant or tenants of any of the faid meffuages, lands, tenements Tenants be-and hereditaments, or any part or purpart thereof, before they t were divided, (hall be tenant or tenants for fuch part fet out fe- tenants verally to the refpedtive landlords or owners thereof, by and un- under the der the fame conditions, rents, covenants and refervations, where (ame conditi-they are or (hall be fo divided, and the landlords and owners of ons* ^c# the feveral parts and purparts fo divided and allotted as aforefaid (hall warrant and make good unto the refpedtive tenants, the faid feveral parts feverally, after fuch partition, as they are or were bound to do by any copy, leafes or grants of their refpec-tive parts before any partition made 5 and in cafe any demandant And be tenant in adtual poffeffion to the tenant to the adtion for his lords to make part and proportion, or any part thereof, in the meffuages, good to their lands, tenements and hereditaments, to be divided by virtue of teJ\ants their a writ of partition as aforefaid, fc*r any term of life, lives or ^fo^partU years, or uncertain intereft, the faid tenant (hall (land and be tion made, pofleffed of the faid purparts and proportions for the like term, and under the fame conditions and covenants, when it is fet out feverally in purfuance of this or any other adt, ftatute or law to that purpofe.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Sheriff, tin-the refpedtive (heriffs, their under (heriffs and deputies, and in der (heriffs, cafe of (icknefs or disability in the high (heriff, all juftices of &c-to peace, within their refpedtive divifions, (hall give due attendance ance^or^x-to the executing fuch writ of partition, unlefs reafonable caufe ecuting writs be (hewn to the court upon oath, and there allowed of, or other- of partition* wife be liable every of them to pay unto the demandant fuch cods and damages as (hall be awarded by the court, not exceeding five pounds, for which the demandant or plaintiff may bring his adtion in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler> wherein no effoin, protedtion, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and in cafe the pemandant demandant (hall not agree to pay unto the (heriffs or under (he- not paying riffs, juftices and jurors, fuch fees as they (hall refpedtively de- (heriff, &c. mand for their pains and attendance in the execution of the fame, his fees, court and returning thereof, then the court (hall award what each per-	thc

fon (hall receive, having refpedt to the diftance of the place from their refpedtive habitations, and the time they muft neceffarily fpend about the fame, for which they naay feverally bring their adtions as aforefaid.	*	VI.	Pro-

Digitized by Google

This aft to VI. Provided always. That this a& (hall continue for feven continue for 7 years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parlia-years.	merit,	and no longer. Made perpetual 3	4	Anna,	tap.	18.

fe£i. 2.

CAP, XXXII.

EXP.

Continued fir 7 jean by 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 13. See x Jac.x. c. 11. 6 Ann. Cl If.

An act to  reftrain the number and ill praftice of broker* £nd ftock jobber*. From 1 May, 1697, no person to aft as a broker in London or Weftmin-fter, or bills of mortality, without licence of the lord mayor of London, &c. Broker on admittance to take an oath. Lord mayor, &c. to ad-minlfter the oath. Broker in three months after admittance, to take the oaths 1 W. &M. ff.i.c. 8.andfubfcribe theaflociation, 78c8 W. 3. c. 27. and enter into an obligation. Number of brokers not to exceed 100. Admittance fees not to exceed 40s. Brokers names and places of abode to be affixed on the royal exchange, and in Guild-hall, London. Penalty on person afting as a broker, if not admitted according to this aft, and on persons employing them. Penalty on person not being a fworrt broker, who (hall aft in difcounting tallies, Exchequer bills, Sec. Sworn broker to keep a regifter book, and to enter all contrafts. See. within three days after made, See• Broker (hall not take more than 10s. per cent, brolcage. Broker after admittance to carry about him a filver medal of the King’s Arms, Sec. with the broker’s name. Scc. Penalty on broker dealing for himfelf. Sec. or making any gain. Sec. over and a-bove the brokage allowed by this aft. Policies, contrafts, Sec. entred into, on which any premium (hall be given to accept amr (hare. Sec,, in joint (lock, tallies, Sec. to be void; except fuch policies. Scc. as are to be performed in three days. Penalty on iworn broker not making difeo-very of other persons afting as luch. This aft to continue for three years. person buying or felling cattle, corn, Sec. not to be efteemed a broker. Sworn brokers from 1 May* 1697, Sec. not to drive any bar-

fain for tallies. Sec. on any fund granted by parliament, unlefs licenced y tl*e treafury.

CAP. XXXIII.

An all to make perpetual and more effeftual an aHy intituled» An ad to prevent delays at the quarter feflions of the peace.

Aft 5&6W. TT7HEREAS an all made in the fifth and fixth years of the Sc M. c. xi.	Y V reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled,

made.perpe- An a£ to prevent delays of proceedings at the quarter feflions of the peace, which was to continue $nd be in force for three yearsy and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, by experience hath been found ufeful end beneficial5 therefore for continuing the fame, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force and made perpetual.

Party profe- II. And for the making the purpofe and defign of the faid aft cuting any more effeftual, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ^emowTan ?n ^rom an<* a^ter one anc* twentieth day of Aprily which (hall dlftmcnt may be the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety And two Ma- feven, the party or parties profecuting any Certiorari, to re-nucapton to move any indiftment or preferment from the quarter*or general enter into a feflions 0f the peace, may find two fufficient Manucaptorsy who recognizance, ^aj| enter jnt0 a recognizance before any one of his Majesty V

juftices

Digitized by Google

1697.] Anno o<£fcavt) & nono Gulielmi III. c. 34.	113

juftices of the peace of the peace of the county or place where luch indi&ment was found, or preferitment made ; and alfo it Party to ap. fliall be added to the condition of every recognizance taken by fh* Kimf sm virtue of this and the faid a<ff, that the party or parties profecuting Banch court fuch writ of certiorari, fliall appear from day to day in the faid until dif-court of King’s Bench, and not depart until he or they (hall be charged* difcharged by the faid court*

CAP. XXXIV:

An act for the lejfening the duty upon tin and pewter export ± ed, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upSrt drug*.

WHEREAS upon clue conf deration of the great abatement in the price of tin fince the book of rates was fettled, it has been found juft to, reduce the duty payable on the exportation thereof to a more reafonable par with other goods cf the proauft of England ; be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Tpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the tenth day of	c*po*h!<l

May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, there (hall be paid	***

on an entry of tin to be exported, for every hundred weight, \vh>iight tin containing one hundred and twelve pounds of fuch tin uri- called pewter wrought, the fum of three (hillings, and for every hundred as. per 100wt* V/eight of tin wrought, commonly called pewter, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, the fum of two (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity of either, and no more ; any thing in the book of rates to the contrary notwith*-Handing.

II. And whereas by an aft "made in the twelfth year of the late King 1* Car. i. c. 4. Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money, payable Upon merchandizes exported and imported; which aft is to have continuance until the fir ft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven , hundred andfix, it is provided, That all drugs, imported aireftly from Drugsimpart* the place of their growth in Englilh built flipping, be rated one third Upping ^0 part of what is charged in the faid book of rates, and no more: now pay the full for a full recompence to fuch persons who may have any loan value, other* upon the faid duty on tin fo taken off as aforefaid; be it further wife imported ena<ffed by the authority aforefaid. That from the faid tenth day of May, the fubfidy to be received for all drugs, imported di- drugs except-re&ly from the place of their growth in Englijh built (hipping, ed.

(hall be according to the full value on the refpetftive fpecies enumerated in the book of rates, and not according to the fuid a- duties on batement, and for all druggs otherwife imported treble fuch full value; any thing in the faid recited a& to the contrary not- c. *%. Withftanding.	Jb? ±years,

III. Provided always, That nbthing in this a& contained <™dmadefer-fhall extend to the laying a further duty on any fort of drugsa ufed in dying* 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. f 10.	26.

Vol. X.	I	C	AP.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for railing the militia for the year one thoufand fix hund ninety feven, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not paid. EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

An ad for the further encouragement of the manufacture of luftrings and alamodes within this realm, and for the betterpreventing the importation of the fame.

WHEREAS it hath been always found of great advantage to encourage the fetting up and making of new manufactures *within this realm, whereby the exportation of money to procure foreign commodities is prevented, the wealth of toe kingdom increafed, and the 1 troor are employed: and whereas there are great quantities of alamodes and luftrings confumed by his Majejly's fubjeds, which till of fate years were imported from foreign parts, and thereby the treafure of this nation much exhauftedbut are now manufactured in England by the royal lujlring company, to as great perfection as in any other country, whereby many thoufands may be employed: and whereas pro* vifion hath been made by divers laws for the encouragement of the faid manufacture, and for preventing the importation of fuch foreign felks without paying the duties charged thereon, which have been frequently eluded by the fubtil practices of evil difpofed perfons: for remedy thereof, and for the further encouragement of the faid manafa&ure, be it enafted, and it is hereby enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the perfon* im-	fame. That every person or persons, who (hall import any fo-

porting fo-	reign alamodes or luftrings, from parts beyond the feas, into

a,a* any port or place within the kingdom of England, dominion of tringjfwithout Wales, or town °f Berwick upon Tweed, without paying the paymgthecu- rates, cuftoms, impofitions, and duties, that (hall be chie and flora*, or fuch payable for the fame at fuch importation, or (hall import any awre prohibi- alamodes or luftrings prohibited by law to be imported, or (hall ted, 8cc.	by way of infurance or otherwife, undertake or agree to deliver,

or in purfuance of any undertaking, agreement, or infurance, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, any fuch goods or merchandize, and every person or persons who (hall agree to pay any fum or fums of money, Pramium, or reward for infuring or conveying any fuch gooas or merchandize, or (hall knowingly receive or take the fame into his, her, or their houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, cuftody or pofleflion, fuch person or persons fhall and may be profecuted for any the offences or matters afore-may be profe. faid, in any aftion, fuit, or information, and thereupon a Capias cuted, and a jn the procefs, fpecifying the fum of the penalties fued for, upoTbeTf^"	may an(* Perf°n or persons (hall be obliged

fued. See. t0 gjve fufficient bail and fecurity by natural born fubjeCts, persons naturalized, or denizens, to the officer ferving or executing the writ or procefs on or againft him, her, or them, to appear in the court out of which fuch writ or procefs did iflue, 6	at

Digitized by Google

i6$7«] Anfto oftavo & nono GulielMi III, c. 36.	j	15

fat the day of the return of fuch writ or procefs, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution, and (hall at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch persons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and

Eenalties incurred for fuch offence, in cafe he, fhe, or they (hall e convid thereof, or to yield his, her, or their bodies to .prifon.

II. And whereas by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of	5W.&M

King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An a£t for continuing c. 15. feveral ads therein mentioned, and for charging certain joint ltocks, a penalty of five hundred pounds is bid upon persons injuring to import prohibited goods, or goods without paying duties and cufioms> pena]tv ;n and alfo a penalty of five hundred pounds upon any_ p erf on who Jhall he fo infured: for the mpre eafy and certain recovery of the &M. c. 15. fame it is hereby further enaded, That it (hall and may be for lawful for any person or persons to fue for or profecute, and to recover the faid penalty by adion of debt, bill, plaint or infor- fuecj and re-mation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfier, covered by wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall adion of be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.	debt* &c#

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Bjaclc aja-That all black alamodes and luftrings wherefoever manufac- modes and tured, which (hall be found in the cuftody or pofleffion of any luftrings not person or persons, not marked and fealed with the mark and having the feal or marks and feals of the cuftom houfe, or of the royal r™j Juftring company, fhall and are hereby declared and adjudged ftring compa-to be forfeited, and fhall or may be feized as forfeited whether ny’s marks to the fame have been before fuch feizure bought and fold, or he forfeited, not, and the person, in whofe cuftody or pofleffion the fame whoftcuftodv (hall be found, fhall incur all the penalties contained in a found, liable claufe relating to alamodes and luftrings now in force, in a to the penal-certain adt made in the fixth and feventh years of the reign ties m 6 & 7 of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his	l8#

Majejly certain duties upon glafs wares and earthen bottles, coals > and ‘ a culm^ for the carrying on the war again ft France.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Alamodes and That no alamodes and luftrings, that from and after the tenth luftrings feiz-day of April, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, fhall be ^	/°!i	*

feized and forfeited by virtue of any law now in force, fhall be exported tU Confumed or ufed in this kingdom, but (hall be exported again, gafo. <** feiz-and not fold otherwife than on condition to be exported; and urettybe car-for preventing their confumption in England, the fame fhall r,ej*to *he immediately on feizure, be carried to the cuftom houfe ware- and there°ibld houfe in London, and there fuch as are forfeited fhall be fold security to be by inch of candle, on condition to be exported, ai>d not deli- given for ex-vered to the buyer or any other person, but only to be carried portation, &c. on (hip board in order to exportation, and not until fufficient fecurity be given, that the fame and every part thereof fhall be exported, and not landed again in any part of England, dominion of JVales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; which fecurity (hall be difcharged by certificate from the chief magi-ftrate or officer of the place or port where fuch goods fhall be '	12	landed,

Digitized by Google

ti6	Anno	o&avo &c nonoGulielmi III. c.36.	[1697.

landed, or by oath made that the fame were loft at fea, and not otherwife.

V.	And forafmuch as there is no reafon that any of his Majefifs fubjefts should have lujirings and alamodes at a cheaper rate than the inhabitants of this kingdom, or that it should be more profitable to export foreign' lufirings and alamodes beyond the feas> than fuch as are made in this kingdom, which would happen, in cafe the exporter be allowed to draw or receive back, on exportation, all or any part of the duties paid or payable on the faid commodities on importation of the fame\ be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid.

On exporta- That on exportation of foreign luftrings or alamodes, the tion ot foreign exporter (hall not be intitled to receive any drawback, or be e^orter'to0 rePa^ duties, cuftoms, or impofitions paid, payable, or fe-rSSve^o0 cured, on importation of the fame, or any part thereof; any drawback, &e. law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas the filk manufacturers are obliged, from time to time, to deliver to their agents, journeymen, warpers and winders, great quantities of filk to work upy which is often by them embezelledy fold, or pawned, to the great detriment of the filk manufacturers of

Perfons imbe- this kingdom; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all celling, &c. and every person or persons whofoever, that lhall imbezel, veredtobf" Pawn> fell* or detain any of the filk fo delivered, or after the wrought up, ^ame IS wrought up, and alfo all and every receiver and re-and alfo buy- ceivers, buyer and buyers, or fuch as take to pawn any of the ers, receivers faid goods, (hall be fubjed and liable to all the penalties, for-ble*to°the^ e~ ^tures> anc* punifliments contained, mentioned, and provided, nalties in

in one ad of parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth ad 13 & 14 years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Car. 2. c. 15. act for regulating the trade of filk throwings and in another ad Sc zo Car, 2. made in the twentieth year of the faid King Charles the Second, intituled, An adl to regulate the trade of filk throwing.

VII.	And whereas feveral weavers have certain pieces of black alamodes and lujirings by them, which have not been fealea by the officers of the cuftoms, or royal luftring company, and are liable by law to be forfeited., if fold unjealed, as aforefaid, and the faid weavers would alfo thereby incur other penalties: yet in commifera-

'	tion of	their condition, it is hereby further enaded by the au-

^alamodes"	t^lor^y	aforefaid, That all and every fuch pieces of alamodes

ancl luftrings an^ luftrings, as do or fhall appear upon oath made in writing by them not before any juftice of the peace by one or more credible witneffes fealed, upon (who have never been profecuted for importing goods without the°^w°re°ma Pa)'*nS the duties charged on the fame, or for importing goods nufadured^n prohibited by law to be imported) to be manufactured within England, may this realm, on or before the tenth day of Aprily one thoufand have them fix hundred ninety feven, fhall be brought to the royal luftring arthe hiftrin coinPany’s warehoufe, and the evidence of their being manu-company’s,ng figured within this kingdom being there produced, (hall be warehoufe,	marked	and fealed gratis by the faid company, before the firft

day of	Mayy one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, and be

lawful to be fold, as if manufactured by the faid company.

VIII. And

Digitized by Google

1697J Anno oftavo & nono Gulielmi III. c.37.-	j	17;

VIII.	And for preventing the fale of other al^modes and Iuftrings under the colour of thefe fo marked and fealed, as aforefaid; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid weavers (hall give an account weekly to the faid Weavers to company, to whom they have fold fuch goods fo fealed and giye a weekly marked as aforefaid, under the penalty of double the value of ^or^they fuch goods fo fold, for every fuch omiffion, to be recovered in fold fuch / the fame manner as other the penalties inflicted by this ad are goods lb feaU directed and appointed to be recovered, and that the faid com-pany lhall keep a regifter of the faid fales.

CAP. XXXVII.

An a5t for explaining and enforcing the ail for paving and cleanjing the Jlreets within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and borough of Southwark, and weekly bills of mortality, and Jlreets adjoining thereunto ; and for widening the fireet at the fouth end of London Bridge.

W‘HEREAS by an ait made in the fecond year of the reign of* W, & M. £ his Majejiy and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An ad for 2< c* 8‘ paving and cleanfing the ftreets in the cities of London, and Weftminfter 1 and fuburbs and liberties thereof, and out parilhes in the county of Middlefex, and in the borough of Southwark, and other places within the weekly bills of mortality in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned, there are feveral omijftons which hinder the intentions of the faid ail; for remedy whereof be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That bftm^withbi from and after the tenth day of Aprils one thoufand fix hundred the bills of ninety feven, all and every person and persons inhabiting in the mortality, to laid parilhes of Middlefex and Weftminfter, and in the liberties caufe thereof, and in the borough of Southwark, or in any of the b^fwein t0 ftreets and lanes, or alleys, comprized within the weekly bills twice a week, of mortality, and the town of Kenfington, lhall twice in every week (that is to fay) on every Wednefday and Saturday at the leaft, between the hours of fix and nine of the clock in the forenoon, fweap and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept and cleanfed, all the ftreets, lanes, alleys, and publick places, before their refpedive houfes, buildings, and walls, and the buildings and walls of churches and other publick places, to the end the dirt and foil in the faid ftreets may be heaped ready for the fcaven-ger to carry away, upon pain to forfeit ten millings fqr every Penalty on offence, to be recovered as other the penalties and forfeitures offender. . in and by the faid recited ad are ordered and direded.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Forfeitures That if any convidior* upon this or the faid ad lhall be by the how to be ap, view or knowledge of any one qr more juftice or juftices of the p 16 * peace, then one half of the penalty therein mentioned lhall be \q {He rf}i$f of tbe poor, ai>d the other moiety (if for a default

13	ef

Digitized

ed by CjOO^Ic

Juftices to caufe both (ides of the ftreets or lanes, &c. to be paved as well without the bills of mortality as

within.

* W. & M. (T.

ft. C. 8r f. 20.

of pavement) to be employed for and towards the repairing, paving, and cleanfing the faid ftreets and places, to be paid to the fcavenger of the faid place, and by them employed for that ufe, or otherwife to the relief of the poor, as in and by the. faid recited a<5t is ordered and directed.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any place within the bills of mortality aforefaid (hall be by the juftices of the peace ordered to be paved, and the other fide or part of the faid ftreet, lane, or place, be out of the faid bills of mortality, that in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices of peace to caufe the faid other part or lide of the faid ftreet, lane, and place, to be alfo paved by the refpe<ftive inhabitants next adjoining, under the fame penalty, and in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been within the faid bills of mortality; any thing in the faid recited a6t, or any other a<ft whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas by the faid aft made in the fecondyear of the reign of his now Majejly and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An afor paving and cleanfing the ftreets in the cities of London and Wejlminfter, and fuburbs and liberties thereof, and out parifties in the county of Middlefex, and in the borougfi of Southwark, and other places within the weekly bills of mortality in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned, the breedings feedings and keeping any fort of ftvine within the backfides of paved Jlreets of the faid cities, borough or parijhes, where the houfes are contiguous, is prohibited, on pain of forfeiting all fuch fwine, which neverthelefs hath not prevented the fame, but that the inhabitants of the faid cities and borough are fill much annoyed, and the health and lives of many families endangered by the unwholfome favour of fuch fwine, which are fill in great numbers kept within the backfides of feveral paved freets of the faid cities and borough: For remedy whereof be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid a<5t, and the claufe therein a-gainft the breeding, feeding, and keeping of fwine, (hall bet

agamft breed- from amj after tjle faid tenth day of April, one thoufand fix' of^fwin^to1^ hundred ninety feven, effectually put in execution againft all be put iu exe- persons whatfoever who (hall prefume to breed, feed, or keep cutiqn.	any manner of fwine, within any part of the houfes or back-

fides of the paved ftreets or lanes of the faid cities, borough or parifhcs, fo far as the contiguous buildings of them or any of them (hall extend, or within the fpace of fifty yards thereof.

If anv liberty	^nd lt further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

preempt, &?’ where there is any liberty, precinft or vill,* in any parilh or in the weekly parifties within the weekly bills of mortality, that ufes to repair bills of morta- their own highways, and that are or (hall be unable to repair lity be	the fame, and alfo to perform the days works which they are

Claufe in the a<9: aforefaid

to repair own highways, and per

liable to do to the oth^r highways within the parilh or parifties wherein fuch liberty, precinft or vill lieth, then from and af-form thp days ter the faid tenth day of Aprily one thoufand fix hundred ninety /even, it (hail and may be lawfijl to and for the juftices of the

peace'.

Digitized by

, )og!e

1697*3 Anno o£tavo & nono Gulielmi III. C. 37.	119

peace, at their (pecial feflions to be held every four months for the confideration of the highways, to allow or appoint fo many or fuch a proportion of the days works, as are yearly to be performed by the refpedive inhabitants of any fuch liberty, pre-cindtorvill, as the faid juftices in their difcretions (hall think the juftices fit, to be employed by the fame inhabitants of fuch liberty, may allow fo precindt or vill, which dajs works fo to be allowed or appoint-sd, the inhabitants of the fame liberty, precindt or vill, (hall ^ f0/ do and perform accordingly, and then only the relidue of the repairing the days works as fuch inhabitants are liable to do, (hall be em- fame, 9k, ployed in repairing of the other highways within the parilh of parilhes wherein (uch liberty, precindt or vill lieth; any adt, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared, for a- Highway lead-voiding any doubt touching the paving, repairing and amend- ingfrom Tat-ing fo much of the ancient highway now built on both fides tenh*m court thereof, leading from Tattenbam Court near St. Giles's pound to- to* be1_ wards Tiburny That fo much of the faid ancient way (hall be paved by fuch hereafter repaired, paved, and maintained by fuch person and as heretofore persons as have heretofore ufed to repair, pave or maintain the ufed to pave fame, under the penalties aforefaid ; any thing in this adt con-1 c amc* tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

^ VII. And whereas the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, have of late years, with great charge and difficulty, pulled down and new built all the houfes upon London Bridge, and caufed the Jlreejt or common paffage over the fame to be opened and enlarged; which good and publick intention is not yet perfected by reafon of certain tenements on or near the fouth end of the faid bridge, which yet continue a great annoyance and prejudice to trade and commerce, by occaftoning frequent flops, and to the endangering the lives of many paffengers; be it enadted by the authority a-forefaid, That Sir Robert Clayton, Sir William Afhhurjl, Sir Commi/Eon-Richard Onflow baronet, Denzill Onflow efquire, Anthony Bowyer ers names, efquire, Charles Cox efquire, John Arnold efquire, Samuel Lewyn efquire, Thomas Weymondefall efquire, William Gulflon efquire,

Francis Wilkinfon efquire, Thomas Rojfley efquire, John Riches efquire. Sir John Fleet, Sir John Par Jons y Sir James Houblony Sir Richard Levett, Spencer Cooper efquire, Jofeph Scriven efquire, or any eleven of them, (hall have full power and authority, and Commi/Eon-are hereby impowered to treat and agree with the owners and ers empowered occupiers of any fuch houfes as they (hall judge fit to be re- Sewners^of moved, rebuilt, or pulled down, or any part of them, and upon fuch houfes on payment of fuch fum or fums of money fo agreed upon, are Londonbridge hereby authorized to appoint workmen to pull down the faid as they fliall houfes, or caufe the faid owners or occupiers to rebuild accord-	to	be

ingly; and this adt (hall be fufficient to indemnify the faid com-	°Wn *

mimoners, and all persons authorized by them, againft the A6t to indem-owner or owners, or occupiers, and the heirs, executors, ad- nify the <*>m-miniflrators or affigns of any of the faid owners or occupiers, as	a'

if the feme bad been fold by deed, feoffment, bargain and fale, owners, Scq.

* I 4	or

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

120	Anno o&avo & nono Gulielmi III. C. 37.	[1697.*

or other aflurance in the law, and done by fine and recovery, ?n cafe of wil- Qr any other way whatfoever $ and if there (hall be any persons, treat *Ui^10 bodies corporate or collegiate, that (hall wilfully refufe to treat throughdift- and agree as aforefaid, or through difability by nonage, cover-bility by non- ture or fpeci^l intail, or other impediment, cannot, that in fuch &ge, &c. cafes the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized, by virtue of LbndoS °or	a<^>	to ^ue out a warrant or warrants to the (heriffs of

^y^ey^oTe- London or Surrey for the time being, as the cafe (hall require tiihi i jury to (who are hereby required accordingly) to impanel and return p0efs damage a jury before the commiflioners, or any eleven of them, which and recom- jury, upon their oaths, to be adminiftred by the faid commif-goners, are to inquire and aflefs fuch damage and recompence as they (hall judge fit to be awarded to the owners and occupiers or either of them of any fuch houfes, or any part thereof, as well in refpeeft to his or their lofs in trade, as his or their re^ fpe&ive intereft and eftates in the faid houfes, as by the faid commiflioners (hall be adjudged fit to be pulled down for the Verdi# of the purpofes aforefaid ; aqd fuch verdift of the jury, and judgpnent fury to be of the faid commiflioners thereupon, and the legal payment or And aSfullau tenc^er	^m	or fams money fo awarded and adjudged^

thority to the fball be binding to all intents and purpofes againft the faid commiflioners parties, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and affigns, and to caufe the others claiming any title or intereft in the faid houfes, or in the raid houfes to gr0uncl whereon they (land, or thereunto belonging, and (hall pe remove . ^ a fu]] authority for the faid commiflioners, or any eleven of them, to caufe the fame to be executed, and the faid houfes accordingly to be removed and pulled down, or any part of them.

Commiflion- VIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au-cretotake thority aforefaid, That no person (hall be enabled to a<ft as a cxeanhig the cbmmiffioner, to the intents and purpofes aforefaid, until he truft repofed (ball have first taken his corporal oath before the lord chancellor in them by or lord keeper of the great feal of England for the time beings this a#. for the (jlie ^n(j impartial execution of the truft by this a<51 repofed in him. See 2 Geo. 2. cap. n.

Anno Regni GULIELMI III, nono.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the two and twentieth day of November, Anno Dom. 1695. the feventh year of (he reign of our fovereign lord William the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, *q* tie roll u France, and Ireland, King defender of the faith, &c. and «to the fifth from thence continued by	and	adjourn-

JjY*	rnents to the third a day of December, 1697. being the third

■ ; ‘ feffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

121

*1697.] Anno nono Gulielmi III. c. 1,2.

CAP. I.

An aft againft correfponding with the late King James and bis adherents.

WHEREAS upon the conclusion of peace between his Majejly and E XPf the French King, it is become necejfary for the carrying on a trade and commerce between England and France, that the Jubjefts of each kingdom should have the freedom of going and coming out of and into the faid kingdoms refpe ftively: and whereas fuch persons who have been in arms againji his Majejly, or have been engaged in traitorous confpiracies againji his facred person and government, and other difaffefted persons, may take advantage, and be encouraged from thence to form and carry on treafonable defigns and practices againji his Ma-jejty's royal person and government, unlefs fame provifion be made for prevention thereof; be it therefore, &c.

King’s fubjeftg who have fince 11 December, 16SS, gone into France without licence, or bbme arms in the French King’s fervice, or under the late King James, and (hall return into England without licence, guilty of high trealon. Subjects aiding or holding corre(pence with the late Kipg James,

&c. or remitting money for his ule, guilty of high trealon.

IV. And whereas by an aft made at a fejfton of parliament held in the third and fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly and the late §>ueen Mary, intituled, An aft again ft correfponding with 3&4-W.&M* theirMajefties enemies, it was amongjl other things enafted, That*' I3‘ if any of their Majeflies Jubjefts should from and after the tenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety one, without licence from their Majefiies, voluntarily go or repair, or imbark in any vejfel with an intent to go into France, or any dominions of the French King, and should be upon full proof convifted thereof y be should be taken, deemed, and adjudged to be guilty of high treajoriy and should fuffer fuch penalties as in cafe of high treafon : and whereas fome doubt hath arifen whether the faid claufe be Jlill in force: therefore for avoiding all difputes thereupon, be it declared by the authority aforefaidj That the faid claufe was intended Claufe deter* to have countinuance only during the late war with France \ and minc^# that the faid claufe and every part thereof is now determined and pf no force.

Per Ions returning without licence, &c. unlefs they obtain licence to flay, guilty of high treafon. persons accepting pardons or grants of honour, &c*

From the late King James, guilty of high treafon. Pardons, &c. to be delivered up j ^nd in default guilty of high treafon. persons not punifhable for grants fo delivered up. Grant of ellate forfeited by this aft void.

CAP. II.

An a£I to prevent the further currency of any hammered ftlver coin of this kingdom, and for recoining fuch as is now in being,and for the making out new Exchequer , where the farmer bilb are or fhall be filled up by indorfements.

WHEREAS by an ait made in the lajl feffion of this prefent par- s & 9 W.'j, foment, intituled> An aft fpr the farther remedying the }11 c. *,

ftate

Digitized by

Google

%%%	Anno nono Guljelmi III. c.2.	[169,7*

ftate of the coin of the kingdom, it was amongjt other things enafted9 That from and after the firjl day	December, one thoufand fix bun*

dred ninety fix, no hammered filver coin of this kingdom should be current in any payment whatfoever (except only fuch as were therein hew fore mentioned) otherwife than by .weight only, after the rate of five Ihillings and two pence for every ounce ofJlerling filver : and whereas by one other aft made in the fame fejfion of parliament, intituled, An & 9 W, aft for granting an aid to his Majesty, as well by a land tax, as V	by feveral fubfidies, and other duties payable for one year, it

\	was amongjl other things enafted {to the end that fuch hammered fil-

ver coin might be made current in all payments at the faid rate of five Jhillings and two pence by the ounce) That from and after the firjl day ^February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, the tender of all fuch hammered filver money (except in fuch payments where the fame were by the faid firfi relit ed aft dire ft ed to be received at a greater value) in any payment or payments whatfoever, to be made by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, to any other person or perfons9 be* dies politick or corporate, at the rate of five /hillings and two pence for every ounce troy , should be, and be deemed to be a good and fufficient tender in latv: and that the refufaUthereof in any fuch payment or -payments should be9 and be adjudged to be a refufal of fo much of the lawful coins of this kingdom, as fully and ejfeftuaUy9 as if any fuch tender and refufal be had and made of the lawful and current coins of this realm; which faid claufes and provifions, though necejfary at the ' time of the enafting thereof, may neverthelefs hereafter prove very prejudicial, and of evil confequence; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this No hammered prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, Hlver coin That from and after the tenth day of January, in the year of fuf^nor ciu>" our ^Qrd one ^oufand fix hundred ninety feyen, no hammered cent in any filver coin of this kingdom (hall be reputea or efteemed to be the payment, See. lawful coin of this realm, nor be current in any payment whatfoever, at any rate or value whatfoever, either by weight or otherwife, nor (hall the tender of any fuch hammered filver - ’ money, at any time from and after the faid tenth day of January, be, or be deemed to be a good and fufficient tender in law* nor the refufal thereof in any payment whatfoever be or adjudged to be a refufal, of fo much of the lawful coins of this kingdom ; any thing in the faid recited afts, or, either of them contained, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Old hammer-	Provided, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

ed money may That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or per* be recoined, fons to carry into any of his Majesty’s mints in the tower of Lon-* don, or in the cities of Brifiol, Exeter, Chejler, Norwich, and Tork9 before the first day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feyen, any old hammered money, in order to be recoined; and the refpeftive mafter or worker of any fuch mint, or his deputy, is hereby authorized and required to receive the faid old ham* , mered money, and to caufe the fame forthwith to be melted J down, and refined into the lawful coins of this kingdom, and

Digitized by

Google

1697*] Anno nono Gulielmi III. c. 2.’	123

to pay back the fame fb recoined on or before the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to the feveral importers, in fuch manner and method as is now ufed in his Majesty’s mint in the tower of London.

III. And whereas in and by an aft made andpaffed in the fejjion of parliament which was holden at Weftminfter, in the eighth year of* & 9 W. 3. his Majesty* s reign, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his c* 6'

Majefty, as well by a land tax, as by feveral fubfidies and other duties payable for one year, it was amongfi other things enafted,

That the commi([toners of his Majeftf s treafury, or any three of them, might caufe bills to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, for any fum or [urns of money 9 not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds by virtue of that aft, which were to be current in fuch manner and form as in the /aid atl> and in feveral other afts of the faid fejjion of parliament, are mentioned: and in and by another aft made and pajid in the aforefaid feffion, intituled, An act for 8 & 9 W. 3. granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poun- c* *4-aage upon merchandize imported for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war againft France; it was enafted, That the commi'[-Jtoners of his Majesty s treafury, or any three of them, might caufe further bills to be made for that the faid receipt of the Exchequer for any fum or fums not exceeding twelve hundred thoufand pounds, to have like currency as the bills before mentioned, as by the faid feveral afts 1 (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: and whereas feveral of the bills above mentioned, have been paid into the publick receipts for revenues, taxes^ and aids, and ijfued out again feveral times, by which they b<me been fubjeft to Jo many indorfements that they will admit of no further indorfements to be made thereupon, and confequently will not be fo current in payments as before, which incon-veniency will daily increafe, unlefs Jome proper remedy be provided; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in refpeft to fuch of the faid bills as are or (hall from time to time be filled New bills may up with indorfements, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the be made forth eommiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three of them at the Exche-now being, or for the high treafurer, or any three or more of Sled'up the eommiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, with indorfe-to caufe new bills to be made forth at the receipt of the Exche- ments. quer, to be delivered from time to time to fuch person or per- Old tolls to bf fons as (hall demand the fame in lieu of fuch bills as (hall be cancc c ? brought in filled up with indorfements, which old bills (hall be cancelled and kept apart from all other bills whatfoever > and fuch new bills (hall, in all refpefts, have the like currency, and there (hall be inflifted the fame punifhment for forging or counterfeiting the fame, and they (hall be fubjeft to the feme rules, methods, and continuance, as by the faid former afts are provided in refpeft to the bills thereby made forth, or any of them ; and fuch new bills refpeftively lhall bear the fame numbers, dates, principal fums, and rate of intereft per diem, as were borne on the old bills brought in fo to be cancelled refpeftively; and 3s to tfie intereft that (hall have incurred on the faid old bills

Digitized by v^ooQle

J24

EXP.

8 & 9 W. 3.

C. 20.

Governor and company of the bank to make dividends once in fix months, i* & i j W. 3. f.12. f.14.

Anno nono Gulielmi III. c.3.	[l&97*

to the days of their being brought in to be renewed, the intire fum of fuch intereft (hall be fo computed, as to take off and a-bate what did accrue whilft they Jay in the hands of any of his Majesty’s receivers or collectors, or in his Majesty’s Exchequer, and (hall be written upon the faid new bills 5 any thing in the faid former adts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

An act to  give further time for the adminiitring of oaths relating to tallies and orders, and for the eafier difpatch of publick bufinefs in tne Exchequer, and in the bank of England.—Purchafers of orders or tallies, &c. who have neglefted to regifter their aflignments, &c. may do the fame. persons claiming orders of loan, &c. not obliged to take the oath concerning the premium, See. Any number of tallies, See. as follow in courfe, may i>e cancelled; and officer may give as few tallies in lieu there-of as defired. No one new order to contain more than 5,0001. The principal and intereft to be paid in courfe.

IV. And whereas by the aft before recited or mentioned, it was alfo inafted, That the monies, which from time to time should become due and payable by virtue of any tattey or order fubferibed into the capital flock of the governor and company of the bank of England by virtue of the faid afty as joon as conveniently might be, after the fame should be received out of the Exchequer or any publick office by the faid governor and company, their officers, fervants, and agents, and at farthejh once in every four months, should be divided by the faid governor and company among the members of tty whole corporation, rateably and in proportion to their feveral and refpeftive partsy Jbares, and interefls in the laid capital Jiocky for the particular, proper, and only ufe and behoof of the faid members, feparately and in their private ana perfa-tial capacities, as by the fatd afty relation being thereunto hady may appear: and whereas fince the enlarging the capital flock of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, by fubfeription of tallies and orders purfuant to the faid ad7, the making dividends of fuch monies at the end of every four months is found to be very inconvenient, and a great interruption to the bufinefs of transfers, payments, and other oc-cafions of persons dealing with the faid bank; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ or their fucceffors, (hall not be obliged to majee dividends of the monies, which from time to time (hall become due or payable toi and be received by the faid governor and company by virtue of the tallies and orders yyhich have been fo fubferibed into the capital (lock; of the faid governor and company of the banlc of England, pur-, fuant to the faid a<$t of parliament, once in every four months : but the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, are hereby required and enjoined from and after the five and twentieth day of Marche which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to make fuch dividends of the faid monies once in every fix calendary months at the leaft, unto the members of the faid corporation, according to their re-fpeftive (hares and intereft in the faid capital (lock of the faid go-.

thing in the afojreftid a<5t to the con?

CAP,

yernor ana company ;: frjjrj' n9twithftandin|.

Digitized by LiOOQie

125

169 7<] Anno nono	6c decimo Gulielmi III.	c. 5.

CAP. IV.

An a ft for continuing the imprifonment of	Counter,	and	others,	EXP.

for the late horrid confpiracy to aflaflinate the person of his (acred Ma-jefty. Continued by 10 & 11 W. 3. tap. 13.

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III.

CAP. V.

An act for fatisfying and difcharging the arrears of feveral annuities, which incurred between the feventeentb day of May, one tboufand fix hundred ninety fix, and the feventeentb day of May, one tboufand fix hundred ninety feven.

FOR raifing and dif charging the fum of two hundred fifty five tboufand fix hundred fixty three pounds five Jbillings and eight pence, which remains due and unpaid to fatisfy, clear, and pay off the feveral annuities or fums of moneys which between the feventeentb day of May, one tboufand fix hundred ninety fix, and the feventeentb day tf/'May, one tboufand fix hundred ninety feven, incurred and became due, and ought to have been paid as well out of five feventb parts of the late duties of tunnagerof jhips and other vejfels, and out of two Je-venth parts of the fame duties, as alfo out of certain duties charged upon fait; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and corffent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and ?^on8 may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or{iesforltfe^at foreigners, having any eftate for one life, of and in any annu- I+1. per cent* ity purchafed or obtained at the rate of one hundred pounds per ann. for every fourteen pounds per annum, upon the feveral afts of6 & 7 W. 3* parliament mentioned in an aft made and paffed in the parlia- c* ment which was holden at Weftminjler in the fixth and feventh years of his Majesty’s reign (intituled, An act for enabling fetch persons as have efiates for life in annuities payable by feveral former afts therein mentioned, to pur chafe and obtain further And more certain interejls in fuch annuities, and, in default thereof, for admitting other persons to purchafe and obtain the fame, for raifing money for carrying on the war againfi France) or any of them, at any time before the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty’sExchequerfo much money as every or any fuch annuity, being computed for four years, doth or (hall amount unto (that is to fay) every fuch person (hall and may pay.to his Majesty’s ^ ufe for "every one hundred pounds that was paid for the fingle a^ngle life, life in any annuity of fourteen pounds per annum, the fum of fix advance 561. and fifty pounds more, for changing or converting the fame in- more f°r con-to a certain term for the refidue which (hall be then to come fame^nto'a ninety fix years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day term certain,

0 {January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, or for a fur- for the refidue ther intereft for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, of 96 years.

to

Digitized by

ii6	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 5.	[1697*

to take effeft after the faid eftate for life, and in the fame proportion for higher or larger annuities.

Perrons not j|. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ?ai^hconfidera- ^ anY P^0*1 or persons, being intitled to any eftate for one life tion money by ln being, m any fuch prefent annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, *5 Marah, or fuch as they (hall nominate, (hall not, before the faid five and

1698.	twentieth	day	of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight,

advance and pay into the receipt of Exchequer, fuch rate or confideration money as is before mentioned, for changing fuch his, her, or their eftate for life into a term certain, or for a fu-any other maytUre ifltereft, as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe it purchafe the7 (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what-kme.	foever,	natives	or foreigners, having or not having any property

or intereft in fuch eftate for life, at any time or times after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and on or before the tenth day of Aprils one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to contribute, advance, and pay, into the faid receipt of Exchequer, fo much money as any fuch annuity being computed for four years doth and (hall amount to ; that is to fay, for every one hundred pounds that was paid for the Angle life, in an annuity of fourteen pounds a year, there (hall be paid, in all the cafes laft mentioned, the like fum of fix and fifty pounds for an intereft for the then refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to be reckoned as aforefaid, and to be charged with, and fubjeft to the prefent eftate for life of and in the fame annuities refpeftively, and there (hall be paid a rate or confideration in the fame proportion, for annuities exceeding fourteen persons on pounds a year; and that all and every the person and persons fo payment inti- paying the confideration money, as aforefaid, (hall immediately, tied to the faid upon payment of their monies, be intitled by this aft to fuch annuities, &c. annujty annuities fo to be purchafed; and the fame (hall be charged upon fuch refpeftive fund or revenue in the faid former aft mentioned, as if the confideration money fo to be contributed or advanced for the fame had been aftually advanced or con-. tributed within the refpeftive times limited by the faid former aft.

Or on dif- W* Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the au-charging the thority aforefaid. That if any person or persons, who are or (hall Kin* of fo be intitled to any arrears incurred between the feventeenth day much arrears Gf May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, and the feven-ration money*teent^ day	one	thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, up-

amounts to,	fa*d	feverai annuities which were charged upon the faid

Uc.	tunnage	duties,	or upon the faid duties on fait, and are hereby

intended to be provided for, (hall, upon their orders, tallies, or lottery tickets, for fuch arrears, difeharge his Majesty in the Exchequer, of fo much as the confideration money to be paid by him or them refpeftively, for purchafing a further term or intereft as aforefaid, (hall amount unto, that then and in every fuch cafe, all and every the person and persons fo difeharging his Majesty of the value of the confideration money, as aforefaid, (hall immediately, upon fuch difeharge given and entred in the

receipt

Digitized by LjOOQle

i697.3	Anno noncr & deeimo GuufeLMi III. c.£.	vij

receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer (which the proper officers there are hereby required to enter and regifter accordingly* with* out fee or charge) be entitled by this a6t to fuch annuity or annuities fo to be purchafed; and the feme (hall be charged upon fuch refpe&ive fund or revenue in the (aid former a£t mention* ed, as if the faid coitfiderafion money was a&uaily paid in the lawful coins of this realm.

. IV. And it is hereby enaded. That all and every the di«c- Powers in the tions, powers and claufes in the faid former ad contained, for ad 6 8c 7 W>3. or concerning the levying of tallies, the making forth of orders, c» 5* revived, or for making transferrences or affigmnents, or for the apportioning or applying the monies arifing by the faid funds or revenues* or any of them, or for appointing, fettling or eftablifhiftg any other matter or thing, for or in relation to the refpedive annuities thereby purchafed or obtained, (hall be, and are by force and virtue of this ad revived, and (hall be duly obferved, prac-tifed and put in execution, for and in refped of fuch annuities as (hall be purchafed or obtained upon this ad* as fully and ef-fedually as if the fame powers, diredions and claufes were here again exprefled and particularly repeated.

V.	And be it further enadea by the authority aforefaid. That Monies howto. aH the monies which (hall come into the receipt of his Majesty’s be applied. Exchequer, of or for the faid contributions for further or more certain eftates in the faid annuities to be purchafed as aforefaid,

(hall be iffued and applied,’ and the fame are hereby appropriated to and for the payment and fatisfadion of the arrears of the feveral annuities which are charged upon the five feventh parts of the faid tunnage duties, and upon the two feventh parts of the faid tunnage duties, and upon the faid duties upon fait, and Which are or (hall be incurred or become payable out of thole funds refpedively from the faid feventeenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, to the faid feventeenth day of May* one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, fo that a proportionable part of the contributions, fo arifing in money, (hall be applied to make good each of thofe funds, according to the fuirt of the arrears incurred within the time aforefaid, which (hall from time to time be remaining unpaid thereupon, and (hall not be diverted to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoe-*

▼er, upon pain that any officer offending.therein (hall for fuch offence forfeit his office, and double the value of every fum of money fo diverted or mifapplied.

VI.	And whereas by virtue of an aft of parliament made in /^4&5W,&M. fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly and of the late Queen c* 3-of bleffed memory, intituled, An a6t for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the (aid a<51 mentioned, to fuch persons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, and of divers other fubfequent afts of parliament , feveral persons are intitled to have and receive certain yearly annuities> rents, or payment sy out of the faid duties of excife granted

Digitized by t^ooQle

128.	Anno	ridno	& decimo GulielMI III. C. 6. [i6gfi

by the jaid aft fir ft mentioned, payable quarterly, wherein no benefit of [utrvivorjbip is to be had j be it further enaCted by the authorise annuities ty aforefaid, That from and after the first day of March, one payable quar- thoufand fix hundred ninety feven next enfuing, no officer or terly out of officers appointed to pay the faid annuities (hall pay off any quar-excifeSlaibe terty Paymcnt of the laid annuities upon any order or orders paid off, until whatfoever, until all and every person or persons intitled to the precedent fuch annuities and payments (hall or may have had and re-qparter be first ceived, his, her or their annuities and payments for the prece- % te^whereof <*cnt <luarter> f°r which publick notice (hall be given by hang- * public^notice m% fame up m the mod convenient publick place in the faid to be given, office, that the lad precedent quarter is either fully paid, or that the money is ready in the office for the payment of fuch as have not timely brought their refpeCtive orders to be directed. Penalty on of- or have not thought fit to call for their money; and in cafe any ficer attend- officer (hall offend herein by making any payment contrary to the tenor hereof, or in any other manner than as aforefaid, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds to fuch person or persons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majedy’s courts of record at Weftminfter, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and in the faid aCtion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have his full cofts.

CAP. VI.

An aft that all retailers of fait fhall fell by weight.

jf&SW.j,	Wr H E R E A S by an aft made at the parliament, held in the

«• **•	VV feventh and eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,

intituled, An aCt for continuing to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, (tone and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againd France, and for edablifhing a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tunnage of (hips and upon coals, it was enafted amongtl other things, That all persons felling fait (except foreign fait) made for ufe, Jhottld after the time therein limited, fell the fame after the rate of fix and fifty pound weight to the buJheU and not otherwife, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity; and that every person offending therein, fhall forfeit the funt offive pounds to the informer, to be recovered in fuch manner as is therein exprejfed: and whereas feveral doubts and difficulties are made and have arifen upon the interpretation of the faid claufe, and other preceding ckufes in the faid at7, touching the meafure of fa\t, whereby the badgers and retailers of fait have* made great advantages and gain to themfelves, and ufed great deceit and wrong to the buyers, contrary to the true meaning of the faid aft; for the explaining and clearing of the faid doubts and for remedy and prevention of any deceit by retailers of fait for the future, be it declared and enaCted by the King’s mod excellent ma-

jetty.

Digitized by Google

i6<j$K3 Anno nono: & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 6.

129

efty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

Jna temporal, and the cpmraons, in this prefent parliament af-nnbled, and by the authority of the feme, That no badger* re- No badger, tailer, or other person or persons whatfoever, making or dealing in felt, or buying felt to fell again, (hall, from and after the five otherwife^han and twentieth day of March, one thoufend fix hundred ninety by weight, eight, fell or put to fele, exchange or otherwife difpofe of any fait to any person or persons, pr in any county, city or place whatfoever, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales> land the town of Berwick upon Tweedy otherwife than by weighty after the rate of fix and fifty pound weight to the bufhel, and after the rate not by meafure, or in any other manner, and fo in proportion the^biSi^ for a,greater or lefler quantity, and that every person offending 9 e ■ lc * therein, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds Penalty. • to the igformer who fhall profecute for the feme.

If. And be it Further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That Farther pro* the forfeitures and offences made and committed againft this aCt, vididfor by or any thing therein contained, fhall be heard, adjudged, and 1 Ann*yM** *• . determined by any two or more juflices of the peace refidiag 4I'-'*4 * tldar to the place where fuch forfeiture fhall be made, or offenc? jufticcs 0f committed, who are hereby requited to hear, adjudge, and de- peace to hear termine the famej and if the party finds him or herfelf aggriev- and determine ed by the judgment given by the feid juflices, the feid party offences, fhall and may appeal to the juflices of peace at the next general ed quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, city or peal, &g. borough, within which the feid forfeiture was made, and the offence committed; who are hereby alfo impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, whofe judgment therein lhall be final; and all juftices of the peace are hereby autho- _ .	.

rized and required* upon complaint nr information exhibited or brought to them, or. any of them, of any forfeiture made or of-	■	'•

fence committed contrary to this a<5t, to fummon the party ac-cufed ; and, upon his or her appearance or contempt, to proceed belevk^r^n° to the examination of the matter of fadt; and, upon due proof offender’s	*

made thereof by the path of two or more credible witneffes goods.

(which oath any two or more juflices of the peace have hereby power to adminifter) or by the voluntary conreffion of the party, to give judgment pr fentence, according as in and by this fcuft is directed, and to award and iffue out warrants under their ' bands and feals for the levying of fuch forfeitures, as by this a£l is impofed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to w?nt caufe fele to be made of the feid goods and chattels, if the feme f^erto be fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the imprifoned. overplus, if any be j and for want of fufficient diftrefs to im-prifon the party offending until fatisfa&ion be made for the forfeitures.

III. Arid for preventing of delays, which may happen through the negleCt or default of any of the officers appointed for the collecting the feid duty* to the great lofs and damage of fuch perforis as fhall fhip off or carry by land any felt $ be it further •nacted bv the authority aforefeid. That when ever any felt Saltentred Vol.X.	,	K

Digitized by

Google

t$d *Anno nono & decimo Gulielmim. c.7* [1697.

(hall be entred to be put on board any boat, fhip, or veflel, or carried by land, and the duty paid or lecured to be paid, together with all monies then or before that time due and payable, by bond or otherwife, upon account of fak before that time delivered, the officer with whom fuch fak (hall be entred, and th$ duty paid, or fecured to be paid, as aforefaid, (hall, upon duq notice, by himfelf or a fufficient deputy, m the day time, be-Cfficer to at- tween fun riling and fun fetting, attend the weighing out fuch tend the fait, without any lofs or hindrance of time to the person or per* rtS?0* fons that (hall (hip off or carry the fame; and in cafe he mall 140	*	neeleft or refufe fo to do, he (hall for every fuch negleft or

default forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be fued for, re^-Penalty on of- covered, levied, and received, or mitigated, by the fame means, ficer ncgleft-

ways, and methods, as the other penalties and forfeitures in this a<5t mentioned and contained are directed to be i*e«-covered.

CAP. VII.

An act to  prevent the throwing or firing of fquibbs y ferpents, and other fire workr.

WHEREAS much mifehief hath lately happened by throwing, cafling, and firing of fquibbs y ferpents y rocket sy and other fire worksy fome perfom having thereby loft their UveSy others their eyes, others have had their lives in great danger, and feveral other damages have been Juftained by. many perfonsy and much more may thereby happeny if not fpeedily prevented: for remedy whereof fbr the future be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by Prom *5 Mar. and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-

1698.	no per- poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, 2nd &mai« ^ °y the authority of the fame. That from and after the five fell, &c- 9 and twentieth day of Marehy one thoufand fix hundred ninety fqttibbt, rock- eight, it (hall not be lawful for any person or persons of what ets, ferpents, age, fex, degree, or quality foever, to make or caufe to be moaWs&c* mac*e> or t0 or utter, or offer or expofe to file, any fquibbs, for making* rockets, ferpents, or other fire works, or any cafes, moulds, or inch fquibbs. Other implements for the making any fuch fquibbs, ferpents, rockets, or other fire works, or for any person or persons to permit or fuffer any fquibbs, ferpents, rockets, or other fire works, to be caff, thrown, or fired from, out of, or in his, her, or their houfe or houfes, lodgings or habitations, or from, out of, or in any part or place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any puhlick ftreet, highway, road, or paflage, or for any person or persons, of what degree, quality, or age foever, to throw, caff, or fire* or to be aiding or affifting in the throwing, carting, or firing of any fquibbs, ferpents, rockets, or other fire works, in or into any publick ftreet, houfe, (hop, river, highway, road, or paffage, and that every fuch offence (hall be, and is hereby adjudged to be a *	common nufance.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons, of what age, fox, degree, or quality

foever.

Digitized by Google

Anna n6to & detiftia GvliiiMi III. c. p.	igr

fcfcVer, from and after the laid five and twentieth day of March, Penalty on fhaj! make orcaufe to be made, or (hall (fell, give, or utter, or person throw-offer or expofe to fale, any fquibbs, rockets, ferpents, or other fite Works, crapy <&fes, moulds* or ocher implements for thcl<1 ' ntakhig of any fuchfquibbs, rockets, ferpents, or other fire works, that then every fuctv person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convidted before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, limit, dmfionv corporation, liberty, at rflief nj^giftfate of the place, where fetch offence (hlall.be committed, atiter’by the confeffion of the party or parties (b offending, pr the oathof two witnefles (which oath the faid juftice or jufttces of peaefej or chief magiftrate, is and are hereby impower* ed &ira required to adrttinifter) (hall for every fuch offence ibr-ffcft the fuyn of five ^pounds: and if any person or persons what-f&eveh, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, ^em fhdirpermit or fuffet any fquibbs, ferpents, rockets, or other be ^own or fire work* to be caft, thrown or fired from, out of, or in his, fired from [}er or their houfe or hewfes* ihops, dwelling, lodging of habi- their houfes* tatiorr, or frpiti, out of/ dr in any part thereof,, or place thereto belonging or ac^bJniftgf into arty publick ftreet, highway, road or panage, orhnyother houfe or place whatfoever, that then every Rich 'perfon dr* persons fo as aford&id laft offending, and befog thereof aS aforfefaidconvidted, (haflifbr every fuch offence roffeitthe iumof twenty (hillings; the faid fevcral forfeitures to F^eitnw* be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every ]e^d°and fiich offender, liy warrant under the hand and feal of the faid applied, juftice or juft ices of the peace, or chief magiftrate, before whom fpeh copvidtion or convidtions (hall be as aforefaid made; the one half of the faid forfeitures tq be to the ufe of the poor of the parifti where ^every tuch offence (hall be committed, and flie other half to the ufe of him or them who (hall prpfecute, < and caufe fuch offender or offenders to be as aforefaid convicted.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid*

That if any person or persons of what age, fex, degree or quality foever, from and after the (aid five and. twentieth day of March, fliall throw, caft or fire, or be aiding or affiftingin the throwing, cafting or firing of any fquibbs, rockets,, ferpents or other, fire works, in or into any publick ftreet, houfe, (hop, river, highway, road or paflage, that then every person fa offending, and being thereof as aforefaid convidted, (nail for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings to the ufes aforefaid ^Offender n°^ and if the person or persons fo a$ aforefaid laft offending, (hall not immediately (upon his, her or their being thereof as afore- committed % faid convidted) pay to the faid juftice qt juft ices of the peace, or the hpufepf chief magiftrate, before whom fuch convidtiPn fliall be as: afore- eorreflUon, faid made, the faid forfeiture or forfeitures, for the ufes aforefaid, that then .every fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or chief magiftrate, is and are hereby impowered and required, by warrant under his or their hands and feals, to commit every fuch person or persons, fo aforefaid laft offending, to the boufe of

Ka ‘	CQrredtioa

t^z	Anno rtono & deeimo GutifiLMi III. c* 8.

cofredion within the county vdivifion, lirpk,. corporation,, liberty, where fuch offence* as is laft mentioned ihall be com** and kept to mitted, there to remain to befet and kept to hard labour, with-, hard labour, out bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one month** unlefs fuch offender as is, laft mentioned fhall fooner pay fuch! forfeiture or forfeitures to the faid jufticeor juftices of tlje peace,, or chief raagiftrate.	, .	[

Officers of the IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-* ordnance, &c. rity aforefaid,. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the, may order the mafter, lieutenant, or commiffioners of his Majesty’s ordnanceT time being, or any other person or pesfons to be by;

9	*	them or any of them Authorized, to give,ordjers:and cfcredioos^

for the making any forts of fire works, to be ufed and fired ac-*/ cording to fuch o&ders and directions as ihall- he from time taj time given by the faid mafter, lieutenant* ^or commiffroners ofy his Majesty's.ordnapce, or any other perform or perfons. to be,by* them for that' purpofe authorized ; any thing herein contained*

.	to the contrary thereof* in any wife fiotwithftan4ing. :	,	^

Artillery com- V. Provided always, and be lt enaded, That it fhall anjl §ony &cLma* may be lawful to and for thp artillery company of the city of ufe^ny forts' London, or any other artillery company or focietyof- persons lawk of fire works fully met together for the ufo and exercife of, the trairici in the exercife bands, the militia of this kingdom refpedively, to maKe and fife as beforeithe any ^orts ®re works *n th$ exercife and pr^dice of arms arujL making this warlike exploits only, in fuch manner, as they. rot* any of them; ad.	! might'lawfully have jdone before the, making £& this ad; any

thing herein contained to the contrary rth^reof in any wife not-witliftanding,	;

Perfons fued VI. And be it further enaded by the authority(afprefaid^ may plead the 'fbat if any person be at any time fued for putting in execution* genera i ue, ^is a^. or any t^e p0wers tberejn contained, that then fuch person fa fued fhall and may plead the general iffue of Not guilty, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plain-! trff in fuch fuit or adion be nonfuit, oravej;did pafsfor thedefendant, or if fuch plaintiff difeontinue his adipn, or if upon a demurrer judgment be given for the defendant, every fuch de-> fendant fhall have his full treble cofts, to be paid by fuch plaintiff, and the like execution for the fame, as in any cafe where* cofts are given at law for the defendant.

CAP. VIII.

Ait aft for explaining an aft made the laft feftion of parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malty mum, fweets, cyder, and perry.

WHEREAS in one ad made in the laft feflions of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to his Majesty cer-,	tain duties upon malt, mum, fweets, cyder and perry, as well towards

carrying on the war againft France, as for the neceffary expences of his Majesty*s houjhold, liberty was given for making and iffuing of bills or tickets to a certain value, and for borrowing of two hundred thoufand pounds by loan, in manner therein mentioned:

6

Digitized by Google

x6py.] Anno riofio& decimo GuLIElmi III. c.9—ix. 133

cd: and whereas (bme mifconftrudtions have been made touching the payment and fatisfadtion of the loan mentioned in the faid adt, and of the bills or tickets which have been made and iflued purfuant thereunto: be it hereby declared and enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the iame, That all the duties which have been, or hereafter (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue of Duties anfmg the faid recited adt, (hall be, and are hereby appropriated to be	'

iflued and applied to the payment and fatisfadtion oif the faid jhall be appro-Joan of two hundred thoufand pounds, with intereft for the priated to the fame, or fo much as remains due and unpaid thereof, and to the ufes mention--difchargc and fatisfadtion of the faid bills or tickets with intereft in the first place, in fuch courfe and order as the faid adt diredts the'faid loan and appoints, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever, until and bills, &c, the faid loan and the faid bills or tickets with intereft (hall be be paid, fully paid and fatisfijed; any thing in the faid adt, or in any * other' adt or adts to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And that the first monies atifing by the faid duties may Rul?s in an not be diverted or applied otherwife than is hereby diredted, be jfe1 W M# it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the rules and revived^ ** diredtions appointed and enadted in one adt made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for a grant to their Majefties of an aid of two Jbillings in the pound for one year, for the '.fpeedy payment of monies thereby granted into the receipt of the Exchequer by the colledtors and receivers thereof, and for	,

.the diftribution and application thereof, and keeping diftindt ac-,counts of the fame, and all other provifoes, pains, penalties and forfeitures thereby enadted in cafe of diveriion of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enadted to be in force, and (hall be pradtifed, executed and put in ure, for and . concerning the diftribution and application of the faid duties hereby appropriated, as fully, amply and effedtqally, as if the , fame were particularly repeated and re-enadted.

CAR IX.

An adt for rendring the laws more effectual for preventing the imports- *E XP. tion of foreign bone lace, loom lace, needle work, point and cut work.

Repealed by 11 iz IV. 3 cap. si. '

C AP. X.

An adt for granting to his Majesty the fum of one million four hundred EXP. c*gbty four thoufand and fifteen pounds, one (hilling, eleven pence three farthings, for dKbanding forces, paying feamen, and other ules therein mentioned.	*

CAP. XL

An aft	for explaining	an aft made the laft feffion of

ment\	intituled,An act for fupplying fome defefts in the

laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom.

WHEREAS	in and by a ter tain made in the lajl	of S&9W.3.C

this prefent parliament, intituled. An act for fupplying fome

£ 3	defefts

Digitized by

*34

No person adjudged to have a legal fettlement in any paritb, ' unlefs he rent a tenement of iol. per ann, or execute fomeparith office.

I?xp,

V

Anrid ftono & detimo GulielMiIH; c ii. [^97.

defeats in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kforidoirc, ii

Was,amongfl other things therein contained, enalled,Thatif any per* Jon or perform whatfoever, that from and after the prjl day of May; in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix kindred ninety feven, Jhall tome into any parijh or place, there to inhabit and refide, should at the farm time procure, bring, and deliver to the churchwardens, or over* feers of the poor of the parijh or place where any fuch person Jbtkdi come to inhabit, or to any or either of them, a certificate under tht hands and feals of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any other parijh, townjhip, or place, or the major part of them, or Under the hands and feals of the overfeers of the poor of any other place where there are no churchwardens, to be attejled refpelHvely by two or more credible witnejfes, thereby owning and acknowledging the person or f erfons, mentioned in the laid certificate, to be an inhabitant or inhabitants legally fettled in that parijh, townjbip, or place; evkry futb certificate, having been allowed of and fubfcribed by two or more of the jujlices of the peace of the county, city, liberty, borough or town corporate, wherein the parijh or place from whence any fuck certificate jhall come doth lie, Jhall oblige the faid parijh or place to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the certificate, with his or her family, as h habitants of that parijh, whenever hej Jhe or they Jhall happen to bee. me chargeable to, or be forced to qfk relief of the parijh, townjhip or place, to which fuch certijicate was given; and that then and not before, it should and might be lawful for any fuch person, and his or her children, though born in that parijh, not having other-wife acquired a legal fettlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and fettled in the parijh or place from whence fuch certificate was brought: and whereas feme doubts have arifen upon conftruftion of the faid alb, by what alls any person coming to inhabit or reftde within any parijh, by virtue of any fuch certificate as aforefaid, may procure a legal fettlement in fuch parijh, and whether juch certificate did not amount to a notice in writing, in order to gain a fettlement: for explaining thepeof and of the faid ait, be it therefore enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no person or persons whatfoever, who (hall come into any pariffi, by any fuch certificate as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged by any ait whatfoever to have procured a legal fettle-ment in fuch parilh, unlefs he or they (hall really and bonajide take st Jeafe pf a tenement of the Value of ten pounds, or (nail execute fome annual office in fuch parifli, being legally placed in fuch office,

CAP. XII.

An act for the enlarging, repairing and preferving the bridge and key of borough of Bridge water i» the county of Soruerfet,


*69$.] Anno none & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 13.	>35

CAP. XIII.

An act for granting to bis Majefiy feveral duties upon coals

and culm.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons aflemhled in parliament, for a further fupply of your Majesty’s extraordinary occafions, do moft humbly prefent to your Majesty the gift of the impofitions, rates, and duties tierein after mentioned; and do befeech your Majesty that it *nay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal^ and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-femhled, and by the authority of the fame. That for and during the term of five years, commencing from the fifteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto ana for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for and up- Additional On all coals and culm, herein after exprefled (except charcoals made of wood, and cinders made of pit coal) the feveral and re- culm^for fpe<ftive impofitions, rates, duties, and fums of money, herein 5 years, gfter mentioned (over and above all fuch duties as are already , payable for or in refpefl of the fame, or any of them) that is to fey,

II.	For all coals which at any time or times within or during For coals im* the feid term (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Ported h*°m England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, by°^e?ght,&c. from Scotland, or from any part beyond fea (in cafe they are p*r tutu fuch ccals as are moft ufually fold by weight) the fum of five (hillings of lawful Englijb money for every tun, reckoning the tun to confift of twenty hundred weight, and every hundred to confift of one hundred and twelve pounds weight of Averdupois, v and after that rate (or any greater or lefler quantity.

UL And for all coals fo imported from Scotland, or any part For Scotch beyond fea, being moft ufually fold by the chalder, or by any other meafure whatfoever reduceable to the chalder, the fum erf ^ feven (hillings fix pence of like money for every chalder, reck- chalder. * oning the chalder to confift of fix ana thirty buftiels Winchejler meafure, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity of importer to fuch coals fo imported or brought in from any foreign parts \ pay the duties the faid duties for foreign coals imported or brought in as afore, for foreign Aid, to be paid by the refpedtive importer or importers thereof coa,s*

IV.	For all forts of coals from time to time (hipped, or water- por Coa]S fhip„ born in order to be (hipped or laid on board any (hip or veflei, ped or water-to be carried by ftp, and which (hall be carried by fea in any bo™in EnS-(hip or veflei, from any port or place within the faid kingdom	Pcr

of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, c and which at any time or times within or during the faid term (hall be imported, brought or landed in any other port or place, within the kingdom, dominion or town afarefeid, being moft

K 4	ufually

13s

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C.i 3.	[	i

For coals ufually folcjby weight, 3 s. $.d. per tun.

Duties to be paid at the port where |andcd.

For all culm waterborne it d. per chalder, to be paid at the place of importation, &c«

ufually fold by the chalder, or by any other meafure whatfqever reduceable to the chalder, the fum of five (hillings of lawfpl Englijh money for every chalder, to be reckoned as aforefaid, ✓and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

V.	And for all forts of coals^from time to time fa (hipped, or waterborn in order to be (hipped and carried by fea from any port of place of the kingdom of England, dominion of W$lesy or tpwn of Berwick upon Tweedy and which at anytime or times during the faid term (hall be imported, brought or landed many other port or place of the fame (in cafe they are fuch as areinoft ufually fold by weight) the fum of three (hillings four pence for every tun, and according to that proportion for more or lefs j the laid feveral duties for coals fo (hipped, or waterborn to be (hipped, and carried by fea as aforefaid, from time to time to be paid at the refpedtive ports and places of importation or landing of fuch coals, and to be charged upon the refpedtive owrier and owners, matter or other person haying the charge of every fuch (hip or veflel, or of the coals fo carried, imported or brought in the fame.

VI.	And for all culm whatfoever, which at any time, during the faid term of five years, (hall be waterborn in order to be (hipped within the kingdom, dominion, or town aforefaid, or brought into the fame, the fum of one (hillingper chalder, and after that rate, to be paid at the refpedtive ports and places of importation or landing of fuch culm, and to be charged upon

Tbefe duties are re*Pe<^ve owner arid owners, or mafter or matters, or other txpired/burtbe person having the charge of every fuch (hip or veflel, or of the .*& is continued culm fo carried, imported, or brought in the fame.

VII.	And for the better levying and raifing the faid feveral fluties and fums of money by this adf impofed upon (uch of the faid coals and culm as (hall be imported or brought in from Scotland, or any parts beyond fea, as alfo upon fuch of the faid poals and culm as (hall or may he (hipped, or waterborn to be (hipped, and carried by fea from any part qf the faid kingdom of England, dominion of tFales, or town of Berwick upon Tivced, to any other part of the fame as aforefaid, it is hereby enacted, That the fame (hall be from time to time under the management and government of the commiffioners of the cu-ftoms for the time being, whofliallcaufe thofe duties from time to time to be railed, levied, collected and paid, fo that the monies arifing thereby (except the neceflary charges of receiving, collecting, levying and managing the faid duties) (hall be an-(wered and paid from time to time into his Majesty’s Exchequer, diftindt and apart from ^1 other branches of the publick revenues.

VIII.	And for the better afeertaining and fecuring of the faid duties upon coals and culm imported from foreign parts, or ‘(hipped, or waterborri to be (hipped, and carried by fea from any part of England, Wales, or Berwick, to any other part of the fame as aforefaid ; be it further enadted, That the faid feveral dqties and fums of iponey for fuch coals'and pulm (hall, from

'	' ....  '	'	1'"* : ;	tiixxe

t

1 Annae, a. c.

Coromiflion-ers of the cu-ftoms to manage the£ duties, 8cc.

Duties to be

paid before bulk

Digitized by v^ooQie

1698.] Anno nono &-<tecimo Golielmi Hli <0.13.	137

time to time, during the faid term of five years, be anfwered and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, or to fuch collector or person as (hall by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef-fots, or by the faid commiffioriers of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the time being, under their hands ar>d feals,’ be thereunto appomted,beforebulkqf the (hip or veflel in which they are imported, brought or carried, (hall be broken, or any the coals or culm therein (hall be unladen, and before any meter, meafurer or vpeigher in that behalf appointed or to be appointed, (hall meafure or weigh the fame; upon receipt and before whereof, the party appointed to receive fuch duties (hall. with- meafurcd or out delay, fee or reward, deliver a receipt under his hand to the wcUjhed. person or persons who (hall pay the faid duty, which receipt (hall for fo much be a fufficierlt dilcharge $ of all which (hips and Receipt# to be veflels, and of the coals and culm therein imported or brought,	en-

due entries (hall from time to time be made in the cuftom houfe,' tred at the cu-6f or belonging to fuch port or place where fuch importation flora houfe (hall be made (if any cuftom houfe be there) or elfe in the cu- whereiraport-ftom houfe of the next port or place where fuch importation (hall be. And in c^fe any of the faid coals or culm fo imported, ifunfhipped brought or carried by fea, (hall be unihipped to be laid on land, before duty before the impofitions, duties or fums aforefaid refpeeftively due paid, forfeit* for the fame (hall be paid or fecured, that then as well the faid coals and culm fo unihipped, as alfo the (hip or veflel out of which the fame (hall be fo unfhjpped, with all her guns, tackle, furniture and ammunition (hall b* forfeited and loft, one moiety of which forfeitures (hall be unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons as (hall feize, fue or inform for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s courts of record at JVsJiminftery by action of debt. Bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be admitted.

IX.	And to the end that the faid Impofitipns and duties may be duly anfwered and paid without fraud or covin, and for the better levying and collecting thereof, and for the difeovefy of the juft quantities of all forts of coals and culm, from time t9 time (hipped, or waterborn to be (hipped or carried by fea, imported or unladen as aforefaid 5 be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Coraipiifion* Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to or for any four or more ersraay ap-of the f^id commifiioners of the cuftoms for the time tyeing, by P0”1* m.ct*r# writing under their hands and feals, from time to tiirie, to a(- ^ coals ra^p fign and appoint, within every or any port or place within the feven^ ports, faid kingdom of England, dominion of Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy fuch and fo many meters, weighers or mea-furers of the faid coal3 and culm, as (hall within the term aforefaid be imported, brought or landed in fuch port or place, wherein or for which fuch meters, weighers or tneafurers (hall be aligned or appointed as aforefaid j who (hall from time t6 » time meafure and weigh all fuch coals and culm fo imported qr brought $ and wh*n and af loop as any fucji oj veflel fhaft

to

0

Digitized by

Google

15?	Aonp	nono	&	decinio Qvpnhfii III.	£	i

be unladen* (hall forthwith, deliver a true certificate in writing* under his or their hand or hands, unto the person pr perfpni appointed to receive the (aid impofitions or duties within fuch port or place, .of the forts, quantities, and numbers of chalder* or tuns of coals or culm refpedively, which (hall be meafured dr weighed, and delivered from on board any fuch (hip or vef-(el, under the penalty of: one hundred pounds: and in cafe it (hall appear by fuch certificate, or otherwife, that there was on board any fuch (hip or veflel a greater number of chalders or tuns^of coals or culm, than fop which the /aid impofitions or duties hereby impofed (hall have been anfwered and paid as a-forefeid, that then in every fuch cafe there (hall be paid unto his aft* °"wn Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by the mafter or owners of fuch S, eto&SJng fhip or veflel, for every chalder or tun of coals or culm fo conceal-coab to ettlm, ed, over and above the impofitions and duties afprefaid, the fum of ten (hillings, for which, in cafe of refufal to pay the fame, fuch (hip or veflel, with the tackle, furniture artd apparel thereof, or any part thereof, (hall and may be attached and detained by the ofticer or officers for the time being, in fuch port or place appointed to receive the faid impofitions or duties, or to meafurfe 6r weigh the (aid coals or culm, until payment thereof, and to fell the faid (hip or veflel, tackle, furniture and apparel, or any part thereof, in cafe all the (aid impofitions, duties or payments feefore mentioned, for the faid concealed coals or culm, (hall not be paid and (atisfied, with reafonable cods and charges for fuch attaching, detaining or felling, rendring the overplus \ which fale (hall be good and effe&ual in the law.

Jfawifo.	X. Provided neverthelefs. That if the importer, upon fuch

certificate delivered in by the meafurer or weigher, (hall withirt the fpace of fix days after the delivery of fuch (hip or vefiel, and before her departure from that port or place, give in his pod-entry, and fatisfy and pay the whole duty for the furplufage of the (aid coals or culm, appearing upon the unlading of fuch (hip or veflel, then upon fuch payment the penalty aforefaid (hall be ‘ difcharged.

Officers of the XI. And for the manifedation of jshe. truth, and certainty itV feveral ports the premififes, be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid, to enter a true ^hat the officers to be appointed in each port and place for the monies^receiv- receiving of the faid impofitions or duties, and for the weighing cd and paid, and meafuring of the faid coals and culm (hipped, orwaterbom to be (hipped, imported or landed as aforefaid, (hall refpe&ively keep one or more book or books for every fuch port or place, wherein they (hall refpe&ively enter down a true account of all fuch fums of money, which (hall be paid or received for or up-And the mim- on	°f the faid impofitions or duties, and of all the pay-

ber of chalders ments and difburfements of the fame, and alfo a true account and tuns, &c. of the numbers of chalders and tuns of coals and culm fo imported, landed, and unladen in any fuch port or place, and oS the refpe&ive forts thereof.

<3iihrclln?nthf XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-raying th^ **id> That there (hall be allowed tp every mafter or owner of

any

Digitized by Google

Anno jiadK8c detimoGifLifcLMr III. 1.14,15.	*39

any fliip of veflekthree months time forthe payment of the doty duties, on giv.. impofed by	fiich coala and culm, from time to time ^ founty.

imported, broUgttcf'CjitBed by fea as'^orefaid, good and fuff fictent fectirity being given fori the fame, fuch as the colleftor oc other chief offifcer of the port or place where fuch goods (hall be imported or brought (hall approve of; or if fuch matter of owner (hall for the feme pay prefent money, there (hall be allowed him after the fate of ten pounds per centum per annumf Ten pounds " for fuch prompt payment; and if any of the coals or crtlm, fo* percent. al-which the duty hereby granted (hall be ortce paid or fecured at [Jot the importation or landing thereof, Khali be again exported and carried to arty other place of this kingdom, there (hall be no Coals import* further duty by this aft paid or demanded for the fame; and ifed and export-any of the coals for which the duty by this aft (hall be once paid *^*p*“,no or fecured as aforeiaid, (hall be afterwards carried to arty parts t0 belaid!7 beyond the feas, then an allowance out of the over-fea duties. Coals carried or repayment* (hall be made of fo much as was before paid by beyond fea, this adl for the fame cods or culm.	du.ty to be re-

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That if any person or persons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done in execution of this aft, he or they may general iffue, plead the general iffue, and give this aft in evidence; and if a lx. verdift pals for the defendant, or the plaintiff be nonfuit,*or forbear, protection, the defendant (hall have treble cods, to be recovered as in other cafes where cofts are given by law to de*-fendants.

CAP. XIV.	.	;

An act for continuing the duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate, and fpices, EXP. towards fatisfa&ion of the debt due for tranfport ferrice for the reduction of Ireland.

Additional duties on feveral forts Of goods, &c. imported, expreffed in an aft 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 7. continued until 1 May, 1701. and the (kid aft

revived.>--Continued further by is & 13 W. 3. cap. 11 until 1706. Vide

*8 Geo. z. c. 26.

CAP. XV.

„ An act for determining differences by arbitration.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that references made by rule of court have contributed much to the eafe of the fubjeft, in the determining of controverfies, becaufe the parties become thereby obliged to fubmit to the award of the arbitrators, under the penalty of imprifonment for their contempt in cafe they refufe fub-Mjffion: now for promoting trade, and rendring the awards of arbitrators the more effeftual in all cafes, for the final determination of controverfies referred to them by merchants and traders; or others, concerning matters of account or trade, Or other matters; be it.enafted by tht King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, arid by’authority of the fame. That from and after the eleventh day of May, Merchants which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and traders, eight, it (hall and may be lawful for all merchants and

traders,

Digitized by t^ooQle

l4<*	Annanorid& dedfncv GauELMTHI: Cfr6. [1698.

Vcrfift bf ar- traders, and others defiring tostld any controverfy, fuit or quar-bittatieB) may rc^ cdntroverfies, fuits or quarrels, *>for Whichthere is no other fubmiffionof remedy but by perfonal a&ioa or fuit in equity, by arbitration, tfce fuit to the to agree that their fubmiffion of their fuit to the award or ura-awtard of any ffirage of any person or persons fhould be made a rule of any of person, fhould his Majesty’s courts of record, which the parties fhali choofe, ©f any court arK* t4> infertfuch their agreement in their fubmiffion, or the ©ftfe&rd, &c. condition of the bond or promife, whereby they oblige them-" nt f felvesrefpeaively to fubmit to the award or umpirage, of any ^^tobe in- person or persons, which agreement being fo made and infertea fcrttd in their m their fubmiffion or promife, or condition of their refpedtive iuhmiflionj&c. bonds, (hall*or may, upon producing an affidavit thereof made by the witnefies thereunto, or. any one of them, in the court of '	which the fame is agreed to be made a rule, and reading and

\V	filing the feud affidavit in court, be entred of record infuch court,

I . v and the rule (hall thereupon be made by the laid court, that the Parties to-be parties (hall fubmit to, and finally be concluded by the arbitra-ftna%c<m- t;on or umpirage which (hall be made concerning them by the arbitrators or umpire, purfuant to fuch fubmiffion ; and in cafe tion.	of difobediehce to :fuch arbitration or umpirage, the party neg-

ln cafe of dif- le&ing or refufing to perform and execute the fame, or any part obedience, thereof, fhali be fubjedl to all the penalties of contemning a MjThibfef^to °f court, when he is »a fuitor or defendant in fuch court, penalty, &c. ^and the court on motion (hall iffue procefs accordingly, which •procefs .fhall not be flopped or delayed in its execution, by any order, rule, command, or procefs of any other court,, either of tralefs arbitra- law or equity, unlefs it (hall be mlde appear on oath to fuch tors miibeha- court, that the arbitrators or umpire mi(behaved themfelves, Sves^111"	awarc*>	arbitration	or	umpirage	was	procured	by

corruption, or other undue means.

Corrupt arbi- * H. And be it'further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, tration void. That any arbitration or umpirage procured by corruption, or and may be undue means, (hall be judged and efteemed void and of none fet afide, &c, effe(q5 and accordingly be fet afide by any court of law or equity, fo as complaint of fuch corruption or undue practice be made in the court where the rule is made for fubmiffion to fuch arbitration or umpirage, before the laft day of the next term after fuch arbitration or umpirage made and publi(hed to the parties; any thing in this a Si contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

■ CAP. XVI,

J5XP.	An a6t to execute judgments and decrees faved in a claufe in an a& of the

| W*&M. ffi. firft; pear of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An c. 27,	aSi fir taking, away tlx court boldest before the prefojent and council of the

marches of wales. '	r

^Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, #c. may iflue forth execution on judgments, &c. given in the prefident’s court of the marches of Wales, before 1 Jqr^e, 168^, $cc. and may reyerfe or a%rja the (aid judgments.


r^S.) . Anno^noRO & dcdi^p^roMtIH. C. j 7.

m

i! •.,

C AP. XVII:

W

* jin a& for tbe betttt, payment of 'inland bills of exchange.	*,o ^ H

HE&EAS great damages and other inconveniencies do fre\ v quently happen in the eourfe of tra&e and commerce^ by reafoh of de fays ofpayment anffafher neglects on inland bills of exchange in this kingdom-9 fee it therefore enacted bytfie King’s moftexcellentma-jefty, by and with the advice andxorifentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this Prefent parliament aflembled, and by thjs authority of the, fame, Th^t from and After the four Bills of ex-and twentieth day of June next,1 which fhall be iri the year one change drawn thoufand fix hundred ninety eight* all and every bill or bills of jJcEJ j ’r exchange drawn in, or dated at and from, any trading^ city or upwards,*payT town, or aiiy other place in the kingdom*of England,1 donuniofi able at a*ter-* of finales') or town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the (tyh of five number pounds fterling or upwards, upon any person or persons of or in acceS ItO&fafb or any other trading city, town, or arny other place (ill anct> an/3* which faid bill or bills of exchange (hall be ackoowkdgea and ex- days after it is preflfed'the faid value to be received) and is and lhall be dcawn due, party payable ht a certain number of days, wedC9, or months after a?te thereof, that from and after prefentation and acceptance of Faribnrprom^ the faid bill or bills of exchange (which acceptance (hall be by fions relating the underwriting the fame under the party’s hand lb accepting) hereto 3 & 4 and after the; expiration of three days after the (aid bill or bills Annae> c. 9. ihall become due, the party to whom the (aid bill or bills are , Salk. iyi. piade payable, his fervant, agent, or afligns, may and (hall Mod. Cafes caufe tne faid bill or bills to be proteftedby a notary publlck, in law, So, ^ and in default of fuch notary publick, by any other fubftantial *73; person of the city, town, or place, in the prefence of two or 6	0	‘	0#‘

mere credible witnefles, refufal or neglecft being first made of due payment of the fam^; which proteft (hall be made and written under a fair written copy of the faid bill of exchange, in the words or form following:

KNOW all men, that I A. B. on the	day	of The form of

at the u fual place of abode of the faid	the	Proteft-

have demanded payment of the billy of the which the above is the copy, which the faid	did	not	pay9

wherefore I the faid	do	hereby	protejl	the	faid

hill. Dated this	day	of

II. Which proteft fo made, as.aforefaid, (hall within four-Proteft or noteen days after making thereof, be fent, or otherwife due notice tice thereof to lhall be given thereof, to the party from whom the faid bill or £l after1*1* bills were received, who is, upon producing fuch proteft, to„fade? ^ repay the faid bill or bills, together with all intereft and charges And 6d. for from the day fuch bill or bills were proteftedj for which the proteft. proteft (hall be paid a fum not exceeding the fum of fix pence;In te ft*^de and in default pr neglett of fuch proteft made and fent, or due perfbn 9 notice given within the days before limited, the person fo fail- failing liable

jug to colts*.

Digitized by v^ooQle

142 Anno now&dcdmoGtTtrfetMi ni. c.W-^o. £i&}8

ing or neglecting thereof jif mad<<bajl-be liable to all cofts, damages, and intereft, which do aridftiall accrue thereby. iQ- Provided neverthda^ That&ch inland bill SawrtoeiTe ?*	exc^lange	lhall	happen	to	be	loft	or	qiifc^qied	wtfh-

another. P in the time before limited for payment of the fepae, thektfc drawer of the faid bill or bills is ahd fh*H be obliged to give another bill or bills of the lame tenor withthofe first given, the person or persons to whom they are and fh?dl be fo delivered giving fecimty, if demanded, tb the feiddfawer, jo indemnify him againft ail persons whatfbever, in cafe the faid bill or bills of exchange £o allddged to lie loft or mifearried, ?fhafl be fbtmd

cap. xvin.

EXP.	An	a& lor the .repairing the highways from the town of BTrdlipp, ahd the

* top pf Crickley hill, m the county of Gloucefter, to thecSy of fttou* ~ cekef. Far %o years Jrm x+ Jane, JS9S.	V*

;•	*	c	ap.	xix.	1	1

'	-	An	*£t for cleanfing and mfaking itavigaWe the channel from the fikheat

Colchefter, to Wivenhoe. -Duties to bd-paid from 1 May, 169S. for %\ years, for all good# landed or 1 &jippdd:from Wivenhoe, or the n$w Hithe in Colchefter. . Every hay, fay^os perpetuane, a half peny, timber £d. per tun, chalk 3 id. per tun* paving ftone 6 d. per tun; either ftones, tobacco pipe day, ^fhes or pantyies i2 d. per run. Fullers earth or fea coal, iid. per cbalder* v Oil js» ycftiw. vfrine or brandies 5 s. per tun. . AH other goofa St# j * s.iper tun. To be paid before landed, or flipped. Caytimed it $Qeo. i.c. jt. f. 1. from May, 1719. to May, 174^0. Duties to be paid to-col-MaieferpetB-	lector, and by him to receiver general. Mayor, Sec. may affegn where

mity 13 Geo.	the channel thall be enlarged. See. may cut and dig the land fo lattoift,

s. c. 30*	tec. Earl of Kent's land not to be cut. Except gravel-pit .bad, and

. two pieces called Foreiaods. JNor the Ipnds of Nicholas Corfellis, dq$ unlefs Reed Point. In cafe of damage mayor and commonalty tp repair the fame. Soil not to be laid on any perfon'sland without Horace. On payment of fum agreed on, fnch lands to be veiled in the mayor and commonalty. See. Penalty on mayor, &c. not repairing the pry. Siiffei Mayor,. See. to compound with the owners of lands. Cqqunif* fioners to mediate between the corporation and owners, and proportion every perfon’s (hare. On non-agreement, IherifF of Eflex to impanel a jury, who are to enquire and aflefs damages. Commiffioners to give judgment thereupon. Sec. Such judgment binding, to be kept among the records of the fdfions. Mayor, See. may nominate collector. See. Mayor of Colchefter, and juftket of the eaft divifion of Eflex to be commtflioners, and to take account of the receipts and dilburfementv See. No goods to be laded or unladed at any key in Colchefter river but. at Wivenhoe, and the New Hithe. Giles Sayer's wharf excepted, Goods, See. unloaden at Wivenhoe, and not carried to Colchefter, &c. ;

.	exempted from duties The like from Colchefter to Wivenhoe. Mayor,1

Uc. may engage the profits of the toll, and grant the fame for si years, for fecurity for money borrowed, with intereft at 61. per cent. If before expiration of the term, fufficient money be raifed for the ufes aforeflud^ duties to ceafe. In cafe mayor. Sec. make new channel through Gravel-pit land, earl of Ktut may either have the value thereof, or retain tht fame.

CAP. XX.

8XP*	An	aft to naturalize the children of fuch officers and foldiers. and others

the natural bom fubjefts of this realm, who have been bom abroad during the war, the parents of fuch children having been in the fervice of this government...........

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

*$<>$.} Anno nono& didnio Oolielmi Ill. c. 21.	143

Ant® for the betUr prevafting^n tountprfaUm*. flipping*

C A P. 30a.

• *	-\y

and other diminsjhing'tbt qaincfdhit kingdom^ u»

WHEREAS the preventing (urreng	wfyti-

fully diminijhed, and counterfeit mpnyfhjd more jjfeffuqt means to preferve the coin of this kingdom intire andPure^ fh'pm ipi mojl rigorous laws for the purifbmentoffuch as dmifiijh, ‘or counterfeit tbefhme: and whereas by the known Jaws of this kingdom r\Q perfo% J	nh-f \

ought to pay, orknowingly tender Jhjpfywenf, anyMunfeffeit or unlawful diminijhed moneys and allperjons nof only may fefuje to receive . t,f the fame, but may, and by the amientjjqlufes arid Ordinance} jf. this * kingdom have been required to dejiroyanf deface \he fame\ 4nd more Staiv %* efpeciaUy the tellers in the receipt of the Exchequer, Vy jheir duty and Monet/pinr* oath of office, are required to receive no money but wodandtrue-, **&&*••*• and to the end the fame might the better be difeerned gndfknov/fi^ by the , j |j-c-ancient cqurfe qf the/aid receipt of , th^ Exchequer all Ttonpj\ ntghtta be received there fa weight as iydti qs by tale: for iff Y^loyihg of pbitb courfe, YdgSher with other things, an alt woe Madfip ibj laft lejfiok of t) >is prefent parliamentintituled. An a<& for the better 8 & 9 W. j* obfetvatidh bf the coUrfe anciently pfed in the receipt of the c. a$* Exdbequdfa Whereby amongjt other things it is enalted, Thqt the re-fpeffiveteWts 'of the faid receipt of the Exchequer, when any money fhall he brought to the faid receipt of the Exchequer, to be there paid,

/ball without delay receive it, weighing the. fame in intire fumi or Otbetkvife^ and making due entry of the weight and tale^thereof, dc- *_	. >>;>t

cording stq the ancient courfe •, but ho provt/ion is made in the faid : • alt, that the faid tellers Jhall refufe to-receive the faid money, in cafe it jhall not be of its due weight; and the former and ancient laws be-	y

ing grown into defuetude, whefeby unlawfully diminijhed and counterfeit money receive a currency, and wicked and traiterous persons art encouraged to diminijb and counterfeit the fame: now to the end the kingdom, after fo vafl a charge and expence for the reformation of the fiver coin, and rejioring it to its due weight and purity, may not relapse into the fame evil, from which it hath been fo lately delivered with great difficulty and hazard, and that counterfeit and unlawfully diminifbed money, which already begins to increafp, may be defaced and dejtroyed, be it declared and enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That it is and (hall be lawful to Any perfon^ and for any person, to whom any filver money (hall be tendred, may cut or* « any piece or pieces whereof (hall be diminifhed, otherwife than by reafonable wearing, or that by the (lamp, impreffion, co- counterfeit lour, or weight thereof, he (hall fufpeft to be counterfeit, to money. ' cut, break, or deface fuch piece or pieces; and if any piece fo cut, broken, or defaced, (hall appear to be counterfeit, the person tendring the fame (hall bear the lofs thereof; but if the

fame (hall be of due weight, and appear to be lawful money, person tend-the person that cut* broke, or defaced the fame, (hall, and is to bear ^

,	1	„ iwy iu ucir

hereby the lofs, ft*

Digitized. v^-ooQle

*4*

Mayor, &c. to determine difputes.

and adminifter an oath.

Officers of fhe Exchequer, receivers ge-neraif&c. required to cut fuch money J fo. tended, „ &c.

and to weigh all filver money received.

*&9W. $. c. 26. continued.

*fc*W. 3. C. 21.

Anno none & decin^III. c.izi^

hereby required to take and receive the fame at the rate‘it was coined for; and if any queftion:oir difpute (hall arife, whether the piece fo cut he counterfeit, it (hall be heard and finally determined bythe mayor, balfiBT/ o^ifatliffs, or other chief ofiicer of any city 4r town corporate, where fuch tender (hall be made; and it fuch tefider (hall be ipade out of any £itv or town corporate, then by the next juftice of the peace or the county, inhabiting or being near the place where fuch tender ftiaN be made; andvthe (aid mayor, or other chief officer, and juftice of the peace, (half have full power and authority fo admiinifter an oath, as he (haltfee convenient, fo any person, for the determining any questionsrelating to the faid.piece.

II.	And be. if further enacted by fhe authority aforefaid, That thqtelWsof ^he receipt of the Exchequer, and their deputies' and clerks, and receivers gendral of every branch of hi$ Maje-ftyV revehue, aids^impofitions, duties, and taxes, given of gfSnfe^ br to be hereafter given or granted, (hall and are hereby1 requited, to cut, break,' of deface, or caufq to be cut, broken^ or defaced,. every plefe of counterfeit, or unlawfully dU mimfhed,* filver money, that (hall be tendred in payment to them to , the ufeof his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefrors, of fof any part of the revenue, aids, impofition9, duties, of taxes of his Majesty," his hens W fucceffors ; and the better to difeovef filver money that is counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, front that which is g6od and trite, the tellers and receivers general, and their refpeCtive deputies and clerks, (hall, weigh in whole fdtAs, or otherwife, all filver money by them received; apd if the fame, or any piece thereof, (hall, by the weight br other-wife appear to be counterfeit, or unlawfully diminifhed, the fame (hall not be received by or from them in the. faid receipt of the Exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their refpeftive accounts.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That an adt made tfie laft feflion or this prefent parliament, intituled. An act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom, and every article and claufe therein-contained, (hall from henceforth continue and be of force until the five and twentieth day of Marchy which (hall be in the Year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.

, CAP. XXII.

Jn aft to repeal an aft made in the nine and thirtieth yeat of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled^ An a6t to re-ftrain the exceflive making of malt, and to difebarge and vacate orders made by jujlices of peace by virtue thereof for refraining malfiers from making malt.

WHEREAS by an aft made the lajl fjjtons of this prefent parliament, intituled.> An adt for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, fvveets, cyder, and perry, as

Well

Digitized by

Google

2698.} Anno nono & ctecimo Gulielmi III. c. 23.	145

well towards carrying on the war againft France^ as for the ne*> ceflary expence of his Majesty’s houfhold, and other occafions, a duty of fix pence per bujhel was laid upon malt, for a certain time therein limited: And whereas an aft was made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of Opueen Elizabeth* intituled, An a& to 39 c» * reftrain the exceflive making of malt, and there hath been fome repea e # doubti whether the fame aft be now in force, by reafon the title of the faid aft was mijlaken in the aft of parliament whereby it was defigned to have been continued; yet nevertheless feveral jufices of peace at their quarter feffions have taken upon them to make orders to> fupprefs and refrain malfiers from buying of barley to convert into malty and from ufing and exercifing the employ of ntalting by the fpace of one year, which is a great damage to his Majefiy, by lejfening the revenue, and a difcouragement to malfers: For remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid a61 made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth be repealed, and all orders made by juftices of peace for'reftraining malfters from making of malt, fince the faid duty of fix pence a bufhel was Juftices orders laid upon malt, are hereby vacated and difcharged.	vacated.,

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting to his Majefiy a further fuh/tdy of tun- A'ey) fubfidy. nage and poundage, towards raiftng the yearly fum of fe-*ven hundred thoufand pounds, for the fer*oice of bis Ma*

Jeffs houjhold, and other ufes therein mentionedy during bis Majefifs life.

WHEREAS your Majefifs ntofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts the Continued U commons ^England in parliament ajfemblef fbeing deeply 1 Gco* fenfible of the great blejjings which, by the goodnefs of Almighty God,c*19 we and all other the Jubjefts of your Majefifs realms and dominions, in the free exercife of the true chrifiian religion (the mofi valuable benefit which can be befiowed upon any nation or people) as alfo in our liberties and properties, do fifty enjoy under your Majefifs mofi au~ fpicious government; and being defirous to make a grateful acknowledgment of your Majefifs unparalleled grace and favour to us your commonsy and particularly for the great and fuccefsful undertakings and atchievments, whereby your Majefiy hath been the happy infiru-ment of fecuring the aforefaid blejfings to us and our pofierities \ have therefore freely and unanimoufly refolved to.increafe your Ma-jetty's revenue during your M^jefty’s reign (which God long continue) and do give and grant unto your moft excellent Majesty the further rates, duties, and fums of money, herein after mentioned $ and do humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and of the commons, in t}us prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That over and above Vox.. X.	L	all

Digitized by

Google

T1Z.

French wines imported to

146	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 23.	[169$.

Additional all fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, and over and above all naeeiamltUn" additional duties, impofitions, and other duties whatfoever, by poundage. See. any other a<5t or a<fts of parliament, or otherwife howfoever, granted for already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to his Mattie King's life, jefty, for or upon any wines, goods or merchandizes whatfoever, imported or to be imported, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied unto his Majesty, one other fub-fidy called Tunnage, for and upon all wines, which from and after the laft day of January, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, at any time or times, during his Majesty’s life, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (that is to fay),

II. Of every tun of wine of the growth of France, or of any the dominions of the French King, or crown of France, that London by the (hall come into the port of London, and the members thereof, topfyAl 10s! fcy way merchandize, by his Majesty’s natural born fubje&s, per tun, and the fum of four pounds and ten (hillings of current Englijb mo-by aliens 61. ney, and fo after that rate; and by Grangers and aliens (ix per tun. pounds of the like money : And of every tun of the like wine, knpmted^nto wb*cb (hall be brought into all and every the other ports and any other ports places of this kingdom, and the dominions thereof, by way of 31, per tun, merchandise, by his Majesty’s natural born fubje&s; the fum and by aliens Qf three pounds ; and by iiens four pounds ten (hillings. Mufcadels HI And of every but or pipe of mufcadels, malmfeys, cutes, malmfeys/&c. tents, alicants, baftards, facks, canaries, malaga’s, madera’s, 45 s. per but and other wines whatfoever, commonly called Sweet Wines, of the growth of the Levant, Spain, Portugal, or any of them, or any the iflands or dominions to them or any of them belonging, or elfewhere, that (hall come or be brought into the port of London, by his Majesty’s natural born fubjeds, the fum of forty five (hillings of current Engli/h money, and fo after that rate ; and by ftrangers and aliens three pounds of like money: and of every but and pipe of the like wine, which (hall come or be brought into all and every or any the other ports and places of this kingdom and dominions thereof, by way of merchandize, by his Majesty’s natural born fubjefts, the fum of thirty (hillings ; and by ftrangers forty five (hillings.

IV. And of every awm of rhenifh wine, or wine of the growth of Germany, that fhall be brought into this realm and the dominions thereof, by his Majesty’s natural bom fubje&s, the fum of twenty (hillings of current Engli/h money; and by ftrang-Wines landed ers and aliens twenty five (hillings : and that fuch wines that *nrtse<and ^ (hall be landed in any the out ports, and afterwards brought to terwardlT	Port London by certificate, (hall pay fo much more fub-

brought tp	fidy by this acl as they paid fhort of the duty due in the port

Lonaontopay of London. Which feveral rates for wines are the fame which t^due i* the~ are exPre^ *n a certain book of rates, which was figned by port^f Loss* Flarbottle Grimflone, baronet, formerly fpeaker of the houfe don.	of commons, and which is referred to by an a ft of parliament,

s» Car. t. c.4. jnade in {be twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se-,	cond.

or pipe,

and by aliens 3 1, &c.

Rhenifh wine, &c. to s. per awin.

Digitized by v^ooQle

169$.] Anno none & decimo GuLiELMt III. c.23.	*47

cond, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tunnage and poundage and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported. And one further fubfidy called Poundage (that is to (hy) of all manner of goods and merchandizes of every merchant, natural born fubjed, denizen, and alien, to bd import- itd.perlb.oiv ed or brought into this realm, or any his Majesty’s dominions all goods and to the fanhe belonging, at any time or times after the faid laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, during im*° his Majesty’s life, by way of merchandize, of the value of every twenty (hillings of the lame goods and merchandizes, accord-* ing to the feveral and particular rates and values of the fame goods and merchandizes, as the fame are particularly and re-fpe&ively rated and valued in the aforefaid book of rates, twelve pence, and fo after that rate; and if there (hall happen to be Goodsiirtpotf. brought into this realm any goods liable to the payment of fub- ed,&c. and not fidy by this ad granted, which £re not particularly rated in the faid book of rates, that in every fuch cafe every cuftomer or to pay tUefob* colledor for the time being (hall levy the fubfidy by this ad fidy, Scc. granted, according to the value and price of fuch goods, to be affirmed upon the oath of the merchant, in the prefence of the cuftomer, collector, comptroller, and furveyor, or any two. of* them : except and foreprized out of this grant of fubfidy of Fids and 4y*n poundage, all wines before limited to pay fubfidy of tunnage, g^°d* except*, and all manner of fi(h Englijh taken, and brought by Englijh ^tere^L t<>£ bottoms into this realm, and all manner of frefti fim ana beaftial \y, {!c.%$. that (hall come into this realm, and all other goods and mer* f. 17. as to chandizes, which in the faid book of rates are mentioned to whale fins, oil be cuftom free, and except and foreprized out of this grant of ^ fubfidy of poundage all goods and merchandizes which are com- 96eo?i. c! 11. tnonly ufed in dying.	f* 3. as to to-

V,	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted*. That bacco.

&11 drugs chargeable by this ad, which (hall be imported di- ,n^ce t fedly from the place of their growth in Englijh built (hipping, pepper) im-P (hall be rated to pay by this ad one third part of what is charg- ported, &c. cd thereupon in the faid book of rates, and no more; and that to pay only a all fpicery, except pepper, which (hall be imported diredly thlr4 Part> from the place of its growth in Englijh built (hipping* /hall be rated to pay by this ad one third part of what is charged in the faid book of rates, and no more; and that this ad (hall not extend to charge linen imported with the additional duty of one moiety of the rate mentioned in the faid book of rates; and Other forts of that all foreign wrought filks exported within one year from theg°°ds a°d importation, (hall have two thirds of the rate herebycharged l^sGeo 1* repaid at the cuftom houfe; and this ad (hall not extend to c* 3.5f. 34.. and charge wrought filks imported with the additional duty of one 8 Geo. 1. c.i$r moiety mentioned in the faid book of rates; or to diarge to* f- *7* bacco of the Englijh plantations with the additional duty of one penny per pound, oyer and above the fubfidy mentioned in th6 (aid book of rates; or to charge wines of the growth of France*

Germany, Portugal, or Madeira, with the additional duty of Jhrec pounds per tun, or any other wines with the additional

L 2	duty

Digitized by

Altered by ia Ann*, fiat. a. c. 8.

Allowances and abatements.

Duties to be kvied by the officers of the cuftoms, &c. and paid into

148	Anno	nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c/13. ' [1

duty of four pounds per tun, mentioned in the faid former ads or book of rates ; and that for all tobacco of the Englijb plan*

• tations, which (hall be imported and exported again within one year after fuch importation, the further fubfidy of one penny per pound hereby granted, (hall be repaid at the cuftom houfe.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out of the feveral fubfidies of tunnage and poundage by this ad granted, there (hall be fuch and the like allowance^ and abatements in all cafes, as are or were prefcribed in the like cafes by the faid former ad, or by the faid book of rates, or the rules thereunto annexed, and to be made and allowed under the1 fame reftridions, and in the fame manner and form a* are therein expreffed.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid feveral fubfidies of tunnage and poundage hereby granted* (hall be raifed, levied and colleded by the refpedive

and paid into officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms for the time being, under the the Exchequer, management and dirediori of the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being; and (hall be brought and paid, or anfwer-cd into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for the purpofes in this ad mentioned (fuch additional charge as (hall be necef-Powers in the fafy for the management of this revenue only excepted) and *h*t anc* every the claufes, powers, diredions, penalties, for-*c 1* futures, matters and things whatfoever, contained in the faid and book of former ad of tunnage and poundage, or in the faid book of rates, to be in rates, or the rules thereunto annexed, or in any other laws or force, &c. ftatutes whatfoever now in force, for railing, levying, fecuring, colleding, anfwering or paying the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage thereby granted, mall be applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, colleding, anfwering, and paying the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage by this ad: granted, as fully and etfedually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the.faid claufes, powers, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, matters and things were particularly repeated, and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

Subfidy on fu- VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That the whole gars imported, further fubfidy laid by this ad upon all fugars that (hall be im-cmex**rta- ported from the Englifh plantations in America, (hall and may So* " be drawn and .paid back at the exportation thereof; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas great quantities of brown and mufeovado fugars have formerly been refined here in England, and afterwards exported to foreign markets, whereby a great number of people have been employed, and a manufacture carried on very prof table to this kingdom j which trade of refitting fugars for exportation will be lofty unlefs a drawback be allowed, when fuch Jugars are exported, after they are refined here, fuitable to the drawback allcived on the exportation of broivn and mufeovado fugars, by reafon foreign nations will be thereby enabled to refine them cheaper abroad than they can be done here at home; be it therefore enaded by the authority a-forefaid. That for every hundred weight of fugar refined irv

England

Digitized by

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.23.	149

England (and fo m proportion for a greater or idler quantity) Drawback of exported out of this kingdom after the faid laft day of January, on expo^-^* which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix nundred t;0n mufcova-ninety nine, during the continuance of this ail, there (hall be do fugar re-repaid at the cuftom houfe to the exporter, within one month fined *n Eng-after demand thereof, the fum of three (hillings, oath being ££ first made by the refiner, that the faid fugar fo exported was WM refined produced from brown and mufeovado fugar charged by this ait, from brown and that, as he verily believes, the fame was imported from his fugar import* Majeft/s plantations in America, and that, as he verily believes, the duty of the faid brown and mufeovado fugar was duly paid n 9 at the time of the importation thereof, and that the fame was duly exported, his Majesty’s fearcher alfo certifying the (hipping 1 thereof, and all other requifites duly performed, according to the book of rates.

: X. And be if enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for Merchant to the further fubfidy hereby granted upon tobacco of the Englijb have 3 months plantations in America, the merchant importer fhall have three r°ujP?ying the months time from the importation to pay the fame, giving fe- tobacco,°&c. curity for the payment thereof accordingly \ and in cafe of pay- or 10 l/per* ing the fame fooner than the faid three months, the faid mer- cent. for chant importer (hall be allowed a difeount after the rate of ten PromPl Pay-pounds per centum per annum for prompt payment 5 any thing men * herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always. That ginger of the Englijh plantations Gjnger to pay in the Wejl Indies, which by the faid book of rates is valued at 2S.perioowt« fixteen pence a pound, (hall pay for the faid former fubfidy one

Ihilling for every hundred weight, and for the fubfidy by this ait one (hilling for every hundred weight, and after that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, and no more; any thing m this ait or the faid former ait to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas great quantities of cut whalebone fit for ufe are frequently imported in Jhort lengths and fmall parcels, by meant whereof not only his Majefiy is defrauded of the duties laid there-upon, but the merchants importing, and the manufacturers employed in cutting of fin whalebone, are greatly prejudiced and difeouraged 3 be it therefore declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies Cut whale-politick or corporate, (hall import or bring into this kingdom bone imported of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon^Tweed^ ®tiier than In any cut whalebone (other than in fins only) he, or they £e”*e^ly^dor-fhall forfeit the goods, and double the value of the cut whale- double the va-bone fo imported, ,one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs lue. and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall	4 Ann*,

feize or fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record,	Ar-

wherein no effoin, proteition, or wager of law (hall be allow-^/^o i# tbe ed, nor any more than one imparlance; any thing in this ait, mafier of tbo or any former law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	k

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaited and declared porejcn by the authority aforelaid, That in all cafes where any the goods, exi foreign goods or merchandizes by this ail charged with the fub- ported again

k 3	<»dy

Digitized by

Google

9 months are ftdarge4 to j years L>) 7 Geo. 1. Aat. 1, p.

f» »3*

reign Hlksl tobacco, fu-fjar> &p.

150	Anno	nono	& dacimo Golielmi III. C. 23.	[1698.

in 12 monithsf fidy of tunnage or poundage hereby granted (other than , and rion^ f?bfidta” /excePt fo;reign wrought (ilk, tobacco, fugars, and refined fu-flia^be^epaud. ga**s, touching which other provifions are hereby made) (hall *lhefe 12 and at any tiirie or times be again exported by any merchant Engr lijh, within twelve calendary months, or (tranger within nine palendary months, after the importation thereof, and that due proof be first made by certificate from the proper officers, of the due entry and payment of the fubfidy hereby granted, of any fuch foreign goods, wines, or merchandizes inward, together with the oath of the merchant importing and exporting the fame, affirming the truth thereof, and that, all other requi-i fites (hall be performed, which are by law required to be performed, in cafes where the half fubfidy is repaid hy the faid former ad, the whole fubfidy by this ad granted, and which (hall have been adually paid for fuch goods, wines or merchandizes, (hall, without any delay or reward, be repaid unto fuch merchant or merchants who do export the fame, within one jnonth after demand thereof; or the fecurity for the faid fubfw dy by this ad charged (hall be vacated, as to fo much as (half drawback on be fo expprted ; and that as to the faid foreign wrought filks, exporting fo- tobacco, fugars, and refined fugars, no repayment or drawback of or for the fubfidy by this ad (hall be made or allowed for the fame, unlefs they relpedively be again exported within the times hereby limited for other goods ; and that the like due proof be made,* and other requifites performed, for the faid filks, tobacco, fugar, and refined fugar, as are hereby direded in the like cafe for other goods or merchandizes exported; and that ppon fuch exportation of foreign wrought filks, and fuch due '	proof	made,	and other requifites performed for the fame, not

pnly the two thirds of the fubfidies by this ad direded to be repaid for fuch filks as aforefaid, but alfo the remaining one third of the fame fubfidy, (hall be entirely repaid at the cuftom houfe; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And whereat it is intended, that the yearly fum of /even hundred thoufand pounds )hall be [upplied to his Majejly for the ferw vice of his houjhold and family, and for other his necejjary expences and occafions, out of the hereditary rates ahd duties of exeife upon beer, ale and other liquors, which were granted to the crown in the rtCar. 1. c, *3. twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and out of the ratis and duties of exeife upon beer* ale and other liquors, payable for the term of his Majejly*s life, by an aft of parliament madex and rW.&lA.tt.t. pajfed in the fecond year of the reign of his Majejly and the late c* ?•	^ueen	of	bleffed	memory, after all the tallies charged upon the week-

ly fum of fix tboufand pounds ijfuing out of the faid feverai rates and duties of exeife ? purfuant to an aft of parliament pa fed, in the Jeventb year of his Mqjefifs reign in that behalf and fill remaining un-fatisfied (with the ipterefi thereof) Jball be fully paid off and clear-ed \ and out of the revenue of the general letter office or pofi office* or the office of the pofimafier general, after all the tallies charged upon fhf weekly jum of fix hundred founds, ijfuing out of that revenue x

purfuaqf

7 & 8 W, c. 30.

Digitized by

Google

169S.] Anno nono & decimo GulielMI III. C.24.	151

purfuant to the find aft of parliament for the feventh year of bis	*

fidajefifs reign> and fill remaining unfatisfied, and all the tntereft thereof Jhall be fully paid and difchargedj and out of the fmall branches of his Majeflfs revenues herein after mentioned and exprejfedj that ts to fay, The firjl fruits and tenths' of the clergy; the fines for writs . of covenant and writs of entry payable in the alienation office ; the poft fines ; the revenue of the wine licences; the monies arifing by Jheriffs profers and compofitions in the Exchequer, and by the feizures of un-cuftomed and prohibited goods; the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall, and any other revenue arifing by the rents of lands in England or Wales, or for fines of leafes of the fame* or any of them \ and the duty of four and an half per centum in fpecie, arifmg in Barbadoes and the Leeward ifiands in America; and out of the monies which from and after the commencement of this aft Jhall arife by the further Jubfidies and duties hereby granted; be it therefore further ena&ftd, and it is hereby ena&ed and provided by the authority afore- Iftheaforefaid faid. That if the faid great and fmall branches and revenues j^n^r^ro*‘ herein before mentioned, and out of which the faid yearly fum	I.

of feven hundred thoufand pounds is intended to be lupplied as per annum, aforefaid, and every or any of them, (hall produce in clear money more than the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day of December , which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix . hundred ninety nine, that then the overplus of fuch produce tob^dirpofed (being more than the faid yearly fum of feven hundred thou- of but bypar-fand pounds) fhall not be iflued, difpofed, made ufe of or ap- liament. plied to any ufe or purpofe, or upon any pretext whatfoever, ReP*ded h without the authority of parliament: and that ,all grants and**fa^ ' ** difpofitions whatfoever hereafter to be made of fuch overplus. Grants* there-or any part thereof, from time to time, without the authority of void, of parliament, (ball be utterly void and of none effect; and the and grantee* grantees, or other persons to whom fuch grants or difpofitions, cnimrdicfoine. or any of them, fhall be made, of fuch overplus, or any part y thereof, fhall be adjudged uncapable in law to take, hold, keep, detain or enjoy the fame; any law, cuftom orufage to the contrary notwithfianding.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the enlarging the time for fur chafing certain eftates or interefts in feveral annuities therein mentioned.

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,	•

WE your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons in parliament; aflembled, duly confidering your Majesty’s extraordinary occafions for fupplies of money, do cheerfully and unanimoufly prefent unto^your Majesty a further aid to arife by the contributions herein after mentioned; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful persons hav-10 and for any petfpn pr persons, natives or foreigners, having not .

l< a.	or	*

Digitized by C^ooQle

«5*

ties for life at 141. percent, per anm 6 & 7 W. 3.

may advance for every 1001. &c. 56 1. for changing the Tame into a certain term for the refidue of 96 years, &c. or to take efFeft after the faid eftate for life, j

perfons on payment in-titled to fuch annuities charged on the refpettive funds, &c.

Powers in the aft 6 & V W. 3, c. ^.revived.

Anno nonb & decimp Gitlielmi III. G.24. [1698,

or not having any eftate for one life, of and in any annuity, purchafed or obtained at the rate of one hundred pounds for every fourteen pounds per^annum^ upon the feveral ads of parliament mentioned in an ad made and palled in the parliament which was holden at Weftminfter in the fixth and feVenth years of his Majesty’s reign (intituled, An act for enabling fuch persons as have eftates for life in annuities, payable by feveral former afls therein mentioned^ to pur chafe and obtain further and-more certain inter efts in fuch annuities, and in default thereof for admitting other persons to pur chafe and obtain the fame y for raifing money for carrying on the war againft France) at any time before the first day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to contribute, advance, and pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, fo much money, as every or any fuch annuity, being computed for four years, doth or (nail amount unto (that is to fay) eve-ry fuch person, having or being intitled to fuch eftate for life, (hall or may pay to his Majesty’s ufe, for every one hundred pounds that was paid for the fingle life in any annuity of fourteen pounds per annum, the fum of fix and fifty pounds, for changing or converting the fame into a certain term, for the refidue which (hall be then to come of ninety fix years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, or for an intereft in fuch annuity for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to take efFeft after the faid eftate for life; and every person, not having fuch eftate for life, (hall or may contribute, or pay to his Maje(ty*s ufe, for every hundred pounds that was paid for the fingle life in any fuch annuity of fourteen pounds per annum, the like fum of fix and fifty pounds, for an intereft in fuch annuity, for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to be charged with and fubjeCt to the prefent eftate for life of and in the fame annuities refpeCtively, and in the fame proportion tfyere (hall be paid a rate or confideratiqn for higher or larger annuities ; and that all and every the person and persons, fo paying the confi-deration money as aforefaid, (hall immediately upon payment of their monies be intitled by rhis a6t to fuch annuity or annuities fo to be purchafed, and the fagie (hall be charged upoa fuch refpedive fund or revenue in the faid former a<ft mentioned, as if the confideration money, fo to be contributed or advanced for the fame, had been actually advanced or contributed within the refpeCHve times limited by the faid former a<5h

II.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That all and every the; directions, powers, and claufes in the faid former a<S contained, for or concerning the levying of tallies, the making forth of orders, or for making transferrcnces or affignments, or for the apportioning or \applying the monies arifing by the faid funds or revenues, ‘or any of them, or for appointing, fettling, or eftablilhing any other matter or thing, for or in relation ta the refpeCtive annuities thereby purchafed or obtained, (hall be, and are by force and virtue of this ad revived, and (hall be duly obferved, pradtifed, and put in execution, for and in re-1	~	-	‘	fpedl

Digitized by LjOOQie

*53

169&] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.if.

fpedt of fuch annuities as fhall be purchafed and obtained upon this z&y as fully and effe&ually as if the fame powers, directions, and claufes were here again exprefled and particularly repeated.

III.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, Monies ariflng That all monies which fhall come into the receipt of his Ma- by the faid jetty’s Exchequer of or for the faid contributions, for Further or contributions more certain eftates in the faid annuities to be purchafed as a- how aopro-forefaid, fhall be iflued and applied, and the fame are hereby pna appropriated, towards the payment and fatisfadlion of the offreckonings of his Majesty's army, for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven : and that out of the fame the persons concerned in clothing of tfie^ army for the year aforefeid, be paid fo much as is due to them or any of them for fuch clothing, that i$ chargeablp upon the off-reckonings of the faid year,

CAP. XXV.

An act for granting to bis Majesty, Jots heirs and fucceffors% further duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper.

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,	\

WE your Majesty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the 9 w. 3. c. 444 commons in parliament aflembled, being defirous to jGeo.i.c.ao, raife fuch aids and fupplies as may be proportionable to your4G«°*»*c.?* Majesty’s great and. extraordinary occafions, do humbly prefent your Majesty with the free gift of the further rates and duties herein after mentioned ; and do befeech your Majesty that it may be ena&ed 5 and be it enalted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tuai and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of From 1 Aug. Auguft, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred nine- 1698. for ever ty eight, there fhall be throughout the kingdom of England, do- JhaUbepaidto minion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, col-	hu

lefted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for	1

ever, for the feveral and refpedtive things herein after mentioned, which fhall be written or ingroffed at anv time or times after the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufana fix hundred ninety eight (over and above the rates and duties, and fums of mo- over and above ney, now due and payable to his Majesty, or to any person or the fums now persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfocver for the fame) payable, the the feveral ^nd rcfpe&ive rates, impofitipns, duties, charges, duties follows, and fums of money herein after exprefled, in manner and form V1Z* following (that is to fay)

II.	For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, on which Grants or let-any grants of letters patents under the great feal of England, or *5rs P*tent8> the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajler, of any ho- ^ Apiece* nour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty, or privilege, to F * any person or'perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplifications of the feme, fhall be ingrofled or written (commiflions of rebellion in procefs always excepted) the (urn of forty (hillings.	‘

in. ^

Digitized by

Google

154	Anno	aono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 25. [1698.

Pardons, &c. III. For every (kin or piece of vellum, parchment, or (heet (except New- Df paper, on which any pardon (except the general circuits, and &c.) % s.°per	Newgatey	pardon) of or for any crime or offence, or of any fum

(kin. *	of money	or forfeiture whatfoever, or on which any warrant of

reprieve, or relaxation from any fines, corporal puniftunents, or other forfeiture, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings.

Grant of mo- IV. For every (kin of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, ney, Sec. 40 %. upon which any grant from hit Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, per (kin or	Gf any fum 0f money exceeding one hundred pounds, which

ect‘	(hall pafs	the great feal, or privy feal (not dire&ed to the great

feal) (nail be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings. Grant of of- V. For every (kin of vellum or parchment, or for every fice or em- (heet of paper, upon which any grant of any office or employ-Payment a- ment, which (hall be above the vdue of fifty pounds per annum,, annC 5o s PCF	wr^tten or ingrofled, the fum of forty (hillings,

and oHands VI. For every (kin of vellum or parchment, on which any in fee, &c.	grant of lands in fee, leafe for years, or other grant of profit,

under the	not herein particularly charged, that (hall pafs the great feal of

great feal. Sec. £ngian(iy the feal of the Exchequer, the feal of the duchy or 40	county palatine of Lancafter, or the privy feal (not dire&ed tar

the great feal) (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings.

Prefentation Vll. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or or donation, (heet of paper, upon which any prefentation or donation which See. 40 s. fljaj] pafs the great feal of England, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbifliop, or other bilhop, or any prefentation or aonation to be made by any patron whatfoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of Provilo.	forty (hillings; provided fuch benefice, dignity, or promotion

be of the yearly value of ten pounds or above in the King’s books.

Difpenfation VIII. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or to hold two (heet or piece of paper, on which any difpenfation to hold two benefices, 40 3. ecclefiaftical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other difpenfation or faculty from the lord arch-biftiop of Canterbury, or the mafter of the faculties for the time being, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings. Admittance to IX. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, (heet jfeliowfliip, or or piece of paper, upon which admittance of any fellow of the attorney. See. college of phyficians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, proc-4°8*	tor, notary, or other offices* or officers in any court whatfoever,

lhali be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings.

Annual of- X. Provided, That this a<ft (hall not be extended to charge, ficers in cor- with the duty laft mentioned, any annual officer in any corpo-porationsj &c. ration or inferior court, whofe office is under the value of ten exempted, pOUnds per annum, in falaries, fees, or other perquifites, but the faid annual officer is hereby exempted and difeharged from the faid duty.

Appeal from	F0? $vc7 or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1698.3 Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.25.	155

of paper, upon which any appeal from the court of admiralty*admiraJU arches, or the prerogative courts of Canterbury or York, (hall be ^,sarches> &C' ingrofled or written* the fum of forty (hillings.	40 *

XII.	For every (kin of vellum or parchment, upon which Exemplifica-any exemplification, of what nature foever, that (hall pals the tion, 5 s. feal of any court whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, the

fum of five (hillings.	’

XIII.	For every (kin of vellum or parchment, or (heet of Decree in paper, upon which any decree or difmiffion, made by or in the Chancery,Ek-court of Chancery, Exchequer, court of the county palatine or chequer, &c. duchy of Lancajiery courts of the counties palatine of Chejier,

Durham, or other court of equity whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence.

XIV.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Inftitution or {heet of paper, upon which any inftitution or licence that (hall j|?5ncc, uIld.er pafs the feal of any archbilhop or biftiop, chancellor, or other ^lop8s fca^ ordinary, or any ecclefiaftical court whatfoever, (hall be ingroflf- ' 5

ed or written, the (urn of five (hillings.

XV.	For every {kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet writ of error* of paper, upon which any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal Certiorari, (except to the delegates) (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum &c* 5 s*

of five (hillings.

XVI.	For every (kin or piece of vellum, parchment, or Signfeavit,

(heet of paper, upon which any fignificavit pro corporis delibera-	5	»•

ticme (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings.

XVII.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Sentence in (heet or pie^e of paper, upon which any fentence that (hall be ^ admiralty, given in the court of the lord high admiral of England, or the ‘ 5 cinque ports exercifing admiralty jurifdi&ion, or upon any attachment that (hall be made out of any of the (aid courts of admiralty, or any relaxation of any fuch attachment, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings.

XVIII.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Letters of

(heet or piece of paper, upon which any letters of mart (hall be mart» 5 s* ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings.	f	*

XIX.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or i>robates of

piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of wills, adminU adminiftration, for any eftate above the value of twenty pounds, ftrations, &c. (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings.	5	s*

XX.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, (heet Recogni-

or piece of paper, upon which any recognizance, ftatute ftaple, zance, ftatute or ftatute merchant, (hall be ingrofled or written, or entred offtaple> &c. 5 s. record in any court or office, the fum of five (hillings.

XXI.	For any (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon Kifi priys or. which any record of Nift prius or Pojlea (hall be ingrofled or Poftea% »s. 6 d. yrritten, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

XXII.	For every (kin or piece of vellum of parchment, or Judgment 2 s. paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled or written any judgment 6 d. whatfoever, which (hall be figned by the matter of any office,

or his deputy or fecondary, or by any prothonotary or his fe-fo/idary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of

*	th<*

Digitized by

EcclefiafHcal commiflion, &c. xs. 6d.

156	Anno	nono	&dedmo	Gulmlmi	III.	c.25.	[169&

the courts at fPeJlminftery who have power, or ufually doth or (hall fign judgments, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

XXIII.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any commiflion Wiling out of any ecclefiaftical court, not herein otherwife particularly charged, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

Admiralty or XXIV. For1 every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or warrantorde- ^leet P3^1*? upon which any warrant, monition, or perfonal crce, or bene-" decree, in any court of admiralty, or the cinque ports, (hall be ficiai warrant, ingrofled or written, or upon which any beneficial warrant or &c. 1 s. $ d. order under the fign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors (except warrants or orders for the fervice of the navy, army, and ordnance) (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

Special bail or XXV. For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper upon appearance, which any fpecial bail to be taken in any of the courts at JVeJl-* *•	minjler, or before any of the judges or the faid courts, or in

any other court whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, and *	for every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, upon which

(hall be ingrofled or written any appearance upon fuch fpecial bail, the fum of one (hilling, ten, anfr^r, XXVI. For every (kin or piece of velluin or parchment, up-repfication/ on which (hall be ingrofled or written any bill, anfwer, replicate. 1 s. tion, rejoinder, interrogatories, depofitions taken by commiflion, or any other pleadings whatfoever, in the courts qt Chancery, Ex* chequer, duchy court, and county palatine courts, or other courts of equity, the fum of one (hilling.

Admiffion &c. XXVII. For every (kin or pice of vellum or parchment, and 1 u * for every (heet or piece of paper, upon which any admiffion into any corporation or company, or any matriculation in either of the two univerfities, or any admiflion into any of the inns of court, or inns of chancery, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of one (hilling.

Affidavit 6 d. XXVIII. For every piece of parchment or paper, upon which Exception, any affidavit (hall be ingrofled or written (except affidavits taken purfuant to feveral adts made in the thirtieth and two and thirtieth years of the reign of King Ckarlei the Second, for burying in woollen; and except fuch affidavits as (hall be taken before the officers of the cuftoms, or any juftice or juftices of the peace, or before any commiflioners appointed or to be appointed by any adt of parliament for the aflfefllng and levying any aids or duties granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, and which affidavits (hall be taken by the faid officers of the cuftoms, juftices or commiflioners, by virtue of their authority as juftices of the peace or comnfiffioners re-fpedtively, and not otherwife) the fum of fix pence, popyofaffida- XXIX. For every piece of parchment or paper, upon which Vit filed, &c. any COpy 0f fuch affidavit, as is herein before charged, that (hall be filed or read in any court whatfoever, (h?U be mgrofled or written, the (m	—	A	.

Digitized-by Google

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Guuelmi III. c.25.	157	'

XXX.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment. Indenture,

or flieet of paper, upon which (hall be written or ingrofled any lea*c>6 d#t indenture, kafe, or deed poll, not hereby otherwife chargea, the fum of fix pence j except indentures for binding poor parifti Exception, children apprentices.

XXXI.	For every piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of original writ, paper, upon which any original writ (except fuch original on Sulfanot bo. which a writ of Capias iffues) Subpoena, bill of Middkfex, Lati- 6 d.

tat^ writ of Capias, £>uo Minus^ writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to take anfwers, examine witnefles, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatfoever, or any other procefs or mandate that (hall iffiie out or pafs the feals of any the courts at JFeJiminJler> courts of the great feffions in Walesy courts in counties palatine, or any other court whatfoever, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (hall be ingrofled or written (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for fuffering common recoveries* and writs of Habeas Corpus alway excepted) the fum of fix pence.

XXXII.	For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, up- Entiy of aeon which any entry or any action in the mayor's and (heriffs Pon in mayor* courts of London, and in courts in all corporations, and other court| 6 courts whatfoever, out of which no writs, procefs or mandates

iflue, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or above, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence.

XXXIII.	For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, Common bail upon which any common bail to be filed in any court whatfoe- orappearance, ver, and upon which any appearance that (hall be made upon 6 d.

fuch bail (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence: which appearance or common bail the defendant (hall caufe to be entred or filed within eight days after the day upon which the procefs on which the defendant is arrefted (hall be returnable, upon penalty of five pounds to be paid to the plaintiff, for which the court (hall immediately award judgment, whereupon the plaintiff may take put execution.

XXXIV.	For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper. Rule of court, upon which any rule or order made or given in any the courts 6

at Weflminjler, either courts at law or equity, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence.

XXXV.	For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, up-c0pyi$<j# on which any copy pf fuch rules or orders entred, or the copies *

of any other records or proceedings in any of the faid courts at Wejtminfter, not hereby otherwife charged, (hajl be ingrofled pr written, the fum of fix pence.

XXXVI.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Ecclefiaftical (heet of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled or written any ci- P1 jn^iong^ tation or monition made in any ecclefiaftical court, or any libelbe 9 c*

or allegation, depofition, anfwer, fentence or final decree, or any inventory exhibited in any ecclefiaftical court, the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports, or whereupon any copies of them Copy, &c, 64<

refpec-

Digitized by

Declaration, plea, &c. x d.

Copy, x d.

Depofitions in Chancery, &c. id.

Exceptions.

Copy of will,

i d.

158	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.25, [169?.

refpectively (hall be ingrofled or written, the fuffi of fix pence. Charterparty, XXXVII. For every fldn or piece of vellum or parchment, or policy of affu. fteet of paper, upon which any charter party, policy of aflur-ranee, *e. a. ance^ paflport5 bond, releafe, contract or other obligatory in-ftrument, or any proteft, procuration, letter of attorney, or any other notarial act whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence.

XXXVIII.	For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer or other pleadings whatfoever, in any court of law, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of one penny.

XXXIX.	And for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any copy thereof (hall be written or ingrofled, the fum of one penny.

XL. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any depofitions taken in the court of Chancery, or other court of equity (except the paper draughts of depofitions, taken by virtue of any commiflion, before they are ingrofled (which are not herein before charged, or upon which any copy of any bill, anfwer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depofitions or other proceedings whatfoever, in any court of equity, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of one penny.

XLI. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which a copy of any will (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of one penny.

XLII. And for preventing abufes committed by arrefting per-fons without any writ or legal procefs to juftify the fame, by means whereof the duty hereby given for ever to the crown up-Officer to date on fuch procefs will be loft; be it enacted by the authority afore-writ of arreft 5 faid. That from and after the faid first day of Augufl, one thou-fand fix hundred ninety eight, every officer or clerk belonging, or which (hall hereafter belong, to the court of Kings Bench, and enter the Common Pleas or Exchequer, who (hall fign any writ or procefs Penalt on of before judgment, to arreft any person or perfons-thereupon, (hall, ficeriiegteft-"at %ning thereof, fet down upon fuch writ or procefs, the day and year of his figning the fame, which (hall be entred upon the remembrance, or in the book where the abftract of fuch Vvrit or procefs (hall be entred ; upon pain to forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of fuch officer or clerk aforefaid, to be recovered by any person who (hall fue for the fame, in any court of record of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no wager of law, protection or efloin, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

Particulars not XLIII. Provided always, That this act or any thing therein to be charged, contained (hall not extend to charge with the faid duties, or any of them, any bills of exchange, accounts, bills of parcel, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (not fealed) for payment of any money at fight, or upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment.	-	•	%

XLIV. Pro-

Wg,

By 6 Geo. i. c« xi. f. ^4*.

Warrants on writs are to have the fame year and day fet down as on the writ.

1698.] Anrfo noito & decimo Gullelmi III. c.25.	1^9

XLIV. Provided, That nothing in this ad contained {hall extend to charge with the faid duties, or any of them, the prow bate of any will, or letters of admihiftration, of any common feaman or foldier, who (hall be flam or die in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, a certificate being produced from the captain of the (hip or veflcl, or captain of the troop or company, under whom fuch feaman or foldier ferved at the time of his death, and oath made of the truth thereof, before the proper judge or officer, by whom fuch probate or adminiftration ought to be granted; which oath fuch judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and for which no fee or reward (hall be taken,

XLV. Provided alfo. That this ad, or any daufe therein contained, fhall not be conftrued to charge with any duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before, any iuftice or juftices of the peace, or any furrender of any copyhold eftate, or copies pf fuch eftate, or any proceedings of any court martial, which relate to any trial of any common foldier; or any orders, decrees or proceedings before any commiffioners of fewers, or in the court of ftannaries; but fuch warrants, recognizances, furrenders, copies, orders, decrees and proceedings, fhall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties before mentioned in this ad.

XLVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded and declared Sea oncers t® by the authority aforefaid, That the officers at fea fhall by this thei^Jje ad pay the fame duty for their ftamps that the officers of the ar-my at land pay by this ad, and no more upon the fame ad only ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL V II. And it is hereby declared. That all the duties by this Duties re-ad granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, fhall never- deemable by thelefs be fubjed and liable to fuch condition and power of re- parliament, demption by parliament, as by any ad of this fefiion is or fhall be declared and provided.

- XLVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That for the better and more effedual levying, colleding and paying unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the feve-ral and refpedive duties hereby granted for or upon ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer of England for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint fuch persons as they fhall think fit, to be commiffioners, or officers for the ftamping and marking of parchment, vellum and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, purfuant to this ad; and that the commiffioners fp to Coramiflloiu be appointed, fhall keep their head office in fome convenient «■* place within the cities of London or Weftmtnjier 5 and filch com- Headofficeto miflioners, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered, be kept in under their hands and feals, to appoint fuch other inferior offi- London or cers for the marking or ftamping of vellum, parchment and pa- Weftminfter. per, or fqr the better colleding or levying tjie duties hereby *^nor ofll*

granted c

i So Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.45. [1698;

glinted to his Majesty* his heirs and fucceflors, as they in their diferetion (hall think fit; and the fame commhfioners (hall provide from time to time marks or ftamps proper for the marking and (lamping of vellum, parchment and paper, according to Which marks or ftamps the King’s duties ought to be paid. J&6W.&M XLIX. And whereas fuch or the tike duties as are by this aft J **•	charged for ever upon the feveral Jkins9 Jbeets or pieces of vellum,

c. ao! f£ Parchment and paper, herein before enumerated or mentioned, are alfo *,1# charged upon and payable for the fame refpeftively, until the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, by feveral former alts of parliament in that behalf 5 fo that in effeft the duties (as to jfkins,jbeets or pieces of vellum, parchment and paper in this aft before . particularly exprejfed) are doubled until the faidfirfi day of Auguft, one thoufand Jtven hundred and fix» but the find duties by the faid former afts, and tbofe by this thereupon, are appropriated or applicable to different purpofesy fo that it is necejfary to have difiinft accounts kept of the fame: now for the better fecuring his Majesty’s dues, and for diftinguiftiing of fuch (kins, (heets or pieces of vellum, parchment and paper as are doubly charged as aforefaid, from thofe which remain liable only to the (ingle duties on the faid former alts; and to the intent that the faid duties arifing upon this and the faid former alts, upon vellum, parchment, and paper, may be ifliied and applied to the refpeltive ufes to which they are feverally appropriated or intended ; be it further enad-After iAu- ed by the authority aforefaid, That all vellum, parchment, and guft, 1698. paper, herein before charged, and whereof the duties are here-veu7mkparch- by intended to be doubled for a time, as aforefaid, (hall, before ment, or (beet any of the matters or things herein before mentioned to be thereof paper, &c. upon ingroffed or written (fuch writing or ingrofling being after to be {lamped the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, marks'*** an<* ^>e^)rc	^	day	of	Augufi, one thoufand feven hun-

Vellum, &c. dred and fix) be first brought to the head office for the faid du-onceftamped, ties, to be (lamped and marked with two marks or impreffions to be (tamped (that is to fay) every fuch (kin, (heet, or piece of vellum, parch-marlu *eCon* ment, and paper, having one mark or (lamp fet thereupon, pur-fuant to the faid former alls, or any of them, before the writing or ingrofling any of the matters or things as aforefaid thereupon, (hall be brought to the faid office, to be (lamped with a fecond mark or impreflion of the fame kind; and every (kin, (heet, or piece of vellum, parchment, of paper, having not been damped or maked with a (ingle damp or mark, 4>urfuant to the faid former alls, or any of them, (hall, before the writing or ingrofling any of the matters or things as aforefaid thereupon, till the faid first day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, be brought to the faid office, to receive two feveral marks or im-preflions of the fame kind; of all which double marks or im-preflions the one (hall denote the duty by the faid former alls, or fome of them, and the other the duty by this prefent alt thereupon : except fuch (kins, (heets, or pieces of vellum, parch- • Except fuch as went, and paper, which do (till remain liable only to the (ingle are liable only duties on the faid former alls, during the terms thereby granted.

i%8.] AnAo nono it dedmo Guliblmi III. c. *5.	ttit

*d, and are to have only a Angle mark or ftamp, according to to (ingle duty, rile directions of the faid former ads, namely,	viz*

L. Every (kin or piece of vellum, parchment* or (heet of Circuit or paper, upon which any general circuit or Newgate pardon (hall Newgate par-be ingrafted or written, liable only to the Angle duty of forty doil*

(hillings by the faid foririer ad$»

LI. Every (kin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or (heet, Certificate of or piece of paper, upon which any regifter, entry, teftimonial, degree in the or certificate of any degree, taken in either of the two univerA- univerfities* ties, or four inns of court, (hall be ingrofled or written (the regifter or entry of the degree of any batchelor of arts being al- Except bat* ways excepted) for which (kins, pieces, or fheets refpedively, chelorof , a duty of forty (hillings is payable by the faid former ads only,arts-during the continuance thereof.

• LII. Every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of Conveyance paper, upon which an/conveyance, furrender of grants or offices, releafe, or other deed whatfoever, (hall be inrolled of record iHofiwes^^cT any of the courts at Weflminjier, or in any other court of record * whatfoever, or by any Cuftos Rotulorum, or clerk of the peace,

(hall be ingroifed or written, whereof the duty payable, as afore-faid, by the faid farmer ads, is five (hilling**

LIII. Every (kin or piece of vellum, parchment, or (heet, or Marriage 11-piece of paper, upon which any licence for, or certificate of mar- cence. riage, (hall be ingrofled or written, which are to be liable only to a duty of five (hillings by the faid former ads.

LIV. Every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any Writ of cove* writ of covenant for Jevying of fines (hall be ingrofled or written, nant* ' whereof the duty remaining upon the faid former ads is five (hillings.

LV. Every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any Writ of entry Writ of entry, for fuffermg a common recovery, (hall be inerofl!-ed or written, which is fubjed to the like nngle duty of five shillings.

LVL Every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any writ of Habeas Corpus (hall be ingraft- Habeas Corpm. ed or written, which is alfo liable to the (ingle duty of five (hillings.	/

LVII. All which matters arid things, fo liable only to the faid (ingle duties, until the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufend fe* ven hundred and fix, mall be marked and ftamped only with ax Angle mark or (lamp, according to the faid former ads ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII!. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- Allvellum,&c. forefaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, herein before before written, charged, (hall before any of the matters or things herein before be ftamP* mentioned be thereupon ingrofled or written (fuch writing mgroffing being after the laft day of Ju!yy one thou fand feven hundred and fix) be first brought to the head office for the faid duties to be ftamped and marked w'ith otie mark or impreflion •for the refpedive duties by this ad payable to his Majefly, his heirs and/ucceffors, forever.

Vol. X.	M	UXl.	And

Digitized by Dogle

Stamp a dif-charge for payment.

Penalty on

fore damped, Sec,

162	Anno nono & dccimo GulIelMi III. c.2g< [1698.

Commifllon-	LIX. And it is hereby further enadled, That the chief com-

ersreqmredt0 mifliorrers for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment, and pa-lum,Parc. pay- Per* themfelves, or by their officers employed under them, ing the duties, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, to (lamp or mark, as this adt diredts, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, he or they paying to fuch officer or officers, as (hall be appointed in that behalf, the refpedtive duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors for the fame, without any other fee or reward, and without delay; which (lamp or mark (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the feveral and refpedtive duties by this adt payable for the faid vellum, parchjpent, or paper, which (hall be fo (lamped or

_____J „„ marked ; and if any person or persons (hall ingrofs or write, or

per Con ingroff- caufe to be ingrofled or written, upon any vellum, parchment, uig vellum be- or paper? any Qf the matters or things for which the faid vellum, parchment, or paper ought to have a double or Angle (lamp or mark, as aforefaid, before fuch time as the faid vellum, parchment, or paper (hall be marked or (lamped with fuch double or Angle mark or (tamp (as the cafe requires) or upon which there (hall not be fome double or Angle marks or (lamps (as the cafe (hall require) refembling the fame, or (hall ingrofs or write, or caufe to be ingrofled or written, any matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or (lamped for any lower duty or duties, than the duty or duties by th^s and the faid former adts, or either of them, payable for what (hall be fo ingrofled or written, fuch person fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds (befides cods of fuit) one moiety of which penalty of ten pounds (hall be to the King, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will inform or fue for the fame, in any court of record, by . adtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, protedlion, wager of law, or more than oneim-Penalty on of- parlance, (hall be allowed; and in cafe any clerk, officer, or Acerin any person, who in refpedt of any publick office or employment is of pabhek office jj^jj be jntitled or intruded to make, ingrofs, or write any records, deeds, indrurpents, or writings, charged to pay a duty or duties, as aforefaid, (hall be guilty of any fraud or pradtice to deceive his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, of any duty by this or any of the faid former adls payable, by making, in-grofling, or writing any fuch record, deed, indrument, or writing, or cauflng the fame to be made, ingrofled, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped according to this adt, or upon which there (hall not be fome damp or damps refembling the fame, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped with any mark or damp which he (hall know to be counterfeited, or by ingrofling or writing any fuch deed, indrument or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or damped for a lower du-

2, as aforefaid ; that then every fuch clerk, officer, or person, guilty of any fuejh fraud or pradtice, an<J being thereof lawfully

or marked with a lower duty.

;uilty of fuch

t

1698*] Anno nono & dfcrimo GtfLlEtMl III. €.254	163

ly cortvided, (hall (over and above the penalty aforefaid) forfeit his office, place* or employment refpedively, and be difabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future \ and if any attorney Penalty bn belonging to any court whatfoever, (hall be guilty of any fuch attorney, fraud or pradice, a? aforefaid, and be convided thereof, he (hall be difabled for the future to pradife as an attorney : and if any Penalty on deed, inftrument, or writing whatfoever, by this ad intended *ny othcr P*** to be (lamped, as aforefaid, (hall, contrary to the true intent lon,*Ci and meaning thereof, be written or ingrofied by any person or persons whatfoever (not being a known clerk or officer, who in refpedt of any publick office or employment is 6r (hall be in- , titoled to the making, Writing, or ingroffing the fame). upon vellum, parchment, or paper, riot marked or damped* or not doubly (lamped (as the cafe may require) according to this adt, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped for a lower duty, as aforefaid \ that then and in every fuch cafe* there (hall be due, anfwered, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, (over and above the duty aforefaid) for every fuch deed, inftrument, or writing, the fum of ten pounds * and that rf* filch re-no fuch record, deed, inftrument, or writing, (hall be pleaded cord, deed, or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to good in be good, ufeful, or available in law or equity, until as well the and^enad* faid duty, as the faid fum of ten pounds, (hall be first paid to ty be paid, the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand or hands of fome of the officers which ft)all be appointed to receive the duties above men-tioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which / fuch deed, inftrument, or writing, (hall be written or made, /

(hall be marked or (lamped with a lawful mark or (lamp, or and deed* with double marks or (lamps, according to this ad; and the (lamped, &c. proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duty, and the fum of ten pounds unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark or (lamp, or double mark or (lamp, the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or (lamp that (hall be proper for fuch deed, inftrument, or writing refpedively. And if person coun-any person or persons whatfoever (hall, at any time or times here- terfeiting after, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or mark to refemble any ftafPP>

(lamp or mark which (hall be provided, made, or ufed in pur- ny*/c° e °" fuance of this ad, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion Explained by of the fame, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, thereby to <Je- 6 Geo. x. c.n, fraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any the faid duties 6°m upon vellum, parchment, or paper, or (hall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, with fuch counterfeit mark or marks thereupon, knowing fuch mark or marks to be counterfeit ; then every fuch person fo offending, being thereof con-vided in due form of law, (hall be judged a felon, and (hall fuffier death, as in cafes of felony, without the benefit of clergy.

LX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Comniiffion-That the commiflloners for the faid duties on vellum, parch- ers may ap-ment, and paper, from time to time, (hall and may appoint a Point a Pef‘

M2	fit(on to “1

Digitized by Google

164

iii any court or office to take notice of ftieftanlps,&c, Judges to make orders, *c-

Ctmmiffion-ers and officers to take the following oath.

Anno nono & detimo GOUElMft III. c. 25. [1698.

fit person to attend in any court or office, to take notice of Ac vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any the matters or things aforefaid (hall be ingrofled, written, or put, and of the marks or (lamps thereupon, and of all other matters and things tending to fecure the faid duties; and that the judges m the feveral courts, and fuch others to whom it m&y appertain, at the requeft or requefts of fuch commiffioners, or of any two or more of them, (hall make fuch orders in the refpe&ive courts, arid do fuch other matters, and things, for the better fecuring the faid duties under their charge, as (hall be lawfully and reafonably de-fired in that behalfand that every person who (hall be commit donated, as aforefaid, and every person to be employed by or under them, for the marking or damping of vellum* parchment, or paper, as aforefaid, before his acting in the marking or damp* ing of the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall take the oath following 5 that is to fay.

1A. R do fooeary That I willfaithfully execute the truft repofed in me, purfuatit to the ait of parliament for the further or additional duties upon ftampei vellum, parchment, and papery without fraud or concealmenty and Jhall from time to time true account make of my doings y and deliver the fame to fuch person or persons as his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccejforsy Jhall appoint to receive fuch account, and Jhall tab no feey reward or profit, for the execution or performance of the faid trufty or the hifinefs relating tbereuntOy from any perfims, other than fuch as Jhall be paid or allowed by his Majefiyy his heirs or fuccejforsy or by the commiffioners of his Majeftfs treafuryy or any three or tmrt of them now being, or by the treasurer of the Exchequer, or three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being.

Oath how to be adminif-tred.

Commiffion-ert, &c. to ob-ferve the di-reftions of the treafury.

and fumifh the (everal parts of the kingdom with

LXI. Which oath (hall, and may be admioidred to fuch com* miflioner or commiffioners, by any three or more of the fame commiffioners, which (hall be appointed as aforefaid \ and arty of the faid commiffioners (hall and may adminider the like oath (mutatis mutandis) to fuch fub-commiffipners, or other perfohs, which (hall be employed under them in the faid bulinefs of marking or damping.

LXII. And be it enabled, That the chief commiffioners or officers fo to be appointed, and all fub-commiffioners and officers to be employed or intruded by or under them as aforefaid, in relation to the faid duties on parchment, vellum and paper, (hall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their feveral places and trufts, obferve and perform fuch rules, methods and orders as they refpe&ively (hall, from time to time receive from the faid commiffioners of the treafury, now being, or from the treafurer of the Exchequer, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them •, aqd that the chief commiffioners fo to be appointed, (hall take e^cial care, that the feveral parts of this kingdom, and the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall from time to time be fufficiently fymifhed with vellum, parchment

Digitized by v^ooQle

x6^8.J Anno o & decimo Gulirlmi III. c. 25.	165

and paper, (lamped and marked as aforefaid, fo as the fubjeCU damped vel. of ius Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, may have it in their ‘um» ^ election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the faid comn^iflioners, at the ufual or moft common rates above the faid duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment or paper to be ftamped, as aforefaid, or to furnifh them-felves or others that fhall have done the fame.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCled, Pcrfon fuing That none of the rates, impofitions, or fums of money, m>9nin formapau-vellum, parchment or paper, before in this a& expreffed, mall^“'to he raffed, levied, collected or paid or payable unto his Majesty, pay ttty\ his heirs or fucceffors, by virtue of this aCt, by any person or per/ons that (hall be admitted to fue or defend in forma pauperis,

LXJV. And-to the end his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, may not he defrauded of any of the faid duties upon vellum. All records, parchment and paper; be it enaCted, That all records, writs. wrks,&e. to pleadings or other proceedings in courts of law and equity, and ufuajf^” ** aU	inftmm$a$s	and	writings	whajtfoever,	hereby	charged,

(halj be ingrafted and written in fuch manner as they have been u&aJly accuftomed to be written and are now written.

, hXV. Provided always^ and be it further enabled. That as In cafe the pftea a* his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall think fit .to damps beal- . alter or renew the laid marks or (lamps, or any of them, it /hall *er. ’ bp lawful for all persons who (hall at that time have in their edvelfunfj&c! cufiody or pofteffion any vellum, parchment or paper, marked by them not * wrUi the (lamp or damps* which (hall be fo altered or renewed, ingrofled, in and upon which uone of the matters or things hereby charged 60 d*y* af!ter (hall be ingrqflfed or written, at any time within the fpace of may bringthe flxty days after fuch intention of renewing or altering (hall be fame to the puhtifhed by proclamation, to bring or fend fuch vellum, parch- head office in meat or paper, unto the faid commiffioners, to the head office London, and in London or Wejiminjier^ or to fuch other officers as (hall be appointed in that behalf; and the faid commiffioners and offi- them the like cers refpeCtively, are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be quantity new delivered, unto the feveral persons who (hall fo bring and de- damped, *c. Jiver any quantity of vellum, parchment or paper, the like quan- wlthout tcc# tity of vellum, parchment or paper, and as good in quality, damped with fuch new damp or (lamps, without demanding or taking, dire&ly or indirectly for the feme any fum of money or qther confideration whatfoever, under the penalty of forfeiture Penalty, for every offence one hundred pounds, to be fued for, recovered and divided in fuch manner as the other penalties in this aCl, relating to the duties of vellum* parchment and paper, are directed to be fued for, recovered and divided : and in cafe any stamped vel-perfon (hall negleCt or refufe within the time aforefaid, to bring lum, ftc. not or caufe to be brought unto the faid commiffioners or officers as ,br(™ght with-aforefaid, any fuch vellum, parchment or paper, the fame is deGlare^u^-hereby declared to be of 410 other effect or ufe, than if it had iefs. never been ftamped; and that all matters or things which (hall Matters in-after that time be ingrofled or writtem thereon, mall be of no grofled there-otber effect, than if they had been ingrofled or written on vel- effea. °* n°

M3	lum,

Digiti;

Commiflion-

&c\ and inci-dept charges.

166	Anno nono & decimo GULlELMf III; C. 25.	[1698,

lum, parchment or paper not parked or ftamped at all; and fill persons who (hall ingrofs or write any the matters or things nereby Charged on fuch vellum, parchment or paper after the faid time, (hall forfeit and fijffer as herein before is enaCted for peifons writing or ingroffing on vellum, parchment or paper, not marked or ftamped,

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That It (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, or to or,for the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or to b<» paid out more of them, or the treafurer of the Exchequer for the time of the duties. being, out of the duties arifing by this a<ft, for or upon ftamped vellum, parchment or paper, to caufe fuch fum and fums of money to be expended and paid from time to time, for falaries and other incident charges, as (hall be neceflary in and for the receiving, collecting, feeing or managing of the fame duties by 3	this	aCt	granted; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.	ti

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted,'That as often as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, (hall think fit to alter the faid ftamps or any of them, that the proclamation; which is hereby intended to be made for giving to all persons due notice thereof, (hall within twenty days after thexlate thereof, be fent to th£ mayor, chief magiftrate or other head oflficer pf etfdry tfty, corporation, borough and market town, throughput the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales.) arid town of Berwick upon Tweed \ which officers refpeCtively ftiall caufe the fame td be publifhed to the inhabitants of fuch city, corpora- , ^au/e jhe fame tion ortoton, either bn the next market day, or next Sunday, in cd ^kcPUbl,fll" the church immediately after the time of divine fervice, upon Upderpenalty,	°f forfeiting the mm of two hundred pounds, to be hied

. For by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record at Weftminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, .wager of '	'	law,	privilege,	nor	more	than	one imparlance, fhall be granted

or allowed; the one moiety of which forfeiture to be to his Majesty, the other moiety to fuch person who (hall fue for the fame.

^ LXVIII. And for the better diftribution of the faid vellum, parchment and paper, and that the fubjeCts may have the Came with more coriveniency and at an ea(y rate; be it enaCted by' the authority aforefaid. That the lord high treafurer of Englahd% or commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, (hall once in every year, at lean, fet the prices of all forts of ftamped vellum, parchment and paper, that it (hall be fold at; and that the faid commiflioners for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall (lamp the faid price fo fet, upori every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, fb by them to be fold; and that the faid commiflioners (hall likewife allow and pay to every person who (hall bring vellum, parchment or paper to be ftamped (the duty whereof (hall amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards) after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for thrc#

* * '	  months.

Proclamation for altering the ftamps to be fent to the mayor, &c. of every corporation, &c.

Who (hall

Treafury once a year to fet the prices on ftamped vellum, *c.H

The price to be ftamped 1 thereon.

Digitized by kjOOQle

16g8.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C. 26.	1

months, upon prefent payment of the faid duty upon the faid Allowance on yellum, parchment and paper, fo by them brought, over and prompt pay-above the like allowance upon the fame quantity by the faid for- ment# frier afts; and that any persons that (hall buy of the faid com-miflioners or their agents, vellum, parchment or paper, the duty whereof amounts to the like fum of ten pounds or upwards, lhall have the fame allowance.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to charge any letters patents for collefting charitable Briefs not, benevolence, commonly called Briefs, with the duty therein mentioned, or,to make it neceffary that fuch briefs (hould be a^tiesty doubly damped, any thing herein contained to the contrary in +Gio,%.	9,

any wife notwithdanding.	< v	.	t

*	CAP.	XXVI.

An act to  fettle the trade to Africa.

WHEREAS^* trade to Africa is highly beneficial and ad-* vantageous to this kingdom, and to the plantations and colonies thereunto belonging: and whereas forts and cafiles are undoubtedly neceffary for the prefervation and well carrying on the faid trade : and whereas the forts and cafiles now on the faid coafi of Africa have been9 and now are9 maintained at the foie cofi and charge of the frefent royal African company of England: towards which charge it is mofi reafonable that all persons trading to fuch parts of the	'

faid coafi of Africa, as are herein after limited and appointed, jhould contribute j be it therefore enafted, (sfc.

Royal African company (hall maintain, See. all their forts, caftles, &c. and (upply the fame with men, artillery, See. King’s fubjetts as well as the EXP, faid company may trade to Africa, between Cape Mount and the Cape of Good Hope, paying iol.per cent. &c. Matter, &c. (hail enter his name and (hip, &c. 15 days before cleared from port. Owner or exporter to make entry of goods (hipped oij oath, fign the entry, and pay the duty, tec. Matter, &c. to take an oath. On exportation of merchandizes from \ the colonies. See. in America to Africa, exporter to fwear that fuch mer- 1 chandize was imported there from England. Matter and one of the own- * ers to give bond, See. for (hips failing to Africa, See. Officers of the cuftom houfe to take fuch bonds, and keep diitinft entries, &c. Company to have a duplicate of fuch entries, Scc. Officer to pay the fum received aedu&ing 5I. percent. Subjetts of England may trade to Africa between Cap*.

Blancho and Cape Mount, paying 10I. per cent, for goods exported, and 101. per cent, on all goods, Sec. imported into England or America, from Africa, &cc. Matter and traders. Sec. to make the like entry and path, and give bond as aforefaid, &e. Matter trading (hip between Cape Blancho and Cape Mount, before landing (hall deliver a particular of his cargo on oath. Goods imported from Africa into England or America (hall be entred on oath, &c. and pay the duty. Collector, Scc. to take the entries, and dedu&5l. per cent. Except duties arifing by the exports and imports of the royal African company. Company to give an account yearly to the curfitor baron of the Exchequer of monies received, Sec. Goods landed before entry forfeited. Ships failing to Africa, &c. and not duly entred, forfeited. Subjefts of England trading to Africa, &c. to have the fame prote&ion, &c. as the company, and may fettle factories there, without moleftation of the company. Goods exported to Africa and broujght back again, may be re exported without duty, &c. Duties appropriated for maintaining the forts and caftles in Africa, ^c. Account of the duties and difburfements, See. to be kept in a

Digitized by v^ooQle

j6&	Anna	none & clectmo Guuwlmi III. c. 27. [169?*

book* and be viewed at the African houfe in London. Account to bt made up yearly at Michaelmas. No duty to be paid for gold or filver imported from Africa. This aft not to hinder persons from trading to Barbary.

I&6W.&M. XIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth cf *7-	find fixtb years of the reign of his prefent Majesty and the late

maPIbe ex-*	Maty,	amongft	other things it was wafted, that no other

ported. "	c?PPf r\ than what is made of Englifh ore only, fhottld be exported 5

Continued by	which proving very prejudicial to the trade of England, by enabling

l5Geb. i.c.35. foreigners to export copper much cheaper than it can be carried from C*S» England s be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall exportation. a**d may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty’s fubjefts to s*Ann.c.j&.. export frortj England all fuch copper bars as have or (hall be jjGeo.i.c. 17. imported into England from foreign parts, and upon exportation (hall draw back all duties, or vacate the fecurities; faving the half of the old fubfidy, as is ufual in other commodities,

pjCP.	Nq governor, See. of any plantation in America {hall be a fa&or, &c

penalty. Aft to continue 13 years.

CAP. XXVII. aft for licencing hawkers and pedlars, for a further pro* uifion of inter eft for the tranfport debt, far reducing of Ireland.

I&9W.J c.15. WHER£AS towards paying the intereft of the tranfport debt mL 13W. 3. t r for reducing of Ireland, an aft was made in the feffmheld p.i*.	# in the eighth and ninth years of his Majeftfs reign, intituled. An aft

Traders i* for licencing hawkers and pedlars, for a further provifionfbr mam- payment of the intereft of the tranfport debt for the reducing of father*, 6cc.	Ireland; by which ftveral impofitions were laid upon fevered hawkers,

not to be deemed pedlars and petty chapmen therein mentioned; which faid aft, and the impofitions therein, were to have continuance only to the four and Ifo 3 4*4 Ann*, twentieth of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight j we your p. 4. f. 14.	1 Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons in pariia-

Tbefe duties	ment anembled, being willing that a further provifion be made for

m made part tfie intereft of the faid tranfport debt, do humbly befeecb your gatVfunlX Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s >Geo. 1.p.is. moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflemtyed, and by the authority of the Came, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thou* fand fix hundred ninety eight, until the four and twentieth day ifT till U*e> $	which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand

a/junc, 1701, (even hundred and one, there (hall be anfwered and paid to bis every hawker, Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by every hawser,1 pedlar, petty pedlar, &c. to chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from pay4l. perann. town t0 towrlj or m other mens houfes, and travelling either on foot, or with horfe, horfes or otherwife, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as herein after is excepted) carrying to fell, or expofing to fale, any goods, wares or merchandizes, a duty of four pounds for each year * and th^t every person fo travelling with a horfe,

afe

Digitized by

Google

8*11 Anno nono & dcdmo CtefciELMl III, €.17.	*$9

ufe or mule, or other heaft bearing or drawing burden, ihall pay And travel* the finn of four pounds for each year he or foelhaU fo travel boi^mule with, over and above the find farft mentioned duty of four &c> ^ m0l^ pounds.	per ann.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every Qne mojcty 0f pedlar, hawker, petty chapman, and other trading person qr tj,e duty to be persons fo travelling as aforefaid, upon receiving his or her li- paidoii recent* cence, as is hereafter exprefied, (nail payor caufe to be paid mg licence, unto fuch persons as the lord treafurer, or lords conrumffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the. rime	or	any	three of

them, (half nominate, authorize^ and appoint to be commiffion* ers for licencing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, not exceeding three, or any person or persons authorized or deputed ' by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and feats, one moiety of the duty by this ^cl payable fpr the fame, and give fecurity by bond, widi one or more fufficient	>

fureties, to be taken in his Majesty’s name, for the true pay-a“d the ether ment of the other moiety of the faid duties af the-end of nx at °f calendar months, unlefs the party (hall choofe to pay down the other moiety of thefeid duty, in which cafe he or me (hall be pound all^ed allowed after the rate of two (hillings in the pound for. prompt tor prompt , payment of the feme, and thereupon a licence (hall be granted payment, for him or her fo to travel or trade, by the faid commjfiioners to be appointed purfuant to this aft, or any two or more of them.

HL' And be it further enaAed, That if any fuch hawker, penalty on pedlar^ or netty chapman, from and after the; faid four and hawkers, &e. twentieth of June^ one thoufend fix hundred ninety, eight, be trading with* found trading as aforefaid, without or contrary to fuch licence,out ■ ncc* fuch person mall, for each arid every fuch offence, forfeit the Aim of twelve pounds, the one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh wherein fuch offender (hall be difeovered; and that if any person fo trading, upon demand made by any juftice of the peace, mayor,

£onftable, or other officer of the peace of any town corporate pr borough, where he or (he (hall fo trade, (hall nefufe to produce or refiifin* to and (tew unto fuch juftice of peace, mayor, conftabje, or other Pr°ducc tn« officer of the peace, his orher licence for fo trading, to be grant-cd as aforefaid, that then the person fo refilling (hall forfeit five pounds to be paid to the churchwardens of the pari(h where fuch demand (hall be made, to the ufe of the poor of the feme, and for nonpayment thereof, (hall fuffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the houfe of corre&ipn.	1

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it CommiffionV (htll and may be lawful for the faid commUfioners to be ap- erstofignU-pomted purfuaift to this a6t, or any two or more of them, and j^c^° ha^ they are hereby diredted, appointed, and required, upon the terms Kcr** # aforefaid, and upon the receipt and fecurity given, as aforefaid, to grant a licence, to be by them fubferibed, to every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, for him or feerfrlf, or fm him or herfelf with ope or more hprfes, afles, or

mules*

~Adiftin& account to be kept of the duties, and paid weekly into the Exchequer. Penalty on of-

j penalty* oh person for] or counter! ing licence.

< i fo	Anno	oftavo & nano G(jlielmi III. C. 27. [iSgS;

Pees for 6-	mules, or other beaft, which he or (he -fiwll travel with, as the

cehcfcs.	cafe (hafl require, for which licence there (hall be taken only

one (hilling, unlefs fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, fhall travel with horfe, afs, or mule, or other beaft of burden, and in that cafe there (half be paid for fuch licence only two (hillings, over and above the duties aforefaid, and no more; and that the faid commiffioners to be appointed purfuant to this a<ft, (hall keep'a fepafkte and diftind account of the duties granted by this aft* and pay the money arifing thereby into his Majesty’s Exchequer, upon fFednefday in every week, unlefs ft holiday, and if it be a holiday, then on the day next after that is not a holiday ; and upon negleft or refiifal or the fame, (hall fice^nedeft-*' *ncur the penalties, forfeitures, damages*, and coils, as other the ing. 5	*	officers of the Exchequer herein after mentioned (hall be liable

Monies how unto ; which money, fo paid in^ (hall be applied to the ufes po be applied, herein after mentioned by this a&; that is to fay, to pay intereft ! for the faid tranfport debt, after the rate of five pounds per ten-f \ Mm for one whole year, and fo proportionably for any greater or leffer fiim 1 '	,	1

V.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences, or travel with fuch forged or counterfeited licences,' for the pUrpofes aforefaid, fuch person (hall forfeit the fum Of fifty pounds ;• orie' moiety thereof to the King, the other moiety to him that (hall profecute or fue for the fame, r.~ *’r 4 to be recovered by adtion of debt, bitty plaint, of information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wtftninjler, in which no effoin^ protection, wager of law, or more than one impar-1	lance, fhatybe allowed, and (hall be fubjedbto fuch other pains

and penalties as mav be inflidtdd on persons for forgery.

Perfons feed , yi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ge^rafiffue,C That if any. person or persons (hall be fued, molefted, or Jc, * troubled, for putting in executfon any the powers contained in 4his adt, or for doing any matter or thing purfuant thereunto, fuch person or persons (halt and may plead the general iflue, o *. - Not guilty, arid give the fpetial matter in evidence; and if, the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or judgment be given againft him or them upon demurrer, or a verdidt pafs for the Treble cods, defendant, fuch defendant (hall have his or their treble oofts, to be recovered in fuch manner as where by law cofts are given tq defendants.

Penalty on VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pon^able, &c. That if any conftable, headborough, or other officer or officers eke- af°re^a^> (hall refufe or negledf, upon due notice, or on their pution of this* own view, to be aiding and aflifting in the execution of this ad, being thereunto required, and each and every fuch officer or officers being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes,: before any juftice of the peace for the county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, (haH forfeit for each and every fuch offence, contrary to this a<5l, the turn of forty (hillings, to be levied by djftrefs and fale of the *.............. ‘

Digitized by LjOOQ Le

1698.] -Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 27.

offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jufticeof the peace, the one moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, the other moiety to the informer who (hall profecute for the fame, rendring the overplus thereof to the owner, if any be.

VIII.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for any person or persons what-foever, to feize and detain any fuch hawker, pedlar,* petty chap* man, or other trading person .or . perfbns, as aforefaid, till fuch time as he, fhe, or they fhall produce a licence in that.behalf, if he, (he, or they have any, or if he, (he, or they fhall be found trading without a licence, contrary to this ad, for fuch reafon-able time as he, fhe, or they may give notice to the conflable, headborough, tythingmen, churchwardens, overleers of the poor, or (pme other parifh officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry fuch person fo feized before fome of his Majeftv^s juftir ccs of the peace of the county or place where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorized and ftridly required, either upon confeffion of the party offending, or due proof by witnefs upon oath (which he is hereby impowered to adminifter) that the person fo brought before him had fo traded as aforefaid, and that no fiich licence Ihall be produced by fuch offender before the faid juftice, by warrant under his hand and. feal, to caufe thc faid fum of twelve pounds to be forthwithlevied by diftrefs and fale of the offender or offenders goods, wares, or merchandizes, rendring the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after true deduction of the reafonable charge, for taking the (aid diftrefs, and out of the faid fale to pay the faid relpedtive penalties and forfeitures aforefaid,	'	.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That this adt, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend to prohibit any persons from felling of any adts of parliament, form£ of prayer, proclamations, gazettes, licenced almanacks, or other printed papers licenced by authority, or anyfifh, fruits, or vjdtuals; nor to hinder any person or persons, who are the feal workers or makers or any goods or wares within the kingdom of England, dominion of Walts, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or bis, her, or their children, apprentices, agents, or fervants, to fach real workers or makers of fuch goods or wares only, from carrying abroad, expofing to fale, or felling any of the faid goods and wares of his, her, or their own making, in any pub-lick mart, fairs, markets or elfewhere 5 nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plummers, hamefs-menders, or other persons ufually trading in mending kettles, tubs, houlhold goods, or harne($ whatfbever, from going about and parrying with him or them proper materials for mending the fame.

X.	Provided alfo, and it is further enabled by the authority ajorefcud. That there fhall be provided and kept in his Majesty’s Exchequer, that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of receipts, one book or regifter, in which aU pponies that (Jiall be paid intq

; the

l7*

Hawker. &e, jqaybedpt^m-ed rill heprq-v duce licence,4* and if he trade without licence, juftice to caule the penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of goods, &c.



Perfons and , things ex-' empted. '/(\

A regifter tq be kept in the Exchequer of all monies paid in by this a&.

Digitized by

Google

%%%	Anno	nono	&	dcdmo	GtrilELMi liL C.27. [1693.

the Exchequer by virtue of this aft fhail be ended, regiftred, and kept apart and diftinA from all other monies paid or pay* able to his Majesty, or upon any other branch of his Msyefty’s revenue, or upon any other account whatlbever.

Penalty on	XI. Provided, and it is further enaAed by the authority afore*

officers divert- laid. That if any officer in the Exchequer (hall divert or mif* $*i0r£^P" apply any of the monies that (hall be paid into the Exchequer plying tneyno ^ virtue of this aA, to any other ufes or purpofes than are * •	hereby direAed, then fuch officer fo offending (hall forfeit his

office in the Exchequer, and be incapable of any office or place of truft, and (hall be liable to pay the treble value of any fum or -I l fums of money fo diverted or imfapplied to any of the persons "	thereby grieved, their relpeAivc executors, adminiftrators, or

afligns, who will foe for the fame by any aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefin&e&tir^ wherein no effoin, proteAion, wager of law, privilege or parliament, or other privilege, or more than one im* parlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and all orders and warrants for iffuing, paying, or difpofing any of the monies to be rdifed by virtue of this aA, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, (hall be utterly void to all intents and purpofes what (bever*

This a & not	XIL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaAed, That

^ hindentbe nothing 'herein contained ftiall extend or be cooftrued to extend in any pubUtk to hinder any pcrfon or persons from felling or expofing to foie market, fair, any forts of goods or merchandizes in any poblick mart, mar* *c.	ket, or fair within the kingdom of England* dominion of HteUs*

and town of Berwick upon Tweed, but that fuch person or persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done befon^ the making of this aA; any thing herein contained to the con-i . trary aotwsthftanding.

If codes a- . XIII. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, b fijffieT* That in cafe itihall fo happen that the feveral additional duties ent to pay the and impofition9 granted to his Majesty by feveral aAs of p»r-intereft of the liament, towards payment of intereft of the faid tranfport debt, tranfport together With the duties to be raifed by virtue of this aA, (hall to re mam in* amount t0 more than what may prove fufficient for payment of theExche- intereft, at five pounds per centum, for the faid tranfport debt,

Suer, and not according to the feveral debentures made and to be made out, e difpofed of that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch furplus arifing by the fold du-put yparia- tjcs^ more than fufficient for payment of the intereft, (hall re* main in the Exchequer, and not be difpofed. of otherwife than by an aA of parliament exprefly made in that behalf.

XIV.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commHfioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high - treafiirer for the time being, out of the monies raifed by this or ^oftk^du. ^“1 rcc^te^ a&s* to Pay t0 the faid commiffioners to be ap*

* pointed purfuant to this aA, their clerks, or any other persons, fuch fyms of money as they or any4>f them (hall or may reafon?. ably deferve for their fervice, or (hall or may have expended, hv the exception of, or in relation to, this or the faid recited aAs.

XV, Pro-



CommillTon-Vrs and their Clerks, Kc.

Digitized by

Google

1698.] Anno nono & dcrimo Guliblmi III. c. 2t.	i^|

XV. Provided always, and be it further eroded by the author This ad not rity aforefaid, That this ad, or any thing contained therein, £*

(hall not extend/or be conftrued to extend, to give any power tofcUwarS* for the licencing of any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, to or merchan* fell, or expofe to fale, any wares or merchandizes in any day, due in any borough, town corporate, or market town within this realm, ***** **' any otherwife than might have been done before the making of this ad j any thing therein contained to the contrary notwith*

Handing.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the exporting watches, fword-bilts, and other manufallures of /her.

WHEREAS by an OH of parliament made in the feventh and 7MW.3-c.if.

eighth years of his prefent Majejly King William the Third, intituled. An ad to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill ftate of the coin of this kingdom, it is amongjl other things fo enafted, That after the laft day of March then next enfuing, no wrought plate of this kingdom can he Jhipped off*\ under the great penalties in the faid alt contained, whereby no home wrought manufaliured plate, though never fo beneficial to the artificers and trade of this kingdom, is per-mittedto be exported, which was at that timeagoodandwholfomelaw, and tended to the benefit of the kingdom, by keeping bullion at home to he coined: now forafmucb as by a fubfequent aft made in the eight and ninth years of the reign of his faid Majejly, intituled, An ad for the f - —	-

encouraging the bringing in of wrought plate to be coined, it is * * '** therein enafted, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety /even, no goldfmith, filver^ fmith, or other person whatfoever, Jhall work, make or cauje to bo wrought or made any filver veffd, plate or manufafture of fiver, lefs in finenefs than that of eleven ounces and ten penny weight of fine (liver in every pound Troy, nor put to fide the fame until it be marked^ as in the faid aft is direfted; whereby no profit can arife to any per* fen who Jbail export fuch plate, as bath been or Jhall be made purfuanO to that aft, by lofing the charge of the faflnon in molting down tho fame, and felling the filver abroad, the principal thing aimed at to fa prevented by the firjl recited aft: but on the contrary a great benefit may accrue to many artificers, and to the kingdom in general, by giving liberty to export watches, jword hilts, wrought plate, and feveral other Jihuer manufaftures made within this kingdom, being of the finenefs prefertbed in the faid laft recited aft-, be it therefore eroded by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme* That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, it (hall and may be law- wrought plate, fal to export fuch watches, fwora-hilts, wrought plate, and &c. may be other filver manufactures made within this kingdom* being of exported, it the finenefs of eleven ounces and ten penny weight to every pound Troy, and fo proportiorobly for a greater or lefler weight, c^mi(r^nLre

according of the cuftoms.

Digitized by Google

No cafe or dial plate, &c. for clock or watch (hall be exported without the movement, See. nor made up, without engraving maker's name. Penalty.

^74	Amo	nouo & derimo GulielMI III. c. 29. [169?.

According to the rules preferibed in the faid laft recited aft, as ; " (hall be yearly allowed by the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms for the time being, or any three of them; any law of * ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

I1 v’ II. And whereas great quantities of empty boxes, cafes9 and dial ' plates,for clocks and watches, have been exported without their movements^ and in foreign parts made up with bad movements, and thereon fome London watch-makers names engraven, and fo are fold abroad for Englifh work; and alfo there have been the like ill prac- *■ tices in England by divers perfonsj as well by fome prof effing the art of clock and watch-tnaking9 as others ignorant therein, in putting counterfeit names9 as alfo the names of the mojl known London watch-makers^ on their bad clocks and watches, to the great prejudice of the buyers, and the difreputation of the faid art at home and abroad: for the preventing therefore or all fuch ill practices for the future, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ncr per-fon or persons whatfoever (hall, after the faid four and twentieth day of June9 export or fend, or endeavour to export or fend, out of this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any outward or inward box, cafe or dial-plate of gold, filver, brafs or other metal for clock or watch, without the movement in or with every fuch box, cafe or dial-plate, made up fit for ufe, with the clock or watch-maker’s name engraven thereon; nor any person whatfoever, after the faid four and twentieth day of June9 (hall make up or caufe to ♦ be made up any clock or watch without engraving, or putting, or caufing to be engraven or put, his or her own name and place of abode or freedom, and no other name or place, on every clock or watch he or (he (hall fo make up, or caufe to be made up, under the penalty of forfeiting every fuch empty box, cafe and dial-plate, clock and watch, not made up and engraven as aforefaid, and alfo for each and eveiy of fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety whereof to be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety (hall be to him, her 6r them, that (hall fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, protection or wager or law (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance; any thing herein contained, or any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to  repeat the aft made in the laft feffion of parliament* intituled, An act for the relief of creditors, by making compofition with their debtors, in cafe two thirds of number and value do agree.

IXT'HEREAS an aft made in the fecond feffion of this prefent * * parliament, held in the eighth and ninth years of his MajeJIy'i S&9W. 3. c. reigHti intituled, An act for relief of creditors, by making com-1 # rcpc * portions with their debtors, in cafe two thirds in number and value do agree, hath not anfwered the end fir ivhich the fame wa\

intended»

\

x 698.] Anno nono & .decimo GulielMi IIL C. 29. ,	175

intended, in regard that nttwiibjlanding the pttviftcns in the all far preventing frauds in the making fuch cmpofitions, many frauduy lent praSHces nave been committed,	making pretended agreements

with perfotis who were not red creditors, and for greater advantages than whatf were exprejfed in fuch compofttions \ which pradices have (as there is juft caufe to fear) occasioned much perjury : for. remedy whereof be it enadted bv the King’s moll excellent Majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,, and the commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twentv fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-fand fix hundred ninety and eight, the faid adf, and every claufe, .	i

matter, and thing therein contained, (hall be repealea, determined, and of no force.	i

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadted by the authority but not to aforefaid. That this adf (hall not extend, or be conftrued to ex- make void a-tend in any wife, to prejudice, make void, or impeach any a- £rccmcilts>*c» greement or compoiltion made, or which before the faid twenty

fourth day of June (hall be made, bona fide, and without fraud,

and which (hall be performed from time to time, according to	f

the true intent and meaning thereof, nor any prder for the difT

charge of any debtor out of cuftody, made or which (hall be prifoncn

made in pursuance of fuch agreement and compofition, and by

virtue of the abovesaid a&, or which is or (hall be within the

faving or benefit thereof, before the faid twenty fourth day of

June% but that every fuch agreement or compofition, whereupon

any fuch order of difcharge is or (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall

be good and effedhial to all intents and purpofes, and every fuch

order of difcharge is hereby ratified and confirmed; and every

fuch agreement or compofition, whereupon no fuch order of

difcharge is or (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall be and remain of

the fame force and effedt (and no other) as if this prefent adt

had not been made; nor to pardoh, indemnify, or difcharge

any person who hath incurred, or before the faid twenty fourth

day of June (hall incur any penalty or forfeiture, by committing

any offence againft the faid adt, but that every fuch offender

(hall be liable to the fame forfeitures and penalties as if tfie faid

adt had continued in full force.

III.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a- Releafe and

forefaid. That no person or persons, who heretofore have been difcharge on or (hall, before the faid twenty fourth day of June, be difeharged	*°

by virtue of this adt, (hall be deemed or adjudged to be dif- V01 *' charged thereby, who' to procure any agreement, compofitions,

releafes or difeharges whatfoever, from any of his or their ere- -ditor or creditors, have before any one of the judges of either bench, barons of the Exchequer, or matter in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, willingly and corruptly made, or before the laid twenty fourth day of June (had make, any falfe oath, to the defrauding of his or their creditor or creditors, but that all and every fuch agreement, releafes and difeharges upon any falfe eath obtained, and being thereof convidted upon any indidfrnent ;: *; i

or

Digitized by v^,ooQle

176	Anno rlbno & dedmo Guhelmi IIL €£30^31. [1698.

or information, (hall be void and of none effed; any thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An aft far irunafmg bis Majeftfs duties upm luftrings and

alamodes.	*

TXyHEREAS the wrought fills, commonly called luftrings and * * alamodes, under the name of wrought fills, in and by the book of rates refkrred to in the aft of tumage and poundage, which was made and paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late MajeJly isCar. t.c.4» gfag Charles the Second, were valued at forty Jhillings the pound weight, containing fixteen ounces \ and according to that valuation are and will be liable to pay feveral fubfedies, additional and other duties or impofitions to your MajeJly, by virtue of feveral afts of parliament fmce that time made and pajl, referring to the faid book of rates for the valiie of the faid fills: we vour Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons or England in parliament aflembled, being fenfible that the faid filks, called luftrings and alamodes, were much undervalued in the faid book, and that the fame are ordinarily of a much higher value than forty (hillings for fuch a pound weight as aforefaid, do therefore in all humility grant, that your Majesty’s duties for and upon all Juftring9 ana alamodes imported, now payable by or according to the faid valuation of forty (hillings the pound weight, (hall be incneafed, anfwered and paid according to the valuation herein after mentioned ; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by authority of the fame, That all luftrings and alamodes im- a^arno^cs> wnicfi from and after the four and twentieth day of ported to pay June* onc thouland fix hundred ninety eight, (hall belmported

4I.	per lb. wt. or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or &c.	town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall be valued at four pounds

1 Ann.(hi.c. forcvcry pound weight, containing fixteen ounces as aforefaid: c?6.*£a. and his Majesty’s feveral fubfidies, additional and other duties 3 Qco. 1. c. 7. and impofitions as aforefaid, during the continuance of the fame refpedively, (hall.be collected, paid and anfwered for and upon the faid luftrings and alamodes, according to the faid valuations of four pounds for every pound weight, as if the fame had been originally- inferted in the (aid book of rates, and had been particularly referred to (inftead of the faid rate of forty (hillings) in the feveral ads before mentioned: and that according to the fame rules and methods, and with fuch or the like allowances, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are by the faid ads, and every or any of them preferibed, for the relpedive duties on the faid commodities; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An ad for railing the militia for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety *J*HCw*a* eight, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not paid.

>3.	CAP.

Digitized .by LjOOQle

1698-] Anno nono & dedmo^GuLlELMi III, 0.32*	*77.

GAP: XXXII. jin aft for the more effectual fuppr effing of blafpbemy and propbanenefs.

TXf HERE AS many persons have 0/ late» years openly avowed * v	publijhed marry blafphemous and impious opinions,	contrary

to the doctrines and principles of the chriftian religion ± greatly tending to the dijhonout of Almighty God, and may prove dejlfuftive to the	'

peace and welfare of this kingdom: wherefore for the more effectual fuppremng of the faid deteftable crimes, be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons* /	■	1

in* this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person or persons, having been educated, in, or at any time having made profeffion of the chriftian reli-gkm within this reaftn, fhall by writing, printing, teaching, or tyforafferbng advifed fpeaking;, deny any one of the persons in the Holy Tri- there are more. nity to be Goa, or (hall affert or maintain there are more gods Go4s than <»ne, than one, or (hall deny the chriftian religion to be true* or the chriftian" reli-holy fcriptures of the old and new teftartient to be of divine au- t^be^ thority, and (hall upon indi&ment or information in any of his true, &c. Majesty’s courts at Wejftminfter, or at the aflizcs, be thereof beiPg lawfully convicted by the oath of two or more credible witnefles; abled toehold" fuch person or persons for the first offence (hall be adjudged in- any office,< capable and difabled in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfo-‘ ever, to have or enjoy any office or offices, employment or employments, eccleliaftical, civil or military, or any part in them, of any profit or advantage appertaining to them, or any of them : and if any person or persons fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall at Further difa-the time of his or their conviction* enjoy or poffefs any office, bihties if a replace or employment, fuch office, place or employment (hall be v?5ed thereof* void, and is hereby declared void : and if fuch person or persons fjiall be a fecond time lawfully convicted as aforefaid, of all or any the aforefaid crime or crimes, that then he or they (hall from thenceforth be difabled to fue, profecute, plead or ufe any Action or information in any court of law or equity, or to bie guardian of any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any person, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to bear a rtf office* civil or military, or benefice ecclefiaftical for ever within this realm, and (hall alfo fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of three years, without bail or mainprize, from the time of fuch conviction.

II. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority afore- No protecuti-faid. That no person (hall be profecuted by virtue of this aCt, on unlefs in-for any words fpokeri, unlefs the information of fuch words formation be (hall be given upon oath before one or more juftice or juftices df the peace, within four days after fuch words fpoken, and the word* fpoken, profecution of fuch offence be within three months after fuch information.

Vol. X

N

III. Pvo-

Digitized by

Google

178 Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C.33-36. [1 698 the HI. Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority afore-?on ronoun*	That any person or persons, convidted of all or any of the

cing his opi- aforefaid crime or crimes, in manner aforefoid, (hall for the first nion in 4. offence (upon his, her, or their acknowledgment and renuncia-m°nths after tion of luch offence or erroneous opinions, in the fame court dii- where fuch person or persons was or were convided, as afore-charged from faid, within the fpace of four months after his, her, of their penalty, &c. conviction) be discharged from all penalties and difabilities incurred by fuch convi&ion ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

CAP. XXXIII.

EXP.	An ad to ftop the coining farthings and halfpence for one year.

CAP. XXXIV.

5	frfiXV. & M. An ad for the better and more orderly payment of the lottery tickets now

Cs 7.	payable	out	of	certain	additional	duties	of	excife,	and	of	other	annui-

W. &M. ties lately payable out of the tunnage duties, c* 14*	Dtides	of excife granted by 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 7. to be applied to payment

5‘ftSW.StM. Of the arrears of the annuities to 25 March, 1696. Growing produce c» ib.	applied	to the annuities. Lottery tickets to be pud. Additional duties

of excife appropriated to the annuities. E X P.

CAP. XXXV.

6	W, 3. c. 6. An ad for preventing frauds and abufes in the charging, colleding, and

8	W* c. 10. Paying the duties upon marriages, births, burials, bachelors, and

7	W, 3. c. 35. widowers.

9	Sc to W. 3. Prom 14 June, 1690. juftices of peace to be commiltkmers for this ad.

c. 10.	Ecdeiiaftical person to fet down the degrees, See. of every person thrift-

J. Annas.c. 11.	ened, See. and in cafe of burials, of the heir. Scc. Of birth, the

• io.	ther’s	and mother's name, See. And of marriage, the place of abode

Of the hufoand. Sec. Under penalty. person who ought to pay the duty, to give an account of the degree of the person buried, Stc. The words eccUfiaftiealperfons to comprehend bifhops, where marriages, Sec. are celebrated by them. person removing before duty paid, commt/K-oners may certify fuch default, Scc. and for non-payment diftrain. For want of diftrefs offender to be committed to prifon. CommifKon-ers to meet once in three months, and warn afleflors, colledors, Scc. to appear before thenv and bring in their afTefTiuents. Commiflioners may examine the faid afTe Aments, &c. and caufe persons omitted, See. to ,	be	taxed. Duplicates of the grofs fums to be tranfmitted to the Exche-

quer. Colle&ofs to render their accounts on oath. Colle&ors to have an additional allowance of 3d. per pound. And commiAioners clerks -ad. per pound. person not paying duty in twenty days after due, to pay double. The ten days allowed for appeal to begin from the demand of the duty. EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

An a£t for the increafe and preservation of timber in the New Foreft in the county of Southampton.

Two hundred acres, part of the New Foreft in Hampfliire, to be inclofed for the growth of timber, &c. and fet out by commiAioners, See. In-clofures to be made. Two hundred acres more to be inclofed yearly for twenty years, See. And to remaiA in poAeftion of the crown for ever, as a nurfery for wood only. Decayed trees to be fet out for making the In clotures. When the woods growing in the inclofttres are paft danger of brovrfing of deer. Sec. fo that the lame may be laid open, the King may inclofe the like quantity of acres for fo much laid open, See. free from all common, &c. Wood not to be felled without allowance, &c. hot coppice woods cut, &c. Intfofurcs not to be plowed or (owed, See.

Penalty

Digitized by LjOOQle

iSg8.] Anno nono & dccimo GulieLMi III. c«37*4Cu	179

Penalty on forefter, keeper, &c. hrowfing or lopping any oak or beech tree in the foreft. Charcoal not to be made in the foreft within 1000 paces of any inclofure, &c. Coal hearths to be fenced with heath, &c.

Perfons breaking down any of the indofures, See. may be fined, and. committed to gaol, See. This aft not to alter the foreft laws, Sec.

Right of common of pafture. Sec. in the foreft preserved. After Michaelmas, 1716. and not before, right of common of pafture continued in the wafte ground. Saving right of fuel to the adjacent inhabitants, provided they do not fell the fame, &c. Grant of any the faid inclo-lures, trees, &c. void. Notice to be given when any fale of wood (hall be made in the foreft, See. Officers to value the wood before falc.

Beft bidder to be the purchafer. No fee. Sec. to be taken for felling of trees, &c.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for applying to the ufe of his Majesty’s navy and ordnance the &M. ft overplus of the money and (lores, which were provided for the building *• c* I0*

* fevCn and twenty fhips of war. EXP.	3* 4 W. U

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty an aid by a quarterly poll for one year. EXP.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for fettling and adjufting the proportion of fine filver and filk, for EXP. the better making of filver and gold thread, and to prevent the abufes 15 G«o. a.C* of wire-drawers.	20.

Continued for ftven years > and amended by 1 Ann it, flat. 1. eat. 17. Weight of filver wire drawn for making gold and filver thread, Sec. No gilt wire to be coloured with verdigreaje, Sec. Six ounces of plate to cover 4 ounces of filk. Sec. Allowances for gold and filver thread made finer*

See. Gold and filver plate to be fpun clofe on light dyed filk, Sec. (except froft.) All metals inferior to filver fhall be fpun on thread, See.

Importation of gold or filver thread, lace. Sec. or made of copper* brafi. See. prohibited. Suit to be commenced in fix months after offence. Aft to continue for three years.

CAP. XL.

An act for the explanation and better exelution of former afts made againjl tranfportation of wool\ fullers earthy and fcouring day.

WHEREAS feveral laws have been made to prevent *lhe ex~ > portation of wooll and fullers earth out of this kingdom, yet neverthelefs the faid exportation is fill notorioufly continued, to the great prejudice and difeoutagement of the woollen trade and manufacture of England : and whereas in the first year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly King William and the late Queen Mary* there pajfed an aft, intituled, An act for the better preventing the exportati- 1 W. Sc M. ff. on of wooll, and encouraging the woollen manufaftures of this c* **• kingdom; which aft was continued by one other aft made in the fourth and fifth years of their faid Majefties reign, intituled, An aft 4 & 5 W. k for reviving, continuing, and explaining feveral laws therein M. c. 14. mentioned, which were expired and near expiring $ which faid aft was further continued in the feventh year of his prefent Majesty's reign, with fome alterations, intituled, An act for the more effec- 7 & g \y. 3. tual preventing the exportation of wooll, and for the encoura- I, 2%. ging the importation of wooll from Ireland, which aft is now near txpiring: and whereas for preventing the faid mifchiefs it is necejfary

N 2	that

Digitized by CjOOQ le

i8o	Anno	nono & decimo GrULiELMi III. 0.401 [169$.

that the iaji mentioned aft, with fome convenient alterations, should be continued,* and alfo that there should be fome more effeftual remedies than have been hitherto provided ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid laft mentioned a6t, made in the feventh year of his 7 & 8 W. 3. Majesty’s reign, and intituled, An aft' for the more effeftualpre-g. a 8.	venting the exportation of wooll, and for encouraging the importation

of wooll from Ireland, and every claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, except what is hereby otherwife altered, explained, enlarged, or repealed, (hall continue and be in full force, as if the fame were herein and hereby particularly recited and mentioned.

3Geo. i.c. 21.	II. And whereas under a pretention of carrying fullers earth and

4	Geo.-I. c. 11. fcouring day into Ireland, the fame is conveyed into Scotland, and

5	Geo Ileal other foreign parts, to the further prejudice of the woollen manufac-izGeo.^.c.ai.ture °f this kingdom ; be it further enabled, That from and after Penalty on ex- the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred porting fullers ninety eight, no fullers earth or fcouring clay (hall be exported insdarlC°Ur" out t*lls kingdom, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick ing ay* upon Tweed, into Ireland, or Scotland, or any other foreign *

parts, upon any pretence whatfoever, but that the exporters, being legally convi&ed, (hall be liable to the forfeitures of one (hilling for every pound weight.

III.	And whereas it is a common praftice in Romney Marfh and other places adjacent, for evil difpofed persons to Jheer their Jheep, and lodge wool near the feafide,' and fometimes to bring wooll out of the country more remote, and lodge it as aforefaid, where by fraud and force in the night time, the faid persons do caufe the fame to be tranj-ported to France, to the increafe of the trade of that kingdom, and , the defiruftion of the trade of England : to prevent thefe pra&ices for the future, be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Owners of That all and every owner and owners of wooll (horn or houfed, ten°miles of Wd UP or lodged, within ten miles of the fea fide, within the the fea fide, in counties of Kent and Suffix, (hall be obliged to give an exaft Kent or Suf- account in writing, within three days after the (heering thereof, fex, to give an 0f hjs> her, or their number of fleeces, and where lodged or number of * h011^, to the next adjacent port or pfficer of his Majesty’s cuf-fleeces, and toms, and the like notice before he, (he, or they (hall prefume where lodged, to remove any part or parcel thereof, of the (aid number of &c* .	fleeces and weight, and the name and abode of the person or

perfons to whom it is difpofed, and the place to which it is in-Penalty. tended to be carried ; and to take a certificate from the officer who first entred the fame, upon the penalty of forfeiting alt fuch wooll as (hall not be fo entred or otherwife difpofed of, and the owner or owners alfo to be liable to the further penalties of three (hillings for every pound weight of all fuch wooll, Officer to give as if the fame had been actually tranfported ; which faid ac-certificate,&c, count the officers refpe<5tively are hereby required to takzgratis, and to give fuch certificate or certificates, without delay, to the

party

Digitized by Google

Anno nono & declmo Gulielmi III. c. 40;	i8t

party or parties demanding the feme, and (hall therein fpecify the name or names of the owners and buyers thereof, and limit it to fuch times and places to be removed ; for which duty and fervice the faid officer or officers (hall take and demand the fum of fix pence and no more for each certificate, upon any account or pretence whatfoever.

IV.	And whereas it is a common practice in the faid marjh, for di~

vers persons, not refident upon the place, to buy up great quantities of woolly and tranfport, or caufe the fame to be tranfported, out of this kingdom: for preventing fuch practices for the future, be it( further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That no person or per- J?01P^rj?n n fons refiding within fifteen miles of the fea, in the counties of \ 7°°1 Kent and Suffix^ (hall prefume to buy any wooll, before they do miies 0f the enter into bond to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, fea fide, in with fureties, that all the wooll they buy (hall not be fold by Kent or Suf-them to any person or persons within fifteen miles of the fea;	1

and in cafe any wooll be found carried toward? the fea fide in the * counties aforefeid, unlefs fuch wooll be first entred, and fecuri-

ty given, the fame (hall be forfeited, and the person or persons offending therein (hall alfo forfeit three (hillings for every pound weight of all fuch wooll.

V.	And be rt further enacted by the authority aforefeid, Nor remove ft That no wooll removed from the place where it was first houfed, from the place lodged, or laid after (heering, withiiwten miles, as aforefeid, houfed? (hall be lodged after the firft'removing within fifteen miles of

the fea, in the counties aforefeid, upon pain of forfeiting all fuch wooll, if found; but if carried away, then every person Penalty, or persons, who were the owners of the (aid wooll, to forfeit for every pound weight the fum of three (hillings.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, Wooll laid That all and every person or persons that (hall lay* or caufe to within 15 be laid or hid, any wooll within fifteen miles of the fea, and

not entred, as aforefeid, all fuch wooll (hall be feized and forfeit- or C1 e *

ed; that upon any feizure of fuch wooll, every person, laying

claim to the feme, (hall give fufficient fecurity in his Majesty’s

court of Exchequer (if caft upon trial) to pay treble cofts, over

and above the penalties and forfeitures aforefeid,

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the author rity aforefeid. That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be brought and profecuted by any person or persons againft any person employed in the execution of this a6t, for any matter, caufe, or thing, by them or either of them done, committed, or executed by virtue of this a<ft, or any claufe or article therein contained ; that then and in every fuch cafe the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence at the trial, that the fame was done in purfuance and by authori*-

3] of this a<St; and if upon examination it (hall fo happen to be persons feed one, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and may Pl?a£thc in fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuit, or difcontinue gencra UQf his a&ion, the defendant or defendants (hall have and recover treble cofts, which he Q.r they (halt fiiftain or be put unto, by Treble coffin

N 3	retfou

Digitized by Google

Exporter* of wooU> &c.

i8t	Anno	nOno	&	ctecimoOuuelMI HI. c.+o. [1698.

reilbn of his br their wrongful vexation in defence of the laid

action of fuit.

Forfeitures VIII. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-*nd Pcn^®8> faid, That all the forfeitures and penalties before in this a<Sfc ftributed, ^ ntentioned, (hall be diftributed in manner and form following, viz• one third part to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- t celTors, and the other two thirds to the ufe of fuch person or persons as (hall feize or fue for the fame, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of h'19 Majesty’s courts at JVeJlminfler, wherein no eflbin, prote&ion or wager of law (hall be allowed. uCar. *. c, ji.	IX. And whereas by an at1 of parliament made in the twelfth year

of the reign of King Charles the Second it is enabled. That no person or persons whatfoever Jhould, at any time thereafter, be impeachedfor any offence againjl the faid abf, unlefs fuch per fins be profecuted within one year next enfuing fuch offence committed: and whereas a great many persons who have been guilty of tranfporting wooll, but difea-very thereof hath not been made till the expiration of twelve months after the fffence committed, to the great encouragement of feveral no~ tcrious offenders \ For the prevention whereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty to caufe fuch person or persons, as are or (hall be guilty of tranfporting or caunng to be tranfported any wooll, wooll-fells, ffullers earth, or fcouring clay, to be fuea and profecuted at any time within three, years after the offence committed, in the fame manner as informations On other penal ftatutes have? been ufually and may lawfully be profecuted.

X.	And for the better preventing the carrying of wooll into Scotland from England\ be it further enadted by the authority a-forefaid. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of Tune, all and every owner or owners of wooll, (horn, laid up, or lodged within fifteen miles of the borders of Scotland, (hall and are hereby required to give an exadt account of his, her, or their number of fleeces, and where lodged or houfed, to fuch person or persons as (hall be appointed and impowered for that purpofe, purfuant to the diredtion or true meaning of the afore-laid adt of parliament, made in the first year of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen ; which person or persons (hall give attendance for that purpofe at the feveral ports and market towns within the faid diftance of fifteen miles $ and (hall and are here-andmakeen- by required to make a true entry of fuch wooll, in a book to be try thereof. ^Cpt for that purpofe: and in cafe any owner or owners of fuch penalty. wooll fhall neglect or refufe to give fuch account to fuch person or persons, as (hall after fuch notice given remove fuch wooll, or any part thereof, without licence from fuch person or persons as (hall have made fuch entry, he, (he, or they, fo neglecting or refufing, or removing afterwards his, her, or their wooll, or any part of it, without licence, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit three Wooll unen- (hillings for every pound weight of fuch wooll; and all the 'Schorrit d W00^ t^at (hall be found within the diftance aforefaid, of the or ei e > b^ers 0f Scotland, not entred, as aforefaid, (hall be and is hereby forfeited, one third p^rt tq hi? Majesty, hi? heirs, and fuc-

' ceffors.

Gwaert of wooll (horn, and lodged within fifteen fifties of the borders of Scotland, to give an account of the number of fleeces, &c*

1 W. & M. ft. 1. c. 3*

Digitized by Google

1698.J Anno nono & dccimo Gvlieimi III. C.41;

cefiors, and the other two third parts to him or them who fhall fue for the fame in any of his Majpfty’s courts of record at Weflminfier, in which no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed*

XI.	And whereas by an aft made in the parliament held in the 7 & * W. 3* feventh and eighth years of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wool], and for the encouraging the importation thereof from Ireland, amongjl ether things it is enabled, I hat the hundred out of which any wooll fall be exported, be liable to fuch penalties and forfeitures as is men- Hundred of tinned in the faid aft; but the hundred of Winchelfea in the cinque Winchelfea ports being divided by a navigable arm of the fea, fo that the inhabit t0 ** a* fonts on the one fide thereof cannot be privy to or prevent what is done {^dred£ &c* by thofe of the other fide-, be it therefore enafted bv the authority w t0 wooy. aforefaid, That the faid hundred of Winchelfea mail be deemed and taken, in refped to the faid a#, as two diftind hundreds if that is to fay) the part of the one fide of the faid arm of the fea as one hundred, and the part on the other fide as one other intire hundred; and the penalties, which may be forfeited for fuffering fuch exportation, fhall affed, charge, and be levied on that part only of the faid hundred which lies on the lame fide of the faid arm of the fea, out of which fuch exportation war made and permitted \ any thing in this or any other ad to the contrary notwithftanding j provided nevcrthelefs. That nothing in this ad fhall be conftrued to extend to divide the faid hundred into any other particular but in this only*

CAP. XLI.

An act for the better preventing the imbezlemtnt of bis Majefy9 s Jtores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds, and abufes, in paying feamens wages.

XX7HEREAS notwithftanding divers good laws made anden~ jGto J c afted, for the preventing of the ftealing and imbezlemmt of 9 Gea i.c! S. his Majefy's fores of war, and naval fores, thofe frauds, thefts, and imbezlements are frequently praftifed, and the convifting of fuch offenders is rendred difficult and impracticable, by reafon it rarely http-pens that dir eft proof can be made of fuch offender's immediate taking, imbezling, or carrying aivay any of Ms Majefy's faid fores of war and naval fores, out of or from his Majefy's fore-houfes, docks, yards, Jhips, ordnance, or other places for keeping and preferring the fame, but only that fuch goods are marked with the King's mark, and found in the cufods andpoffeffon of the faid person accufed for fealing or imbezling the fame, to the great encouragement of fuch wicked offenders, and to his Majefy's and the kingdom's great damage: for preventing fuch imbezlements for the future, and for the more effectual execution of the laws and ftatutes already in force a-* gainft fuch imbezlements, and thefts, be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent roajefty, by apd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the f	N	4.	fame,

Digitized by Google

I&4	Anno nono;& dedaio Gulielmi HI. 0.41, [1698J

No warlike or feme,. That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, cxce ^ t^for the one thoafend fitf hundred ninety eight, it (hall not be lawful to K^fg’s ufe 'C or. for any person or persons whatfoever, other than persons au-fhalibe made thorized by contracting with his Majesty’s principal officers or with fbe commiffioners of the navy,* ordnance, or victualling office for King's marks, MajestyVufe, to make any ftores of war or naval (lores c*	whatfoever, with the marks ulually ufed to and marked upon

his Majesty’s faid warlike and naval or ordnance ftores ; that is to lay, any cordage of three inches and upwards, wrought with a white thread laid the contrary way, or any fmaller cordage, to wit, from three inches downwards, with a twine in lieu of a white thread, laid to the contrary way as aforefaid, or any '7 canvas wrought or unWrbughtj with a blue ftreak in the middle, or any other ftores with the broad arrow, by ftamp, brand or otherwise, upon pain that every fuch person or persons, who (hall make fuch goods fo marked as aforefaid, not being a contractor .withhis Majesty’s principal officers or commiffioners of the navy, ordnance, or vi&uallers for his Majesty’s ufe, or em-Penalty. ployed by fuch contractor for that purpofe as aforefaid, lhall for every fuch offence forfeit fuch goods, and the fum of two hundred pounds, together with cofts of fuit; one moiety whereof <hall be to his Majestyj and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeflminJler, wherein ho enoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, por more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, person in*1	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

wiiofe cuftody That fuch person or persons, in whofe cuftody, poffeffion, fuch marked ur keeping fuch goods or (lores marked as aforefaid (hall be ftores are \jfoijnd, not; being employed as aforefaid, and fuch person or round, occ, persons who (hall conceal fuch goods or ftores, marked as a-forefaid,. being indjCted and convicted of fuch concealment, or ^ r-, of the having fuch goods found in his cuftody, poffeffion or ^ ' keeping, (hall forfeit fuch goods, and the fum of two hundred pounds, together with the cofts of profecution, one moiety to his Ma}eftyj and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered as aforefaid, and lhall atfo fuffer imprifonment, until payment and performance of the faid forfeiture, unlefs fuch person duce^ertiff bpon.his trial, produce a certificate under the hand of cate6, &c. three or more of his Majesty’s principal officers or commiffion-By 9 Geo. i. ers of the navy, ordnance or victuallers, expreffing the num-c* 8. f. 3 & 4. bers, quantities or weights of fuch goods, as he or (he lhall the penalty of , then be indited for, and the occafion and reafon of fuch goods mitigated,7 * Coming to his or her hands or poffeffion.

Penalty on ' HI. And forafnuch as divers wicked persons, during the late war perforating 5 critfiriee, for hicrp andghiti fyave perfinated feamen, who have really any feaman,or ferb'ed', or are fupp'ofed'to hqv( ferved on board his Map fly s Jhips, oTattfrne^6^ an&:tbereby have] received'divers fums af his Majejlys mongy at the bil^of fale^ or Ptf office, dr tlfewbere, of bis majejlfs officerj appointed for payment laft will, See,'	bis'Majejlf s feet aha/hips, in deceit, as well of his Mdjefty, as

Jhis claiife en- of ’ 'fbe persons who have really ffierved on hoard any of his Majeffs forced and ex- flips y and have alfofor fuch wicked purpofes. forged and!counterfeited

divers

Digitized by

Google

1698.3	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi IIL C.41.-	185

divers letters of attorney or bills of fale, alignments or lajl wills. In plained by the name or names of perfms who have really ferved, or were fuppofed1 Gco- *• ***** to have ferved on board his Majejly's faid flips, and have and do alfo *'C- - 7‘ procure daily, divers men and women to perforate, and divers wicked persons do of their own accord perforate the wives, relations or creditors of fuch feamen, who have, or are fuppofed to have, ferved on board of his Majesty's flips, and thereby have falfly taken out Utters of adminiftration to fuch feaman or Jkhmen, having ferved, or fuppo- + fed to have ferved on board of his Majeflfs flips, or have forged and counterfeited letters of attorney, bills of fale, or other authorities, in the names of the executors or adminiflrators of fuch feamen, for the receipt of fuch wages as were due, or fuppofed to be due, to fuch feamen, having ferved, or fuppofed to have ferved as aforefaid: For the prevention of which faid wicked pra&ices for the future, be it enabled. That all and every ftich person or persons, his, her or their aiders or abettors, that (hall be convi<5led of the faid crimes and offences, committed from and after the faid fouj- and twentieth day of June, (hall for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties to be inflidled by any laws now in force, forfeit the v fum of two hundred pounds, together with the cofts of profe-cution, one moiety to his Majesty, the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered as aforefaid, and (haH alfo luffer imprisonment until payment of the faid forfeiture.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed by the authority CommHEon-aforefaid, That the faid principal officers or commiffioners of ers of the na-the navy, ordnance or vidtualling office for the time being, may vy, ordnance, fell and difpbfe of any of the (lores aforefaid, fo marked as a-forefaid, as they did or might have done before the making of fores fomark-this adl; and that fuch person or persons as heretofore have or ed, &sc. fhall hereafter buy any fuch (lores, or other (lores fo marked as aforefaid, of the faid principal officers or commanders, or by -their order, may keep and enjoy the fame without incurring the penalty of this adl, or any law to the contrary whatfoever, up- g,,™ tohave on producing a certificate or certificates under the hand and a certificate foal of three or more of the faid principal officers or commif- thereof. See. fioners of the navy, ordnance or victualling office, that they bought fuch goods from them the faid principal officers or com-miflioners, or from fuch person or persons as did buy the faid (lores from the faid principal officers or commiffioners at any time before fuch (lores were found in their cuftody 5 in which quantities tq certificate or certificates the quantities of fuch (lores (hall be ex- be expreffe^. prefled, and the time when and where bought of the faid com-miflioners, who, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby impowered and diredled, from time to time, to give to fuch person or persons who (hall defire the fame, and have bought, and (hall hereafter buy any of the aforefaid (lores, within thirty days after the fale and delivery pf the faid (lores fo fold or to be (bid as aforefaid.

V.	And for the better encouragement of fuch persons who person fued fhall make feizures or difeoveries of any fuch (lores imbezilled may plead the or ftolen j be it ena<ft?d by the; authority aforefaid, That in cafe general

: ■	$ny

Digitized by v^ooQle

11$ Anno none & dccimo GulielMi IIL c.41. (1698,

any person or persons (hall be fued or profecuted for or by reason of their difeovering or feizing any fuch (lores or goods fo marked as aforefaid, that in every fuch cafe, fuch persons fo fued or profecuted may plead the general iflue, and give this a& and the fpecial matter in evidence: and in cafe that upon the trial of fuch i(Tue the defendants fo fued (hall make proof, that fuch goods or (lores, fo difeovered or feized by them, were fo marked as aforefaid, and that the plaintiffs or profecutors in fuch fuit or profccution (hall not at fuch trial make good proof that they were fo employed, or had fuch certificate as aforefaid, before fuch difeovery and feizure made, and that they did (hew the fame unto (uch defendants before fuch fuit or profecution commenced or brought, fuch defendant (hall be acquitted and found not guilty thereupon ; unlefs fuch defendants, upon fight of fuch certificate, did not deliver back unto fuch plaintiffs or prolocutors, at their requeft, or otherwife, all fuch goods and ftores fo feized, in as good plight and condition, as they were at the time of fuch certificate (hewn; and in cafe any fuch defendants (hall be fo or otherwife acquitted on fuch trial, and that fuch plaintiffs or profecutors (hall difeontypue fuch their fuit or profecution, or be nonfuited therein, fuch defendants (halt recover treble cods,

Geo.t.e. 14. VI. And whereas it is neceffiary that feamen should appoint attor* f* 10.	ides who may receive their pay in their abfence, but of late an evil

practice is introduced, that in the letters conflituting fuch attornieSy there is added a claufe purporting a will made by fuch feamen^ whereby they make their attornies their executors, and give their whole ejlate, or great part thereof the feamen being ignorant of the efficacy and conftquence of fitch a claufe, whereby the relations and families of , j(U£h feamen as are killed at fea often fiuffer great lofs: for prevent-wSl TOinta?ned *n8 luch inconveniency for the future, be it enabled by the au-in the fame in- thority aforefaid. That from and after the faid four and twep-finiment with tieth day of June, no will of any feaman contained, printed or written in the fame inllrument, paper or parchment, with a warrant or letter of attorney, (hall be good or available in law to any intent or purpofe whatfoever.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no ecclefiaftical court, or any person or perfopp

— v.v . whatfoever, under any pretence, do take or receive any more liters of ad-h ^an ^um one A^ng f°r the feah writing, or filing forth jniniftration to any letters of adminiftration granted, or hereafter to be granted, the wife; &c. to the wife or children of any Teaman whatfoever, dyipgin the pay pf any feaman of his Majesty’s navy, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch fea-Kin^s'nav*6 man amount t° the ^um twenty pounds : and if any officer n 8 navv* or officers (hall prefumc to take any more than the fum of one (hilling, the person or persons fo offending (hall forfeit to the party grieved the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or Information, in any pf hi? Majesty’s courts of record, or elfewhere.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the ai|-jpay°be lent to thority aforefaid. That nothing in this a<5l contained (hall bo

S0pftru<?d

a letter of attorney, (hall begood.

Ecclefiaftical court, &c. to take only i 8.

ng’s navy, pnlefi the good?, a-paount to *o 1

King's ft ores

Digitized by v^ooQle

re*

1698.] Anno nono& decimo Guuelmj III, C. 4*, 4.3.’ igjr conftrued to binder any the principal officers and coramiffioners any (hip in of the navy, or any chief commander of any of his Majesty’s lhips at fea, to lena any of his Majesty’s (lores to any merchant lhip or veflel in diftrefs, or otherwife, as might lawfully be f done before the making of this aft, in cafe fuch goods fo lent be	C

reftored with all poffible conveniency; and provided fuch person Borrower to or pcrfons fo borrowing the laid (lores, from time to time, have have a ccrti-fuch certificate as aforefaid, which the faid principal officers fcate. and commifiioners of the navy, or commander in chief, are hereby required to |ive to the party or parties that (hall fo borrow the fame. Tins made a publici a ft by i Geo. i. fe][. 2. cap..

25. feft. 14.

CAP. XUI.

An act for enlarging the time for regiftring of (hips, purfuant to the aft ___ for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in the plantation trade, •

cap. xuii.

An act for the hitter encouragement of the royal luftring company, ancttbe more effeftual preventing the fraudulent importation of [luftrings and alamodes.

WHEREAS the manufafture of black luftrings and alamodes, fet up by the royal luftring company, hath been very advanta-geous and beneficial to this kingdom, by employing great numbers of the poor, and preventing the exportation of our coin for purchafing ofthofe commodities in foreign parts: and whereas notwitbfianding the fevered laws made for the encouragement of the faid manufafture, and for the preventing the importation of fuch foreign ftlks without paying the duties charged thereon, great quantities of the faid foreign ftlks have been brought into this kingdom, without paying any duty or cuftom for the fame \ by means whereof the faid royal luftring company have been Very much difcouraged in the carrying on the fatd manufafture: for remedy whereof, and that the (aid company may have all due encouragement to enable them to proceed in fo good an undertaking, be it enafted, and it is hereby enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of July, in the year of our Lord No foreign a. one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, no foreign filks JamodesoiJu-9a] led or known by the name of Alamodes or Luftrings, (hall be \^p^ed into imported or brought into any port or place whatfoever within England, &c. the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick but in the port upon Tweed, other than the port of London only and that no- j* London, lice (hall be given to the commifiioners or chief managers of the &c’ puftoms in the faid port of London for the time being, of the quality and quantity, with the marks, numbers, and package of all fuch filks intended to be imported, with the name of the importer, and the name of the (hip, and her burthen, and the name of the matter or commander on which they are to be laden, and the place or port where the fame are to be (hipped or taken. on board, gnd a licence (hall be taken the hands of the

com-

Digitized by

r88 Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.43.	[1698.^

Licence to be commiflioners or chief managers of the cuftoms in the faid port London for the time being, or any three of them, for the fame!*2 * lading and importing of the fame as aforefaid, which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the persons demanding the fame.

Commiffion- II. And for the better preventing the fraudulent importation crs to feal a*a- of fuch filks, without paying the duties which are or (hall be

Snorted	^ue anc* P^Ya^e f°r t^ie ^ame > ^ ena&ed by the authority

*	aforefaid. That the commiflioners or chief managers of the

cuftoms in the faid port of London for the time being, (hall and are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to mark and feal, or caufe tQ be marked and fealed, all fuch alamodes and luftrings, which (hall, from and after the faid first day of July, be imported according to the directions ofithis a<5t, and to and keep an keep, or caufe to be kept an entry or regiftry thereof in the entry thereof. Cuftomrhoufe in the faid port of London, in a book to be provided for that purpofe only, which faid entry or regiftry (hall be ipade without any fee or reward, before the faid goods be delivered out of the cuftom-houfe warehoufe : and in cafe any of Alamodes,&c. the faid filks (hall be imported or brought into any port or place brought into whatfoever within this realm, other than the port of London, or any otherport^aii ^ imported without fuch notice first given, and licence 01 eite * taken out as aforefaid, and the duties paid for the fame, or (hall not be fo fealed and marked as aforefaid, fuch filks, or. the full value thereof, (hall be forfeited; and all ftich filks, which (hall be feized and forfeited by virtue of this or any former aCt, (hall be and tobe fold, fold and exported, and the fame rules and methods (hall be ob-and exported ferved in the felling and exporting thereof, as are mentioned ffiV. t. anc* conta*ne<^ an a& made in the eighth and ninth years of the $. 36.	reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An act for the further en-

couragement of the manufacture of luftrings and alamodes within this realm.

Penalty on III. And for the better preventing the importation of the perfonimrort-fgme, in relation to filks therein directed to be exported, and &c contrary* an^ everY Perf°n and persons whatfoever, who (hall import, io this a£t. bring or convey, or caufe or procure to be imported, brought or conveyed into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any alamodes or luftrings, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, or who (hall knowingly receive or take the fame into his, her or their houfe, warehoufe, cuftody or pofleffion, or (hall fell, barter, or offer to fale, or caufe to be fold or bartered, or offered to fale any fuch foreign filks fo fraudulently imported, and all and every their aiders, abettors and affiftants knowing thereof, (hall fory feit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, pfficers in the IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, jCing’s fervice That if any commifllon or warrant officer, or other person, who taking on n0w is, or hereafter (hall be, in the fervice of his Majesty, his portincalal I*e'rs or fucceff°rs, an^ (hall have the corrimand or charge of tnpfiesf &c. any (hip Qr veflel whatfoever, (hall import, bring, fend, or convey,

Digitized by Google

1698;] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C/43*	189

vey, or caufe, procure, or fufFer to be imported, brought, fent, made jncap-or conveyed, or take or load on board, any alamodes or luftrings, sfexricc in order to be imported into this kingdom, or ffiall unfhip, or &c * r fufFer to be unfhipped into any barge, hoy, boat or other veflel, Reward to any fuch filks, knowing thereof, he {hall, over and above the mariner or forfeitures and penalties to which he is liable by this or any other °**!er makinS a&, be ipfo fafio rendred incapable of ferving his Majesty, his 01 covery* heirs and fucceffors, either by fea or land, or of having or receiving any benefit or advantage which he (hall or may be in-titled to by virtue of fuch fervice; and if any feaman, mariner, or other person or persons whatfoever, belonging or which (hall belong to any fhip or veflel, fhall difcover any alamodes or luftringi, which fhall be imported, brought, fent, or conveyed in any fhip or vefTel whatfoever into this kingdom, or which fhall be unfhipped into any barge, hoy, boat, or other veflel, either at fea, or in any harbour, creek, or bay in this kingdom, in order to be imported, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<Sl, fuch person or persons making fuch difcovery, fhall (over above fuch part of the forfeitures and advantages to which he or ' they fhall be intitled by virtue of this a6t) be immediately discharged from his or their fervice on board fuch fhip or veflel, if he or they fhall defire the fame 5 and the captain or mailer of fuch fhip or veflel fhall immediately give him or them a ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, which fhall intitle him or them to all the wages due to him or them, for his or their fervice on board fuch fhip or veflel,

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty on if any person or persons whatfoever fhall alter, counterfeit, or person alter-mifapply, any or either of the feals or marks now ufed, or which Je^eitin^the fhall or may fie ufed, at the cuftom-houfe, for the feeling and ^ ^ marking alamodes and lullrings, according to the directions in of the cuftom-this or any other ad, or which now are or fhall be ufed by the houfc, or royal faid royal luftring company, for the marking and fealing the luftrillS cora“ goods made, or which fhall be made* by them, the offender and offenders, and all and every their aiders, abettors, and af-fiflants, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, and fhall be adjudged to Hand in the pillory in feme publick place for the fpace of two hours ; and all or buying or and every person and persons, who lhall buy or fell, or have in ^“8	^

his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, any alamodes or luftrings, ]££led? C* ° which aye or fhall be fealed or marked with a counterfeit feal or mark, or which (hall have any feal or mark ufed or to be ufed at the cuftom-houfe, or by the royal luftring company, thereunto affixed or put, which hath not been affixed and put thereto at the cuftom-houfe, or by the faid company, knowing thereof, and not difcovering the fame, fhall forfeit the goods fo fealed or marked, and alfo the fum of one hundred pounds. And for the better difcovering and feizing of the faid filks fo fraudulently imported, or not fealed and marked according to the directions in this a£t, or which fhall be fealed or marked with any counterfeit feal or mark, as aforefaid, it fhall and i$ay be law-

Digitized by v^ooQle

Perfon authorized may go into any ftiop, warehoufe, &c. and felze alamodes, &c. not marked. In cafe of refinance may break open doors, See.

Juft ices of peace to grant warrant to fearcher, See.

In cafe of dif-

£ute proof to e on importer, Sec.

Officers to aid

in execution of thi9 aft.

Penalty on officer conniving at fraudulent importation of ala-modes, See.

Offenders, Sec, to forfeit

Anno no no & decimo GUUELMI III. C.43.	£1698,

fill to and for any perlon or persons whatfoever, authorized by writ of affiftance under the feal of his Majeftv’s court of Exchequer , or with a conftable or other publick officer inhabiting near unto the place, with a warrant from a jufticeof the peace, and in the day-time, to enter and go into any houfe, (hop, cellar, warehoufe, or room, or other place whatfoever, to fearch for and feize any alamodes or luftnngs, imported contrary to this or any other aft, or not fealed and marked as aforefaid, or which (hall be fealed or marked with any counterfeit feal or mark; and in cafe of refiftance, to break open doors, chefts, trunks, and other package whatfoever, there to feize, and from thence to bring to his Majesty’s warehoufe any of the faid filks fo fraudulently imported, or not fealed and marked as afore-faid; and every juftice of the peace is hereby impowered and required to grant fuch warrant to any credible person or persons, making oath that he or they have realon to fufoeft or believe, that there are fome of the faid filks fo fraudulently imported, or not fealed and marked, as aforefaid, or which are fealed or marked with fome counterfeit feal or mark, in the place or places where he or they intend to fearch; and if any queftion, difpute, or doubt (hall arife, whether any fuch filks, as aforefaid, imported, found, feized, deceived, fold, bartered, or offered to fale or bar- , ter, as aforefaid, or any part thereof, were made or manufactured in parts beyond the feas, or whether the fame were imported contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, the proof (hall be incumbent only upon the importer, daimer, owner, proprietor, feller, barterer, or fuch person or persons in whofe hands orcuftody the faid filks (hall be found refpeftively, and riot upon the informer, feizer, or profecutor.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all officers belonging to the cuftoms, and all (heriffs, mayors, bailiffs, conftables, and other officers, (hall be aiding and affifting in the effeftual execution of this aft: and that if any officer or person of or belonging to the cuftoms, (hall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent importation, delivering, receiving, buying, or felling of any alAiodeS or lu-ftrings, contrary to the true meaning of this aft; or if fuch officer, or any informer, or other person or persons, (hall take upon him or them to feize any the faid filks, or profecute any person or persons, upon or by virtue or by means of this aft, or any other aft, and mall by fraud or Collufion defift or delay the profecution to condemnation of the faid filks, or any parttnere-6f, after feizure or ftay of the fame, or the profecution of any person or persons, for any offence againft this or any other aft, relating to the fraudulent importation of fuch filks, or the not fealing and marking fuch filks imported 5 he or they fo defifting or delaying (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

VII.	Provided always, and be it hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That for the more effeftual profecution of the

offences

Digitized by v^ooQle

i$98.] Armo nonb & dccimo Gulielmi lit 0.43.	*91

offences and offenders aga'mft this aft, all and every person and per- double for

tons whatfoever, that fhall be convifted for any offence againft this €vcr7 ^nce.

aft, or any other law relating to alamodes or luftrings, and

Ihail afterwards offend a fecond or any more time or times, fuch

perfon or persons (after conviction) fhall, fo often as he or they

ihail fo offend, forfeit and pay double the fum inflicted or im-

pofed by this aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. How offend-That all and every person and persons, who fhall be guilty of cr*J!,aM^ any offence or offences contrary to the true intent and meaning pwdeeuted, of this aft, or any other aft relating to alamodes and luftrings, lhall and may be profecuted for any fuch offence or offences, in any aftion, fuit or information, and thereupon a Capias in the first procefs, fpecifying the fum of the penalties fued for, fhall and may ifliie ; and fuch person or persons fhall be obliged to give good and fufficient bail and fecurity by natural bom fub-jedts, persons naturalized, or denizens, to the officer ferving or executing the writ or procefs on or againft him, her, or them, to appear in the court out of which fuch writ or procefs fhall iflue at the day of the return of fuch writ or procefs, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution, and fhall, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch persons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in cafe h<5, fhe, or they fhall be convift thereof, or to yield his, her, of their bodies to prifon,

* IX, And for the encouragement and better enabling all fuch How penalties (whether officers of the cuftoms or others) that fhall effectually and forfei-put this aft in execution, it is hereby further enaftedby the au- tures are to be thority aforefaid, That all the penalties and forfeitures hereby	and

or by any former law relating to alamodes or luftrings given or t * itnpofed, or which fhall arife Or accrue in refpeft thereof, or for the importing, conveying, delivering, receiving, buying, or felling of any alamodes or luftrings, fhall be diftributed and divided in manner following (that is to f^y) two third parts thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the remaining third j>art to fuch person or persons as fhall feize or fue for the fame ; the charge of which fuit or profecution (hall be borne by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, out of his Majesty’s part of the faid forfeitures and penalties; any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: and further, that it fhall and may be lawful for any person or persons to fue for andpro-fecute, and to recover the forfeitures and penalties inflifted or impofed by this prefent aft, or by any other aft, relating to alamodes or luftrings, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJiminJlery wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law fhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance; and that all and every person and persons that fhall feize or flay any of the faid filks, or profecute any of the offences or offenders againft this or any other aft relating to alamodes or luftrings, may lay his

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

Before claims

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 43*	[16981.

or their information or a&ion, and try the fame, in fuch place or'places, and ufe fuch and the like method and courfe of proceedings, in profecuting and condemning of the faid filks, as are, have been, or may be ufed in or about the feizing, condemning, or profecuting of any goods or commodities for nonpayment of cuftoms or other duties, or any perfoh or persons for offending againft any of the laws or ftatutes relating to the cuftoms.

X.	And for the aveiding of fraud and delay lft profecuting to

ties, See.

By 5 Anns,

C. 20. f. 4..

Claimtrs are only to give fe-curity for the eofts, See.

And in default goods forfeited.

General aft.

filks, he, fhe, or they (hall be obliged to give good and fufficient fecurity by recognizance, to be entred into before one of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or fome judge of the court where fuch claim fhall be eriterd, to anfwer and pay the penalties and forfeitures incurred by virtue of this a<ft, with full cofts of fuit, if, upon a trial or other determination in law, a verdict (hall pafs, or judgment (hall be entred, for the plaintiff; and in cafe default (hall be in giving fuch fecurity*Within fhe time limited by the rules of the court for entring claims, then the faid goods (hall be adjudged forfeited, and judgment entred accordingly.

XI.	And for the preventing of difputes touching this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the fame, and every claufe and thing therein contained, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken tp be a general law; and that it (hall and may be lawful to (hew or fet forth the fame, or any claufe thereof in pleading; and that the fame and all and every claufe therein contained, (hall be conftrued moft largely and beneficially for the advantage of the profecutor, and for the preventing of all the mifehieft and abufes herein provided againft; and further,

Perfon filed That if any person or persons (hall be fued, molefted, or pro-may plead the fecuted for any thing done by virtue and in purfuance of this general iffue. a(c^ fuch person and persons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this a<ft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff (hall difeontinue his adtion, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him upon demurrer, or other-wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff.

XII.	Provided always. That all informations, adlions, and fuits to be brought by any informer for any offence againft this adt, (hall be brought and commenced withi^i two years after the offence committed; any former adt to the1 contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas the King’s ntoji excellent majejfy, together1 with the late Sheen (of hlejfed memory) by their letters patents or charter under the great Jeal of England, bearing date the fifteenth day of Odtober, in the fourth year of their faid Majejlies reign, renting or taking notice, that feveral persons therein, named did obtain

the

Treble cofts.

AdKon to be brought in two years after offence committed.

Digitized by v^ooQle

tlSpS.] Anna nono & dedmo GulIelMi III. c. 43.	193

the late King James the Second's letters patents* bearing date the three and twentieth day of November, in the fourth year of his reign* for the foie ufe* exercife* and benefit of a new invention of making* drejfing* and hfirating of filks, called plain black alamodes, renforcez, and luftrings, for the term of fourteen years from the day of the date of the fold letters patents* their faid Majefties did* for the encouraging Jo commendable an undertaking* give* grant* confii-» tute* declare* and appoint Thomas earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, and fever ail other perfions in the find charter mentioned and contained* and fuch others* as should be admitted into their fociety* to be from thenceforth one bddy corporate and politick* in deed and in name* by the name ofT\iz Royal Luftring Company, for making and drejfing of alamodes* renforcez* and luftrings in England* and by that name to have perpetual fucceffion * and divers and fundry pri- * vileges* liberties* powers* and authorities* with other matters and things in the faid charter of incorporation mentioned and exprejfed* were thereby granted to* and vefied in* the faid company* and their fuccejfors* in fuch fort* manner* and form* as in and by the faid charter* or letters patents* or intollment thereof* is mentioned and exprejfed* and as thereby it more fully appears i and forafmuch as the faid company have with great labour and charges brought the faid ma* nufaCture to perfection* but by reafon of the fraudulent importation of alamodes and lufirings by divers perfons* more regarding their own inter efi* than the welfare ^England, their duty to the King* andobe~ dience to the laws of the land* the faid company hatje not enjoyed the benefit and advantage intended them in and by the faid charter* but wafted their time and flock* in contefting with many difficulties and obfiruCiions* which they have met with fence the granting thereof: end it appearing that the faid manufacture cannot be fo Well carried an* and fecured to this kingdom* by any other means* as by efiablijhing a company to carry the fame; be it therefore enacted by the autho- Royal luftrina rity aforefaid, That the aforefaid company, and their fucceflors, company and (hall and may at all times from henceforth (land, continue, and a^ody be a body politick and corporate in deed and in name, by the corporate* &c. name of The Royal Luftring Company 5 and that the faid company, and enjoy ail and their fucceflors, ftiall and may have, do, ufe, exercife, and liberties, prU enjoy all and Angular the liberties, privileges, powers, autho-rities, matters, and things in the faid letters patents, or charter the letters pan of incorporation, mentioned to be granted to them, as amply, tents, fully, and largely, to all intents, conftrudfciorts, and purpofes* as if the fame were word for word recited and fet down at large in this prefent adt.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Company to That the faid royal luftring company, and their fucceflors, (hall have the foie and may have and enjoy the foie ufe, exercife, and benefit of J!re *rt<i bene-making, dreflingv and luftrating of plain black alamodes, ren- abodes, &L forces, and luftrings, within the kingdom of England* domini- for years. * on of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* foi* and during the term of fourteen years, to be reckoned and accounted from the four and twentieth day of June* one thoufand fix hundred ninety eip:ht, and from thence to the end of the next feflions of Vol. X.	O	par*

Digitized by Google

194	Anno	nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44. £1698.

parliament; any thing in the faid letters patents made and granted by the mid late King James, or in the faid letters patents, or charter of incorporation, made and granted by his pre-fent Majesty and the faid late Queen, or any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding,

XV.	And whereas the Jaid royal lujlring company have feventeen hails of fine Italian thrown filk in Amfterdam, which were brought thither over land before the conclufeon of the peace, and were defigned to be imported into this kingdom, to be ufed in the manufacture of ala-modes and luflrings-, but by reafon of Jeveral difficulties and obftruc-tions, which the (aid company have met with in the faid manufacture, the faid filk could not be imported within the time limited by law for the importation thereof\ be it therefore enadted by the authority Company may aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid ba^ of filk c°mpany to import into this kingdom the aforefaid feventeen from Amfter- bails of filk, at any time before the twenty ninth day of Septem-dam, paying ber next, they paying the duties to his Majesty, which by law the duties. are to be paid for the fame; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An aCt for raijing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies.

For the further continuance of the Eaft India

6%nr\2t{c.i7, ioAnnae,c.28. 5Geo. 1. c.ii. 7 Geo. 1. flat. 7. c. 21.

9 Geo. 1. c. 16. 3 Geo. 2. c.14. 'Tbefe duties on fait were repealed by 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. £, 1. but revived for other vfesby S Geo.2.c. 6.

An additional duty of 5 d. per gallon on fait imported, from 1 July, 1698, to 25

Dec em. JC99,

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons >in parliament afTembled, considering your Majesty’s extraordinary occafions, and being defirous to (upply the fame in fuch manner, as may be leaft grievous to your Majesty’s fubjedts, do humbly prefent your Majesty with the further gift of the impofitions, rates, and duties, herein after mentioned 5 and do befeesh your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That there (hall be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, levied, colledted, and paid unto his Majesty* his heirs and fucceffors, for fait, the feveral additional rates and duties herein after mentioned (over and above all other duties already payable for the fame by any adt or adts of parliament before this time made and now in force) that is to fay,

II. For every gallon of fait, that from and after the first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and before the five and twentieth day of December, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of five pence of lawful Englijb

money.

Digitized by

1698.] Anno noilo & decimo GulIElmi III. c.44i	1$$

money, to be paid by the importer and importers thereof, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

III.	And for every gallon of fait, that from and after th^ four and yd* per and twentieth day of December^ which (hall be in the year of our gallon from ’ Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, and in all times *4 December# coming from thenceforth for ever, (hall be imported, as afore- 1 or laid, there (hall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors,

as a perpetual duty, the fum of feven pence of like money* to be paid by the importer and importers thereof, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

IV.	And for every gallon of fait and rock fait, that from and For home after the faid first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety ?*a(le fait, eight, and before the five and twentieth day of December, which to *< Ihall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety Decem. 1699. nine, (hall be made at the fait works. Or taken out of any fait 1 d. halfpenny pit or pits within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of per gallon, Wales, $nd town of Berwick upon Tweed, or fold or delivered

from the fame, there (hall be paid to his Majesty the fum of two pence halfpenny of like money, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

V.	And for every gallon of fait and rock fait, that from and ***& from 14 after the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix ^ccem.^169^* hundred ninety nine, and in all times coming from thenceforth Lr

for ever, (hall be made at the fait works, or be taken out of any ever? pit or pits within the kingdom, dominion, or town aforefaid, Subject never-* there (hall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as a thelefs to re-perpetual duty, the fum of three pence halfpenny of like mo- s^pAnnae ney, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; whfch 0.174^5.	*

faid duties upon fait hereby granted, (hall neverthelefs be ftibjetft to fuch condition and power of redemption as are hereafter in this aft contained.

VL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Duty on ^ That the feveral duties hereby fet on all foreign and imported reiga fait to felt, (hall be from time to time fatisfied and paid by the , mer- be paid by im* chant or merchants, importer or importers of the fame, in ready P°rter‘ money, upon his or their entry or entries made, and before the landing thereof; and that in cafe any foreign or imported fait t - r. (hall be landed or put on (hore out of any (hip or veflel	before

beyond the feas, before due entry be made thereof, with the entry, Stc. for-colledtor or officer appointed or to be appointed for the faid du- feited,andalfo ties on fait, in the port or place where the fame (hall be im-ported, or before the duties hereby impofed be fully fatisfied and u e * paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering pf fuch imported fait, first figned by the hand of the faid colle&or ot officer for the faid duty on fait, in the faid port and place refpec-* tively, that all fuch imported fait as (hall be landed, put on (hore, and delivered contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, or the value thereof, and alfo ten (hillings for every bufhel of fuch fait fo landed, put on (hore or delivered, and fo kl proper* tkm for any greater or lefler quantity, (hall he forfeited and loft; Importer to neYerthefeU, that all and every perfonand persons importing b*ve 6 months

OV	aaytorP^«at-

Digitized by Google

196

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44.	[1698.

fTbefe fix enlarged to 9 months by 5 Annae, c. 29, f.s.

Duties to be managed by

And 101. per any fait into this kingdom, for which theaforefaid duties are cent.for ready payabje by this a<ft, (hall have fix months time for the payment thereof, From the time of the importation, giving fecurity to the person appointed to collect the fame; and in cafe fuch importer (hall pay ready money, he (hall have after the rate often pounds per centum per annum out of the faid duties abated him.

VII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid,

........._	. That all the faid duties on fait (hall, from time to time, for ever,

commiffioners be within the receipt, management and government of the chief of excife. commiffioners and governors of the receipt of excife for the time x Ahn. ft. 1. being $ and that all collectors and other officers neceflary for the c. aj. . a . afcertaining, collecting or receiving of the faid duties upon f^lt, (hall be conftituted and appointed under the hands and feals of the faid commiffioners and governors of the receipt of excife for the time being, or the major part of them, and that all penalties and forfeitures by this aCt impofed, concerning the faid duties upon fait, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied and received, or mitigated, by the fame means, rules, ways and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture is to be fued for or recovered, as is mentioned, exprefled, or directed to be recovered in and by one ftCar. 2. c.24.a<^ °f parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and fettling a revenue on his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law or ftatute now in force relating to the revenue of excife, and that as fully and amply to all intents, as if the feveral claufes in the faid aCts or any of them contained were herein re-enaCted or repeated.

Makers and VIII. And be it enaCted, That all makers and proprietors of proprietors of fait, and rock fait, within the kingdom of England, dominion of fait to make Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall from time to time make true entries with the faid officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fome or one of them, of the quantities of fait fo by them made or taken out of any pit or pits, and delivered or imported as aforefaid ; and (hall likewife have a warrant or ticket under the hand and feal of fome one of the faid officers, impower-ing fuch maker or proprietor of fait to carry away the fame, before fuch time as the faid fait made or taken out of any pit or pits, within any the places aforefaid, or any part thereof, (hall be removed or carried from the refoeCtive fait works or pits, under the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; which faid warrant the'faid officers are hereby required to give gratis, and without delay, unto the faid makers or proprietors And have fix of fuch fait, upon payment or giving fecurity for the payment months for of the duties hereby granted within fix months after fuch entry payment. made} which fecurity the faid commiffioners and officers are hereby authorized and required to accept upon fuch entry as And an allow- aforefaid.

percent10per	Provided always. That if any person or persons, at the

Ann.forready time of the entry and delivery of his or their fait, (hall pay money. down the duty hereby impofed, fuch perfQn gr persons (hall be

allowed

true entries with officers.

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

i6g8.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. 0.44;	197

allowed at the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for the fame.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That officers may it (hall and may be lawful for the faid officers fo appointed, to fe»e felt con-feize all fuch fait, which (hall from and after the (aid first day

of Jufyy one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, be conveying caaj

or conveyed by day or by night, either by land or by water, 9

before due entry be made of fuch fait, without warrant, ticket

or licence, obtained from the commiflioners of the faid duties

upon fait granted by this a<ft, their collectors or officers, or

fome or one of them as aforefaid, for the conveying or carrying

the faid fait 5 and the fait that (hall be fo feized mall be brought and if not '

to the office appointed for the fame duties, next adjoining to the claimed in 10

place where fuch fait (hall be fo feized, there to be detained and

kept 5 and in cafe the fait fo feized, (hall not be claimed by the

true and lawful owner thereof, or by one deputed under his or

their hand, within ten days after feizure, the faid fait (hall be

abfolutely forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and

(hall be fold the next general day of fale to be appointed by the

commiffioners, or their officers refpedtively, after the faid days

are expired, the one moiety or half part of the proceed thereof,

(all neceflary charges being first deducted out of the whole) to be paid to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety or half part to be paid to the party or parties who feized the fame; and in cafe fuch fait fo feized (hall be And if claim-claimed within ten days by the true and lawful owner thereof, «d without or by one deputed thereunto under his hand, and if the faid	fome

owner or claimer (hall neverthelefs negleft or refufe to make, it wasdu1yen-appear before the next juftice of the peace of the county where trcd to be for-fuch feizure (hall be made, by the oath of one or more credible feited. witnefles (which oath the faid juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) that the (aid fait fo feized was or had been duly en-tred, and a warrant, ticket or licence obtained for the carrying and conveying the fame as aforefaid, that then the faid fait (hall Jikewife be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors : Penalty on and every person who (hall carry or convey, or caufe any fait pcrfons car-to be carried and conveyed, before due entry made, and warrant ^"before^en-or licence obtained as aforefaid, (hall likewife forfeit to his Ma- xry made, jeftv, his heirs and fucceflors, double the value, and alfo ten (hillings per bu(hel, and after that rate, of and for fuch felt fo carried and conveyed.

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That no retailer or (hop-keeper	.

(hall be permitted to (hip any felt, to be fent to any port or	da-

place within this kingdom of England, dominion of IVales^ and tyispaidorfe-town of Berwick upon Tweedy before he hath made it appear cured, before by oath, or otherwife, before the commiflioners for collecting faltbclhipped. ot the faid duties granted by this a<ft, or their officers, or fome

or one of them (which oath they have hereby power to adminifter) that the duty of fuch felt is paid or fecured to be paid, or that it was bought of fome other retailer or (hop-keeper that hath paid the duty.

O 3	XU.	And

Digitized by Google

19$	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. 044.	[1698#

Matter of (hip XII. And be it further enacted. That all and every mailer to deliver par- gn<j commander of any (hip or veflel whatfoever, that from and Jc^or^oath" a^ter t^ie faid Aril day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, (hall tranfport or carry any fait, or rock fait, from one port to another within this kingdom of England> dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall, before he Prvuifions for or they have any warrant for the landing or delivering of fuch poats, fifr. car- felt (by him tranfported and carried on Ihore in any port) deli-¥efflJxdbf ^ ver t0 ^ officers for collecting the faid duties granted by this GeoVi. % j8. *n faid port appointed to receive the fame, a true par-(.	ticular	pf the quantity fo tranfported and carried a9 aforefaid,

figned by the officers for collecting the faid duties granted by this aCt, and by the officers of the cuftoms, of the port from whence the faid (hip or veflel came; and then the mailer or his mate, or the boatfwain of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall make oath before the commifiioners for collecting the (aid duties granted by this aCt, or their officers, or fome or one of them (who am hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) that to his know* ledge there hath not been laid on board, or taken into the faid Ihip or veflel, any fait fince he or they came from fuch port as aforefaid : and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel be to deliver one part pf her fait at one port, and another part at another port or ports, that then the officers for collecting the faid duties, and the officers of the cuftoms, when fuch part of the faid fait (hall be delivered, (hall certify on the backfide of the cocquet, Tran* ftre, or other warrant, or elfe by certificate alone, under the Jiands and feals of the officers, how much, and what quantity of the fait mentioned in the cocquet, Tranftre9 or other warrant, from the pprt from whence fuch (hip and veflel came, hath been there landed and delivered, upon the penalty of forfeiting double the value of the fait that (hall be ptherwife delivered, and likewife ten (hillings per bulhel, and after that rate as aforefaid.

Mo fee to be XIII. And be it further enaCted, That no fee or reward be taken for de- had or taken for making, ifluing or granting any debentures, Ventures, &c. tickets, warrants, or licences, concerning the duties upon fait* but that the fame be made, ififued, and granted gratis, and with-put delay.

Allowances to XIV, Provided always, and be it enaCted by. the authority be made for aforefaid. That for all fuch fi(h hereafter mentioned, as.ftiaU via.^P°rte * be exported from any port or place in this kingdom, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, into parts beyond the feas, by any person or persons whatfoever, the rates or fums of money hereafter exprefled, fhall by virtue of thi$ aCt be allowed ana paid (over and above the allowances for fi(h by any former aCts now in being) that is to fay.

For every cafe XV. For every cafk or veflel of pilchards or fcads, contain-of pilchards or jng fifty gallons, which (hall be exported after the faid frrft fcads, See, 28 s. jay Qf Jyly^ one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and before;

the five and twentieth day of December, which (hall be in the? year of our Lord ope thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the

.................  *	fun*

Digitized by v^ooQle

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 44.	199

fum of twenty /hillings: and for every fuch calk or veflel of pilchards or leads, which lhall be fo exported after the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, at any time or times whatfoever, the fum of eight and twenty (hillings, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity.

XVI.	For every barrel of white herring, which (hall be ex- White herring ported after the faid first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred 5 •• 10 d. per ninety eight, and before the five and twentiety day of December, ®arrc^‘

one thoofand fix hundred ninety nine, the fum ot four (hillings and two pence: and for every fuch barrel of white herring, which (hall be be fo exported, at any time or times after the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the fum of five (hillings and ten pence, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity of white herrings.

XVII.	For every barrel of red herring, which (hall be export- Red herring, ed after the faid first day of Jufy7 one thoufand fix hundred 4 •«8 d. ninety eight, and before the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, the fum of three {hillings and four pence : and for every barrel of red herring,

which (hall be exported at any time or times after the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the fum of four (hillings and eight pence, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefler quantity of red herrings.

XVIII.	For every barrel of falmon, which (hall be exported Salmon, 11 f* after the faid first day of July7 one thoufand fix hundred ninety 8

eight, and before the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, the fum of eight (hillings and four pence : and for every barrel of falmon, which (hall be exported at any time or times, after the four and twentieth day of Decembery one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, the fum of eleven (hillings and eight pence, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity of falmon.

XIX.	And for every hundred of codfilh, ling, or hake, Codfifii, ling, which (hall be exported after the faid first day of July7 one thou- or hake, 35 «• {and fix hundred ninety eight, and before the five and twentieth Per ,09* day of Decembery one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine,

the fum of five and twenty (hillings : and for every hundred of codfilh, ling, or hake, which (hall be exported at any time or times, after the four and twentieth day of Decembery one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, the fum of five and thirty ^

(hillings, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

XX.	For every laft of dried red fprats, which (hall be export-	,

ed after the faid first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred nine-	s*8 *

ty eight, the fum of fix (hillings and eight pence, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXI.	Which allowances by this a(hall be paid by the of- xo be paid in ficer appointed to colleft the duties upon fait payable by this the port from a£t, in the fame port from whence any fuch fi(h (hall be export- whence ex*

$4* yrithift thirty days after demand thereof, on 4 debenturet0 portcd*

O 4	be

£90	Anno	nono	& derimo Gulielmi III. 0.44, [1698.

be prepared by the collector of the cuftoms, in the port where fuch fifh (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the person executing the office of fearcher in fuch port, as to the quantity of fi(h a&ually (hipped ; and that the oath of the exporter pr agent be first taken before the principal officers of the '	(aid port, before the debenture be allowed, who are hereby re-

quired and impowcred to give the faid oath, that the fifh in fiich debenture mentioned were Englijb taken, and really exported to parts beyond the feas, and not intended to be relanded in England[, Wales^ or Berwick; for which debenture no fee or reward (hall be taken. And in cafe the officer hereby directed to pay fuch debenture, (hall not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, then upon certificate thereof by him made (which certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis and without delay) the principal commiffiohers for mar-paging the revenue of excife of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, for the time being, (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to be made in courfe out of the first money in their hands arifing out of the faid duties upon fait; and any officer neglecting or refufing to pay the faid money, or to give fuch certificate, as is here directed, (hall forfeit double the fum fo to be paid to the party grieved, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

Officers to de- XXII. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority liver certifi- aforefaid, That if any person or persons (hall export beyond the cates gratis. feas, any fait, as well foreign as Englijb, or any rock-fait, the Anns c ia, °®cer t^ie P^e where the faid fait was made, taken out of f. 9. ’ pits> or imported, and the duty thereof paid or fecured to be this it declared paid, (hall, upon demand, deliver gratis, and without delay, a t° extend to fait certificate under his hand and feal, that the duty impofed by *his on fuch fait, hath been duly paid or fecured to be paid;

■	and then the officer of the place where the fait is exported, up~

pq producing the faid certificate, and oath made of (hipping off the faid fait, and of its not being relanded in England or Wales, (hall give a debenture under his hand, without delay, fee, or reward, for repayment of the faid duty; which being produced to the officer of the place where the duty on the faid fait fiiall have been paid or fecured to be paid, fuch fecurity (hall be difcharged, and all and every fum and fums of money, paid for the duty of the faid fait by this aCt, (hall be repaid, upon demand, by the faid officer without fee or reward.

Salt not made XXIII. And be it further enaCted and declared, That all fait WalesSorBer- ^P0^ or brought by fea or land into the kingdom of Eng-wick, to pay	dominion	of	Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy and

as foreign. not of the produCt of any of the faid places, (hall be adjudged and deemed to be foreign fait imported, and (hall be charged Scotch fait to as with higher duties by this aCt charged upon fait im-be entred at ported \ and that all Scotch fait brought into England by land Carlifle op (hall bp entred at Carlifle or Berwick, with the officer or officers Berwick, fpr that purpofe there tQ be appointed, under the penalty or

forfeiture

Digitized by L.ooQLe

201

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 44.’

forfeiture of double the value of, and after the rate of ten (hillings per bu(hel for, fuch fait fo brought in.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That if any Pwfons fued person or persons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any on this a& thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this adt, may Plc?dthe he or they (hall or may plead the general iffue, and give this adt & *erai U€* in evidence for his defence; and if upon a trial a verdidt (hall

pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuit, difcontinue, or forbear profecuting the faid actions, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have double cods to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which colts he (hall have fuch remedy, as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted. That no writ or No writ of writs of Certiorari (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings Certiorari to upon any order or orders made by the faid chief commiflioners fuF*rfc<fc the or juftices of the peace, concerning the faid duties upon fait, commiffion.° in purfuance of this a<ft, but that execution and other proceed- ers, &c. ings (hall and may be had and made thereupon; any fuch writ

or writs or allowance thereof notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it enadted, That no fait (hall be delivered No fait to be from any fait works or pits, without notice first given to the of- deiiveredwith-ficer appointed for that purpofe, upon pain of forfeiting of the ^ven^ooffi, fait fo delivered, and after the rate of ten (hillings per bulhel for cer, &c. the fame, to be recovered from the owner or owners of the fait Penalty, works or pits, where fuch fait (hall be fo, delivered, the one

moiety or half-part of which forfeitures to be to the ufe of the wofecutor, and the other moiety or half-part to the tife of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any of the fait, for which the duty (hall have been re- person landing paid or discharged upon the exportation thereof, as is herein £alt 5ftcr duty before diredted, (hall (by fraud or otherwife) be landed in Eng- paid,before land, dominion of Wales ^ or town of Berwick upon Tweedy be- the duty be fore the duty be again paid, and fuch entry, and all other things again paid, performed, as are herein before required, in cafe where any foreign fait is imported, every person fo offending (hall forfeit

double the value (and after the rate of ten (hillings per bufhel) of fuch fait fo landed, and fuch other penalties and forfeitures as are herein inflidted upon any person, who (hall land any	'

foreign fait contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt.

XX VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Allowance to That if any merchant or other person, being a fubjedt of this fubjefts of realm of England, (hall (hip any fait, or rock-falt, that (hall have paid the duty to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by which perilhed this adt impofed, to convey it by fea to any part of England, at fea, and the veffel on which fuch fait as aforefaid is (hipped (hall either perilh at fea, or be taken by enemies with fuch fait on board her, that in fuch cafe any merchant or person, owner of the faid fait, (hall, upon proof made before the juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions held for the county, riding, divifion, prtown, wherein he doth inhabit, of the lufs of fuch fait fo

(hipped,

Digitized by Google

2Q2

Salt after entry may be re moved to convenient warehoufes.

Contract before s 5 Dec. 1698. void. Exception.

Rock fait to be entred by weight.

120 ib. wt. to bulhel.

Refiners of rock-fait, to have an additional abatement of 2 s. {.d, perbuihel.

Anno nono & dcdmo GulielMi III* c. 44.	[	1698.

(hipped, receive from the faid felfions a certificate that fuch proof was made before them 5 and upon producing the faid certificate to any of the officers appointed to colled* the duty by this ad* impofed, the faid officer or officers are hereby required to let fuch persons buy the like quantity of fait, as is exprefied in the certificate to be loft, without paying to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, any duty or excife for the fame; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That it (hall and ‘ may be lawful for the owners and proprietors of any falt-rock " or rock-falt, to remove and carry out of and from the pits or

warehoufes adjoining to or belonging to fuch pits, into his or their own warehoufes, or other places for ftoring thereof, for conveniency of felling or fhipping off the fame, any of the faid falt-rock or rock-falt, after due entry made thereof, and a warrant or ticket taken for the fame, from the officer next to fuch falt-pits ; which warrant or ticket the faid officer is hereby required upon demand to give without fee or reward, as afore-faid; and that the faid owners or proprietors (hall not be obliged to pay or fecure the payment of the faid duty, until fuch time as the faid falt-rock or rock-falt fttall be fold and delivered as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no person or persons whatfoever (hall be obliged, by virtue of any contradt made at any time before the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight:, to deliver any fait or rock-falt, unlefs the person who is to receive the fame, fhall, before or at the time of delivery of the fame by fuch contradt, pay to the feller thereof fuch fum or fums as he (hall have paid, or fecured to pay, for fo much of the duties thereupon as are impofed by virtue of this adt.

And whereas falt-rock, or rock-falt, taken out of pits in fuch great lumps that cannot be meafured without breaking the fame to powder, would be great lofs to the proprietors thereof; be it therefore enacted, That all falt-rock or rock-falt, taken out of pits, (hall be entred by weight only; and that one hundred and twenty t pounds weight thereof (hall be deemed and taken to be a Win-chejler bufliel, of eight gallons Winchejler meafure, and (hall be entred, rated, and taxed accordingly.

XXXI.	And to the intent that fait made by melting and refining of rock-falt may not, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this .adt* be charged more than other Englijb fait ; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where any fuch rock-falt (hall be melted and refined, which had before paid the duty impofed by this adt, according to the diredtion of the fame, the person who (hall make fuch fait by refining,

, (hall (over and above his allowance by any former adt) receive, by virtue of this adt, an allowance and abatement of the duty on the fait by him fo made, after the rate and proportion of two (hillings and four pence for every bu(hel of fuch rock-falt, fo melted and refined, which had paid the duty, as aforefaid, and[

Digitized by Google

1698*] Anno nono & dcdmo Gulielmi III. c.44;	203

bring weighed in the prefence of the officer before melted down, and oath being first made before fome juftice of the peace, near adjoining to fuch falt-works, of the particular quantities of the faid rock-falt fo by him employed in making the faid fait by refining, which oath the faid juftice of the peace is herebyEmpowered to adminifter, and upon due proof, by oath or other-wife, made of the payment of the duty impofea by this zA.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it cnafled. That it (hall Charge of and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- management ceilors, or to or for the commiflioners of the treafury, or any ** paid out three or more of them, or the treafurer of the Exchequer for the thedut*l* time being, out of the faid duties arifing upon (alt by this aft,

to caufe fuch fum and fums of money to be expended and paid from* time to time, for falaries or other incident charges, as mail be neceflary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the fame duties upon fait; any thing in this zA contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted by the au- what fajt ^ thority aforefaid, That all fak made from rock-falt (allowing intended to be the drawback for the fame, as in this a6t is mentioned) and au charged, refined fait, or fait made from fait, either imported or made in England^ is and is intended to be charged and chargeable with

the faid duties by this zA granted ; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And to the end the faid duties upon fait may be AU ^ equally paid, it is hereby declared and enalted by the authority cept rock- * aforefaid. That all fait at all falt-works and fait pks (rock-falt fait) to be af-excepted) (hall be afeertained, as to the payment of the faid c^ined at duty by this a<ft, at the rate of fifty fix pounds weight to the

bufhel, and no more.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled and declared by the au- scotch fait,

thority aforefaid. That all fait, whether brought from Scotland andallimport-by land, and alfo all imported fait, whether the fame be of the ed fait, landed product or manufacture of this kingdom, or of the dominion ^ °forfekril" of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy brought in, landed, 9	*

or put on (hore, before due entry made with the officers appointed to receive the fame, and payment of the duties by this

zA impofed, (hall be forfeited, and after the rate of ten (hillings per bufhel.for fuch fait, to be recovered from the offender (to wit) one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that (hall or will feize, inform, or fue for the fame; any thing in this zA to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And for the better afeertaining the faid duties on fait, according to the buftiel of fifty fix pounds weight, herein before declared, in all parts and places where any fait-work or falt-pit is or (hall be ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That every coHe&or or officer, appointed to receive and collect Colle&ors to the (aid duties upon (alt, (hall provide, at every fuch felt-work provide (bale# or falt-pit, a fufficient beam, fcale, and weights, or fteelyard,at eyery ;nd fhali have liberty to $x the fame in fome convenient place wor ’

;	in

Digitized by Google

204	Ann6	nono	&	dccimo	Gulielmi III. c.44.	[1698.

in or about fuch falt-work, or fait pit, for the weighing all fait that (hall be delivered from fuch falt-work or falt-pit; and that - one or more person or persons (as occafion (hall require) living in or near fuch falt-work or falt-pit, (hall be admitted and fworn to the due and true weighing all fait from thence to be delivered, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace near adjoining (which oath he or they are hereby impowered to admi-nifter) without fee or reward; and fuch weigher and weighers ftiall be fatisfied and paid for their pains in weighing fuch fait by the faid colle&or or officer for the faid duties.

XXXVII.	And whereas the carriers of fait do frequently load feveral horfes with fait at one falt-work, and at one time, for which they have had but one warrant or permit, and are often obliged, for convenient carriage of the faid fait to feveral places, to feparate the faid horfes, and to drive them feveral roads, by which means fame of Officers to de	fa^ ft* ma?	liable to feizure: for the prevention therefore

liver as many" °f *uch inconveniences to the faid carriers, it is hereby ena<5ted, •warrants or and the faid officers are hereby ftri&ly charged and required to permits to fait deliver gratis, and without delay, fuch and fo many feveral earners as they warrants or permits to each carrier of fait as he (hall demand, ire, gra is. ^ feveral horfe-loads of fait, as he (hall load at one time, and at one falt-work.

561b. wt. a XXXVIII. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid* buihel of fait. That all persons felling fait made for ufe (except foreign fait) (hall fell the fame after the rate of fifty fix pounds weight to the bufhel, and not otherwife, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity; and that every person offending therein, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds to the informer, to be fued for and recovered in fuch manner, as other forfeitures by this a<ft are to be fued for and recovered.

XXXIX. And for the preventing of exadtions upon fale of fait in this kingdom, and to have the rates and prices thereof Lord mayor of afcertained; be it further ena&ed and declared by the authority London, See. aforefaid, That the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the theVrk*of	London	(hall	and	may	(and	are	hereby required, in the

fait m London, court of aldermen within the city of London, upon or before and bills of the tenth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix mortality, hundred ninety eight) fet, afeertain, and publilh in writing, certain reafonable rates and prices upon all fait, to be fold or and the juftices exP°kd to fale after the faid tenth day of July, in the city of of peace in London and precin&s thereof, and the bills of mortality; and other places, that the refpe&ive juftices of the peace for the refpe&ive counties, ridings, divifions, cities and places, within the kingdom of England, dominion of TVales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall and may (and are hereby required, upon or before the first day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundrea ninety eight, at the feveral and refpe&ive- general feffions of the peace for the faid feveral and refpe&ive counties, ridings, divifions, cities and places, wherein they are or (hall be juftices of the peace) fet, afeertain, and duly publilh in writing, certain reafonable rates and prices upon all fait to be fold

or

Digitized by Google

205

1698.] Anno nofto & decimO Gulieemi III. c.44.

or expofed to Tale, after the faid first day of Augufl, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, within the faid feveral and refpe&ive counties, ridings, divifions, cities and places, wherein they are or fhall be juftices of the peace; and that the lord mayor of London, and the faid court of aldermen in the court of aldermen, and that the faid refpe&ive juftices of the peace of the feveral and refpe&ive counties, ridings, divilions, cities and places a-forefaid, as aforefaid, at the feveral and refpe&ive general feffions of the peace for the faid feveral and refpe&ive counties, ridings, divifions, cities and places, wherein they are or (hall be juftices of the peace, (hall and may, and are hereby required from time to time (if neceffary) at the feveral and refpedtive general feffions of the peace for the faid feveral and refpe<ftive counties, ridings, divifions, cities and places, from and after the faid first day of Augu/i, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, by writing duly made and publifhed, alter and correct the rates and prices of all fait to be fold and expofed to fale in the faid feveral and refpecftive places ; which rates and prices which lhall be fo fet, afcertained, altered and corrected, are hereby enacted and required to be obferved, accepted, received and taken, by all and every person and persons felling or expofing to fale any fait within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy and if any person or persons (hall fell any	on

fait at any higher price or rate, or refufe to fell any fait at the persons felling prices and rates aforefaid, fuch person and persons fo offending, at higher (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five prices, pounds, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, by diftrefs and fale thereof, by warrant under the hand and feal of the lord mayor of the city of London, or of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the place or places wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, or diftrefs (hall be to be made: and in default of fufficient diftrefs for the fame, it lhall and may be lawful, by warrant under the hand and feal from the lord mayor of the city of London, or from any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, to imprifon the faid offender or offenders, until fuch offender or offenders (hall pay the faid fum of five pounds, one moiety of which fum of five pounds is hereby ena<5ted to be paid to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to be paid to fuch person or persons as (hall inform and profecute for the fame before the faid lord mayor of London, or the faid refpe&ive juftices as aforefaid.

XL. And whereas in and by one other aft of this prefent fefjion of9 & I0 w. 3, parliament, intituled, An afor granting to his Majesty, his c. 25. heirs and fucceffors, further duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment and paper, feveral rates, impofitions, duties, charges, and fums of money therein particularly exprejfed, are to be paid for and upon fuch matters and things as are therein mentioned, for ever, but Jubjeft to fuch power of redemption, as in and by any other aft of this fejfion of parliament was or should be declared or provided concerning the fame: and whereas it is thought reafonable for the fatisfaftion, recompence, and encouragement of fuch persons and corporations (the

corporation

Digitized by

2Q 6 Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 44I [{(98.

corporation of the bank England only excepted) as will voluntarily contribute and advance monies for or towards the raiftng the fum of two millions of pounds Jlerling, for the fupply of bis Majeftfs extraordinary occaftonsy to fettle and ejtablijh a good ffure^ and lajlingfund, out of which the faid persons and corporations contributing or advancing money as aforefaid^ and their executors9 adminiftrators and cjfigns refpeftively, may have, receive and enjoy certain annuities or yearly payments9 to be computed after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for the monies fo by them to be contributed or advanced, and fucb fpecial benefit Of tradey and other advantages as are hereafter in this aft exprejfed; fubjett neverthelefs to fucb power of redemption y as in this aft is provided in that behalf: be it therefore enafted, and it is hereby enafted by the authority afore-dulh^8 °a	That the commiffioners and governors of the revenue or

muted, are to rccc*Pt °f excife for the time being, at the head office in London^ be kept’apart, from time to time, (hall feparate and keep apart all and every and paid the fum and fums of money ariling by the feveral rates and "*®Uy duties for or upon fait, and rock-falt, by this aft granted, as quer* C" ^ame ^all ^rom ^me to ^me arife, or be paid into the faid 2 Ann. c. 4. office of excife by the receiver^ or collectors of the fame, or f. 1*.	by any other person or persons whatfoever; and that the chief

9 Ann. c. 23. commiffioners for marking and damping of vellum, parch-***•	ment and paper, or for managing the duties thereupon for the

time being, (hall at their head office caufe to be feparated and kept apart in like manner, all and every the monies arifing by the respective rates and duties granted by the aft before mentioned, for and upon vellum, parchment and paper, as the fame lhall from time to time arife or be paid into their office: and as well the faid commiffioners and governors of excife, as the faid commiffioners for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper reflectively for the time being, are hereby required and driftly enjoined from time to time, for ever, to pay weekly, to Vrit, on Wednefiay in every week, if it be not a holiday, and if it be, then the next day after that is not an holiday, all and every the monies arifing, as well by the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties hereby granted for or upon fait and rock-falt, as the faid feveral duties granted or payable by the aft herein before- mentioned, for and upon damped vellum, parchment and paper refpeftively, into the receipt of the Exchequer of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, didinft and apart from all o-ther monies which the faid commiffioners (hall feverally receive for the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs or fucceflors.

A regifter to XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, be kept there- That there (hall be, from time to time, forever, provided and kept in the Exchequer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of the receipts, feveral books, in which all the monies which ought to be paid in weekly as aforefaid, and which (hall be brought into the fame receipt, (hall be entred apart atnd didinft from all other monies paid or payable to his Majedy, his heiFs and fuccefiors, upon any account whatfoever.

XLIL And

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 44.'	207

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the faid commit- Penalty on fioners of excife, or the faid commiffioners for the duties on cj^miffionere vellum, parchment and paper for the time being refpedtively, duly^nto the lhall refufe or negledt to pay, or caufe to be paid into the Ex- Exchequer, chequer, all or any the fums appointed to be paid by them fe- See. verally as aforefaid, in fuch manner as they are refpedtively required by this adt, or (hall divert or mifapply any part of the fame, then they and every of them fo offending, (hall forfeit their feveral offices and places, and (hall be incapable to ferve his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any office or place of profit or truft whatfoever, and (hall be liable to pay double the value of all and every fum and fums of money, fo diverted or misapplied, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall be intitled to any annuity or payment out of the fund by this adt fettled, and will fue for fuch forfeiture by adtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit or information, founded upon this adt, in any court of record of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc— ceflors, wherein no eilbin, protedtion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XL111. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Excife and That the head office of excife, and the chief office for the faid ftamp office duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, (hall for ever bet0hefo*.cvar continued, with a fufficient number of commiffiohers, and a^Jhcomnuf* comptroller in either of them* for performing and executing fi0ner* and * fuch matters and things fts are by this adt enjoined to be done comptrollers or performed by fuch commiffioners and comptrollers refpedtive- °/thc && du-ly, according to the true meaning hereof.	UC8#

XLIV. And be it enadted. That the refpedtive comptrollers Comptrollers in the faid offices for the time being, (hall keep perfedt and di- tokeepdiftin& ftindt accounts in books fairly written, of all the monies which accounts, lhall arife of or for the faid duties upon fait, and of or for the faid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper refpedtively, as the feme (hall from time to time arife or be raifed; to which books all persons concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafon-able times without fee or charge; and if any fuch comptroller Penaltym cafe as aforefaid, (hall negledt his duty therein, then he or they for of negledt. fuch offence (hall forfeit his office or place, and be rendrea incapable as aforefaid, and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, intitled to any annuity or payment by this adt, and that will fue for the feme as aforefaid.

XLV. And be it further enadted, That if any colledlor or pena]t*ies on receiver of any the duties by this adt granted upon fait, or rock- coiieaor de-felr, or of any the further duties granted by the adt before men- taming motioned, for dr upon vellum, parchment and paper, (hall detain ney,&c. all or any part of the monies by him colledted or received contrary to his duty, then he or they for fuch offence (hall be dif-milled from his employment, and be charged with intereft for the Anne, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annuniy and be liable to anfwer treble damages to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate^ that (hall be grieved 6	by

Digitized by v^ooQle

2oS	Anno nono & decimo GulielmI IIL c.44;	[1698.

by fuch detention; and if any collector or receiver of any the faid duties upon fait, rock-falt, vellum, parchment and paper, and formifap- (hall divert or mifapply all or any part of the monies by him plying any collected or received, contrary to the true meaning of this aft,, par ereo . tken Qr for every or any fuch 0(fence (hall be difmiffed from his employment, and rendred incapable to ferve his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors as aforefaid, and (hall moreover forfeit double the fum or fums fo by him or them diverted or mifapplied, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall be intitled to any annuity or payment out of the fund by this aft fettled, and will fue for the fame as aforefaid.

160,0001. out XLVI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That of the faid ad- yearly and every year, reckoning the first year to begin from ^e^STc ^o'be ^ n*ne anc* twentieth day of September, which (hall be in the theSyeariyhind Year our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, the for anfwering full fum of one hundred and fixty pounds, by or out of the annuities of monies to arife by the faid feveral duties, as well upon fait, and ^ent.t0 rock-falt, by this aft granted, as upon vellum, parchment and of%,000,000™ PaPer> granted by the aft as aforefaid, and every of them, and See to Anns, to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer, by weekly or other c. 28.	payments as aforefaid (in cafe the fame payments (hall extend

Weekly pay- thereunto) (hall be the whole and entire yearly fund ; and in mounting to the faid weekly or other payments (hall not amount to one fo much, then hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annum, then the faid to be part of weekly monies or payments, fo far as the fame will extend, the faid fund, (hall be part of the yearly fund, for and towards the anfwering and paying the feveral and refpeftive annuities or yearly payments in this aft hereafter exprefled. tion of^theie XLVII. And be it further enafted. That all the fums of mo-additionaf du- neY ar^ng by the faid feveral duties upon fait, rock-falt, vellum, ties, &c. parchment, and paper, as aforefaid, which (hall be from time to time brought into the receipt of Exchequer, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient to make up and compleat the faid yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, or the proportionable part thereof, to be payable in refpeft of the monies which (hall be aftually advanced in purfuance of this aft, (hall be appropriated, fet apart, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for and towards the raifing and making good of the faid yearly fund, or fuch proportionable part of the fame, and (hall be ifliied and paid out of the faid receipt of Exchequer, by the refpeftive officers of the fame, without any fee or charge, and without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, in that behalf, and (hall be applied to and for the ufes and purpofes in and by this aft exprefled and intended, and to Penalty on of- no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever ; and that the re-E^chequer not *Pe<^ve °fficers m the Exchequer, who (hall make any delay ifluine?or mif- *n ifihing or paying the faid money to the faid ufes by this aft applying the intended, or (hall be guilty of diverting or mifapplying any of monies, &c, the faid monies to any other ufe or purpofe, contrary to this

aft,

*698*] Anho rtOtio & decimo GoxielMI III. C.44;	"209

aft, for any fuch offence (hall be forejudged from their refpec-tive offices and places, and be rendred uncapable to ferve his Majesty, his heirs and fuCceflbrs, as aforefaid, and alfo (hall be liable to pay double the value of any fum or funds fo delayed to be paid, or fo diverted or miftppHed, as aforefaid, to any corporation, or other person or persons that (hall be grieved thereby, and Who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered as a-forefaid.

XLVJII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- King may ap* faid. That it (hall and iriay be lawful to and for his Majesty, point commif* by commiffion under the great feal of England, to authorize and poners for tak* appoint any number of persons to take arid receive all filch t^ns^fromany voluntary fubfcriptions, as (hall be made on or before the faid persons (ex-nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred cept the bank ninety eight, by or for any person or persons, natives or fo- of England) reigners, bodies politick or corporate (the governor and Com- |?r^° mi pany of the bank of England only excepted) of any fum of money whatfoever, not lefs than one hundred pounds, for and towards the railing and paying into the faid receipt of Exchequer the fum of two millions: which commiflioners are hereby ordered and directed, as foon as conveniently they can, to provide and prepare one or more convenient houfe or houfes within the cities of London and Wejlminjler, or one of them, to be the pub-lick office or place, offices or places, to which all or any persons (hall or may refort for the making of the faid fubfcriptions* and to give fuch publick notice thereof, as they the faid com-miffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think will moft conduce to the promoting the faid fubfcriptions : and the faid commiflioners for taking fubfcriptions afe hereby dire&ed, as foon as conveniently may be, to provide, or caufe to be provided, one or more book or books made of vellum or parchment, for the faid fubfcriptions to be made thereupon j which book or books (hall from thenceforth lie open every day in the week [Sundays only excepted) at the faid publick office or offices as aforefaid daily, and from the hour of eight to the hour of twelve in the morning, and from the hour of two to the hour of fix in the afternoon of each day, until the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, unlefs the fubfcriptions for .the whole fum of two millions (hall be fooner compleated ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his commiflion aforefaid, to dire<ft the commiflioners how and in what manner they (hall proceed to execute the fame, in all matters and things relating to this fervice, and by the fame commiflion, or by letters of privy feal, or by any inftrument under his Majesty’s rdyal fign manual, to appoint from time to time the faid commiflioners, A cafhler to or any number of them, by themfelves or their cafhier or calhi- beappokiud, ers (the faid cafliier or camiers being first approved by his Ma* jefty under his royal fign manual, and giving Security to his Majesty for the due performance of his or their truft or trufts) to receive for his Majesty’s ufe the Several payments of the mo*

Vol. X.	P	niw

a ip	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. 0,44.	[1698.

nies, which (hall be fo fubfcribed, to be paid by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, as aforefaid.

Sum# (not XLIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That ^ durinS tbe t‘mc herebY lim*ted for taking the faid fubfcriptions, foiled U lt fo^ and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, by and for themfelves, or any of them, or by themfelves, or any of them, in trull for any other person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, or any of them (except as aforefaid) freely to fubfcribe any fum of money (not lefs than one hundred pounds) for or towards the faid fum of two millions; and all and anfwered the monies fo to be fubfcribed (hall be anfwered and paid, by the by ten,equal refpedtive fubfcribers thereof, to fuch as (hall be appointed to repayment#. cejve t^e fame fQT kjs Majesty’s ufe, in manner following; that is to fay, one full tenth part (the whole in ten equal parts to be divided) of every fum of money fo fubfcribed by or for any person or persons, or by or for any body politick or corporate re-fpedliveiy, (hall be paid by him or them to his Majedy’s ufe, as aforefaid, at or before the time of making each fubfcription re-Each fubfe- foecStivelv; and that one other tenth part of every fum fo fub-quent pay* (cribed (hall be paid, in like manner, at or before the end of made at the two montbs ncxt aftcr tbc lime hereby limited for the first pay-end of every ment, as aforefaid (which time of two months (hall be reckon-two months, ed to confid of (ixty days) and fo onwards at the end of every fuch two months fuccemvely, one full tenth part of every fum lo fubfcribed (hall be paid to his Majedy’s ufe, as aforefaid, until Lad payment the full fum of every fubfcription (hall be entirely cleared and eood t0 Paid > neverthelefs the lad of the faid payments upon every ciencym the" fubfcription, to be made as aforefaid, (hall be fubjedt and liable produce of the to make good any deficiency (if fuch (hould happen to be) which laid duties. at any time or times, before the time hereby limited for making fuch lad payment or payments, (hall appear to be in the produce of the laid duties hereby granted or appropriated, for an-fwering fo much as before the faid time hereby limited for fuch lad payment or payments, (hall incur or grow due for or upon the yearly fund by this a6l fettled or edablKhed, and fo much out of the faid lad payments as (hall be fufficient to anfwer and make good fuch deficiency (if any be) (hall and may be defaulk-ed, or otherwife applied to that ufe, although his Majedy’s fup-ply by this a6t intended be thereby lelTened; any matter or thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

Firft payment k. And it is hereby further enabled, That if any person or not made at persons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall have fubfcribed the time of as aforefaid, do not pay down the fird tenth part upon his or hf^ their	or	at	tbe	t^me	°f making thereof, as afore-

rion Toid!nP* ^a*d> tben everY fuch fubfcription, without fuch payment, (hall Subfequent be utterly void and of none effedt; and if any person or persons, payments not body politick or corporate, who (hall have fubfcribed as afore-Sift! first hiS’. hef> or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or tenth part tobe afl*gns> having paid to the King’s ufe any part or parts of the forfeited, and fum or fums fo by him, her, or them fubfcribed, lhaii make

default

Digitized by foozle

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 44.	i	11

default in any of the fubfequent payments* which ought to be the annuity made by him* her, or them, upon fuch fubfcription rcfpe&ively, red£ced *c* then, and in every fuch cafe, the first tenth part paid down up- moneyaftuaU on every fuch fubfcription (hall be forfeited and loft to his Ma- ly paid, &c. jefty; and the refpedtive annuity or yearly fum, which (hall be payable out of the faid fund, for or in refpedt of fuch fubfcription, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annums (hall be reduced, leflened, or proportioned, according to the money actually paid to his Majesty’s ufe upon every fuch fubfcription refpeCtively, after an abatement or deduction (hall be made of the first tenth part, to be forfeited, as aforefaid. And to the end	I

the faid fubfcription monies fo to be payable at feveral days and times, and by fuch proportions; as aforefaid, may be the fooner made ufe of for the fupply of his Majesty’s extraordinary occa-lions, the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to caufe tallies of aflignment, or tallies of anticipation for the fame, or ^ any part thereof, to be levied upon the commiflioners, Teceiver alignment or or receivers general, or calhier, who (hall be appointed or au- anticipation thorized to receive the fame ; and that an intereft not exceed- may be levied* Ing the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum (hall be an- j^s^o^ear'an nexed to, attend and go along with the principal monies contain- intereft of8 U ed in all and every fuch talley and tallies, to be paid every three per cent, per* months out of fuch fubfcription monies, from the date of every anrn fuch talley, until fatisfa&ion of the principal thereupon, and that the principal upon every fuch talley lhall be paid in courfe, according to the date thereof refpedtively.

LI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Sumsfubfcrib* the faid commiflioners, to be nominated by his Maiefty for tak- cd to be writing fubferiptions, as aforefaid, (hall take care that the aims fub- ten in words (bribed be written as well in words at length as in figures ; and at length* that the day of the month and year on which every (ubfeription (hall be made, be truly fet and exprefled againft the fame; and that the fubferiptions, fo to be made from time to time, be at-tefted under the hands and feals of five or more of the commit- and attefted. lioners who (hall be prefent at the making of fuch fubferiptions; and that the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, do, without delay, after the faid nine and twentieth day of Sep-timber, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, of after the faid fubferiptions for the faid two millions (hall be compleated (which (hall first happen) make, or caufe to be made, true duplicates or Duplicates of copies, fairly written in parchment, of the faid whole book or the fubferip-books of fubferiptions, and deliver the faid duplicate or dupli-tlons £ be cates »f the faid book or books, attefted by five or more of the Exchequer. * faid commiflioners, into the office of the auditor of the receipt H in the Exchequer, before the twentieth day of October^ one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight at fartheft; and the faid auditor of the receipt is hereby authorized and required forthwith to re- Auditoroftbe gifter or enrol, and the clerk of the pells in the faid receipt is receipt and

Pa	hereby	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

2t2

pells to register the faid duplicates.

All perions to have free ac-cefs to the remitters.

Copies of the books to be delivered to the commif-fioners, See* gratisr

Anno nono & decirpO Gulx£lMi 111. C44. [1698,

hereby required forthwith to record, the faid duplicate or duplicates, amongft the regifters or records of their refpedtive offices, that fo it may appear how much {hall have been fubfcribed, and by whom, and likewife how the faid yearly fund,, or a proportionable part thereof, is to be iffued and applied by virtue of this adt; and that every person concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, and liberty to view and perufe the faid regifter, enrolment, or record, without fee or charge ; and that true copies of fuch book or books fo enrolled and recorded, under the hands and feals of the faid auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells, (hall be delivered by them gratis to the faid commif-fioners, or any five or more of them, demanding the fame, for the benefit of the faid fubfcribers.

LII. And it is hereby further enabled, ordained, and declared hav^anannu t^ie authority aforefaid, That every person and body politick, ity after the " who fhaU fubfcribe as aforefaid, and be named or contained in rate of 81. per the faid book or books, his, her, or their heirs, executors, ad-cent. per ann. miniftrators, fucceffors, and affigns yefpedtively, {hall have, receive, and enjoy for ever, out of the fund by this ad fettled and

Erovided, one annuity or certain yearly fum, for the whole fum y him, her, or them fubfcribed, according to the rate or proportion of eight pounds per centum per annum ; that is to fay, all and every person and persons, or corporation, fubfc^ibing one hundred pounds, {hall be intitled to an annuity of eight pounds per annum out of the faid fund, and fo proportionably for higher To commence or larger fubfcriptions ; the fame annuities or yearly payments from Michael- to commence from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, in b^p^d^quar- t^ie year our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and terly. 4 to be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts in the year;

that is to fay, the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint "John Baptiji, and Saint Michael the archangel, by even and Firft payment, equal portions : the first payment thereof to be made at the feaft r? nevei“ of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, one thoufand fix hundred demotionr&c. ™nety eight: which faid annuities or yearly payments {hall ne-^	*, verthelefs be fubjedt or liable to the condition and power of re-

demption hereafter in this adt exprefled; and alfo to the claufe before in this adt contained, for reducing or leflening fuch annuities, where failure {hall be made in fome of the payments of the fubfcription money for the fame.

LIII. And for the further encouragement of the faid fubfcrib-crs, it is hereby alfo enadted, That every perfqn or body politick, fubfcribing and paying down one tenth part of his or their fubfcription money, as aforefaid, {hall and may out of the fame de-faulk and recount, or {hall be repaid (in confideration of his or their prompt fubfcription and payment) fo much as an allowance after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum doth a-mount Unto, being computed upon his or their whole fubfcription money, from the day of making his or their fubfcription and first payment, until the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight,

LTV. And

Allowance to person paying Gown one tenth part of his fubfcription for prompt payment, &c.

Digitized

zed by CjOO^Ic

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C.44.	213

' LIV. And it is hereby further enadted, That the refpeflive Commiflion-commiflioners, or fuch a number of them, or fuch calhier or calhiers, who (hall be authorized by his Majesty to receive all ceipt^forthe or any' the faid payments upon the (aid fubfcriptions* for his money they Majesty’s ufe, (hall immediately, from time to time, give to the receive, persons or corporations paying the fame a receipt in writing for the feveral fums fb received; and (hall caufe an entry thereof to and enter the be made in a book or books, expreffing the day on which every fame> payment (hall be made, with the names and proper additions of thofe that make fuch payments; and deliver a true account, fair- Account ly written in parchment, of all the faid receipts, ^ttefted by five thereof to be or more of the faid commiflioners, into the office of the auditor the auditorof of the receipt of Exchequer, on or before the four and twentieth the receipt, day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou- &c. fand feven hundred; and the commiflioners of his Majesty’s Commiflion-treafury, and the treafurer, and under treafurer of the Exche- iffucf*" quer for the time being, are hereby impowered and commanded, m<mies for in-out of any of his Majesty’s treafure not appropriated by adt of cident parliament, to iflue and pay fuch fums as (hall be neceflary to charges, &c. be expended or laid out, as incident charges in the execution of fuch commiffion.

LV. Provided always, That any perfons,vfo to be named com- Commiflion-miflioners, may be fubfcribers, and their fubfcriptions and pay- fr? ments (hall and may be received by the other commiflioners, or fubfcnbcrs. fuch of them as (hall be appointed in that behalf,

LVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, King may in-That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by letters pa- corporate the tents under the great feal of England, to incorporate all and eve- fubfcribers. ry the person and persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall fo fubfcribe, or for whom fuch fubfcriptions (hall be made, and upon whofe fubfcriptions the first tenth part (hall be paid as aforefaid, and all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who as executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceflbrs or afligns, or by any other lawful title, derived or to be derived from, by or under the faid original fubfcribers, of or towards the faid (urn of two millions, at anytime or times hereafter, (hall have or be intitled to any part, (hare or intereft of or in the yearly fund by this adt fettled as aforefaid, fo long as they refpedtively (hall have any fuch part, (hare, or intereft therein, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The general fociety intitled to the advantages given by an aft of parliament, for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown c/England, and by that name (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and a common feal; and that they and their fucceflbrs, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in law to have, purchafe, receive, enjoy, poflefs and retain, to them and their fucceflbrs, lands, rents, tenements and hereditaments, of what kind, nature or quality foever, and alfo to fell, grant, demife, aliene or difpofe of the fame, and by the fame name to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in courts of record or any other place whatfo-

P 3	ever,

Digitized by

Google



Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III:

Sum total of all the iub-

ever, and to do and execute all and Angular other matters and things by the name aforefaid, that to them (hall or may appertain to do 5 fubjeft nevertheless to the provifo or condition of redemption, ana to fuch reftriftions and limitations, as are hereafter in this aft exprefled.

LVII. And it is hereby declared. That the fum total of all .	the faid fubfcriptions (hall be, and be called, The principal flock

bTcaUe^The °f *c general fociety, and all and every person and perlons, principal flock and their executors, adminiftrators, (ucceflbrs and afligns, of the faid according and in proportion to the fum or Turns by him, her or corporation* them refpeftively fubfcribed, lhall have, and be deemed to have an intereft or (hare in the faid principal dock, and of and in the yearly fund hereby fettled.

Sjdrfcriber* to LVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ftew bvwavof ^at li anmaY ** *awfulto and for his Majesty to im-

* nnwpr all arid pvptv nprfnn nr nprfnnc who fholl fpvprollv

baliottmg.

No elector to jiave mote

power all and every person or persons, who (hall 'feverally or refpeftively have fubfcribed in the faid book or books any fum or fums not lefs than five hundred pounds, and (hall have feverally paid one tenth part of the fum or fums fo by them fubfcribed, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or afligns, to aflemble and meet together at the Guildhall within the city of iLondon, at or upon the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, or within twenty days after the fubferip-tion (hall be compleated (which (hall first happen) then and there to eleft and choofe the first truftees, to manage, govern, and direft the faid general fociety, and they, or the major part of them fo aflembled, (hall and may choofe, by way of balloting, out of the whole number of fubferibers (whereof none to have more than one vote) four and twenty persons, each of which (hall feverally have fubfcribed, in their own rights, the than one vote, fam of two thoufand pounds at the leaft, who (hall be the first j^fcrih^CC t0 truftees of the faid general fociety 5 which elections (hall feve-%,oool at leaft ralty be determined by the majority of votes then prefent, by in his own	way of ballot as aforefaid, and if they be equal, then by his Ma-

right.	jelly's commiflioners for taking the faid fubfcriptions, or the

Perfons ele&- major part of them then prefent; which persons fo tq be elected, (hall afterwards be inferted in his Majesty’s charter of incorporation of the faid general fociety, as the first truftees, for fuch time, and with fuch fucceflion, and fubjeft to fuch further qualifications, as his Majesty in fuch charter of incorporation (hall be pleafed to appoint; and that in fuch charter fuch further fules, powers and claufes for carrying on the faid trade, and purfuing the ends and intent of this aft, (hall and may be inferted, as (hall be lawfully and reafonably defired in that behalf.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That in cafe the whole fum of two millions (hall not be fubfcribed as aforefaid, before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, that then the fubferibers and contributors for and towards railing the faid fum of two millions, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and afligns, (haU only have aqd re-

eeivq

ed to be infert ed in charter of incorporation*

If two millions be not fubfcribed, fab* fci ibers to have only a proportionable part of the yearly ftnd.

Digitized by ^ooQle

i 698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44.

**5

ceive fo much, and fuch part and proportion of the faid yearly fund, as (hall be after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum* for fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be fo refpedlively fubfcribed.

LX. And be it further enabled, That from and after the After charter granting of the faid letters patents for incorporation of the ge- is parted, year-neral fociety as aforefaid, the faid yearly fum of one hundred ty or a and fixty thoufand pounds as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as ablepart n~ fhall be proportionable to the feveral fum or iums to be fub- thereofiistobe feribed as aforefaid, (hall be iffued and paid to the faid general Paid to the ge-fociety and their fucceflors, or to fuch treafurer or receiver ge- f°c*ety» neral, as they (hall appoint by their common feal to receive the c* fame; who (nail from time to time have and receive the faid monies, in truft for the feveral and refpedtive members of the (aid general fociety, whether they be bodies politick or natural, according to the proportion of their feveral (hares and interefts in the general dock.

LXI. And be it ena&ed by ,the authority aforefaid. That in If two million* cafe the faid whole fum of two millions, or one moiety, or any fabfcribed greater part of the faid fum of two millions, (hall be fubfcribed ^eHmited as aforefaid, on or before the faid nine and twentieth day of Sep- the fubferib-tember* one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, that then and ers, &c. may from thenceforth all and every {the person and persons, natives jradetothc and foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, by or for whom Eaft ln lcs* fuch fubferiptions (hall be made, and all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who as executors, admini-itrators, fucceflors or afligns, or by any other lawful title deprived or to be derived from, by or under the faid original fub-(bribers, at any time or times hereafter, (hall have or be intitled . to any part, (hare or intereft, of and in the yearly fund by this ad fettled as aforefaid, and of and in a proportionable part of the principal (lock of the faid general fociety, fo long as they refpedively (hall continue to have any part, (hare or intereft therein, and all and every person and persons, who for any time (hall be licenced by fuch person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, to trade in the (lead of them, or any of them, (hall and lawfully may for ever hereafter, by themfelves feverally, or by fuch fadors, agents or fervants,as they feverally (hall think fit to intruft, freely traffick and ufe the trade of merchandize, in fuch places, and by fuch ways and paflages, as are already frequented, found out, or difeovered, or which hereafter (hall be found out or difeovered, and as they feverally (hall efteem and take to be fitted or bed for them, into and from the Eaft Indies* in the countries and parts of Afta and Africa* and into and from the iflands, ports, havens, cities, creeks, towns and places of Afta*

Africa* and America* or any of them, beyond the cape of Bona Efperanza* to the (heights of Magellan* where any trade or traffick of merchandize is or may be ufed or had, and to and from every of them $ which trade, traffick, or merchandizing, (hall None to trad© be and is by virtue of this a<S for ever limited and reftrained, fo for more than

and in fuch manner, as that no person or corporation hereby the amount of

pi .	on	nis ltocK.

Digitized by

Google

ti6

perfons intit-led to particular (hares in the principal ftock, may be incorporated into a company. to trade with a joint (lock, &C'

by flich proper name as his Majelty (hall think fit.

Arino nono & decimo Gulielmi III. C.44. [1698J

authorized to trade or traffick as aforefaid, (hall in any one year (every year to be reckoned from the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight) fucceflively, by him or themfclves, or by persons licenced to trade inftead of them, or any of them as aforefaid, or by their refpedtive factors, agents or fervants, (hip, lade, put on board, fend or caufe to be fent, or defign to fend to or for the Eajl Indies, or other parts within the limits aforefaid, from England, or any other country or place whatfoever, any quantity of goods, wares, merchandizes, coins, bullion, or commodities whatfoever, of greater value than in this a<5 are expreffed; that is to fay, the person or persons, or body politick, who (hall be intitled to any annuity or yearly payment of eight pounds per annum, ana confe-qu.ently to a (hare of one hundred pounds in the principal flock of the faid general fociety, for every fuch flock or (hare of one hundred pounds, (hall or may by himfelf, or themfelves, or Others as aforefaid, (hip, lade, put on board, or caufe to be fent yearly for the faid Eajl Indies, or parts within the limits aforefaid, goods, wares, merchandizes, coins, bullion, or other commodities (being fuch as may lawfully be exported or fent thither) as (hall amount in value to the fum of one hundred pounds ; and every person and corporation intitled to a larger annuity out of the faid yearly fund, and in that refpeft to a greater (hare than one hundred pounds in the faid principal flock, (hall and may yearly (hip and fend to the Eaft Indies, and other parts within the limits aforefaid, a proportionable value in goods, or other things as aforefaid, after the faid rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds flock,

LXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if the faid whole fum of two millions, or one moiety, or any greater part thereof, (hall be fubferibed on or before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and all er any corporations, or other person or persons, having particular (hares or interefts in the principal flock of the faid general fociety, or in proportionable annuities, or yearly payments ifluing out of the faid yearly fund, (hall be willing and defirous to unite or join together fuch their feveral (hares and interefts, and to be incorporated fo as they may be able to manage their trade (in proportion to their interefts) as a company, and by a joint flock, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty* by letters patents under the great feal of England, to incorporate all fuch perfon? and corporations by fuch proper name as his Majesty, his heirs or fuceeflbrs (hall think fit, to be one company, with power to manage and carry on their trade to the Eajl Indies, and other the limits aforefaid, by a joint flock, and to have a perpetual fqccefiion, and a common feal, and with power to grant and take, fue and be fued, and to choofe their own managers or directors, and officers, from time to time, and fuch other powers and claufes as (hall be neceffary or requifite for the carrying on of fuch trade, and (hall be reafonable for bis Majesty to grant $ neverthefefc fuch

cotn^

Digitized by Google

1698.] Anno nono & dccimo Gulielmi III. c. 44?	217

company, fo to be created with power to trade with a joint flock as aforefaid, fhall be reflrained to fuch proportion of the trade in the whole, as all the particular members thereof would have been intitled to at the rate before mentioned, in cafe fuch new company were not made ; and the directors or managers, and other members of the fame, fhall be fubje& to fuch further rules, qualifications and appointments, as his Majefly in their charter fhall think neceffary or reafonable to be inferted.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That after the incorporating of any fuch company to trade with a joint flock as aforefaid, the proportionable part or parts of the faid yearly fund ifluing out of the Exchequer, and belonging to the members of fuch hew company, fhall from time to time (under the After incor-like penalties, as aforefaid) be iflued at the faid receipt of the porating any Exchequer, to fucli company, or to fuch treafurer or treafurers, cr^mpra”^ as fhall be appointed under their common feal to receive the tionablepart fame, in trufl for the feveral and refpe&ive members of fuch of the yearly company, according to their refpedlive proportions or fhares in fund bclong-the joint or united flock of fuch company 5 any thing in this a£t	>

contained to the contrary notwithflanding : and that the pay- thereof, is to ment thereof fhall and may be made weekly, or as fall as the be paid to the faid duties fhall produce money into the Exchequer for the fame, faid company,

fo as by fuch weekly or other payments the whole of the annu- £c# A *•1 r % J	\ * \r	1	See i o	Annas,

lties due to fuch company at the end of any one quarter be not c# 2g<

exceeded.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority a- Payments forefaid. That all and every person and persons, who as a mem- thereof to be ber or members of the faid general fociety, fhall have power to at the trade by or for himfelf, or themfelves, and not in a company, Every mem-in fuch meafure or proportion as aforefaid, before he or they ber of the ge-fhall be allowed to exercife or make ufe of fuch power, fhall take neral fociety a corporal oath before two or more of the truflees for the faid t0 an general fociety ( who have hereby power to adminifler the fame) ^ to trade that fuch members fhall be faithful to the faid general fociety, for more than and (according to the beft of his or her fkill and uilderflanding) by this aft it give his or her advice, counfel, and afllflance, for the fupport and allowed, good government of the faid fociety, and that he or (he will not at any time or times fhip, lade, fend, dire<Sl, or caufe to be fent from England, or any other country, to the Eajl Indies, or other the parts within the limits aforefaid, any goods, coins, or other merchandizes of greater value than fuch as he or fhe may lawfully fend thither by this a<5l; and that all and every person and persons trad-perfons, who (hall be licenced to trade, as aforefaid, before he mg by licence, or they fhall be allowed to ufe or enjoy the benefit of any fuch 5.° enter ^cir licence, fhall caufe the fame to be entred or regillred at large in and^ke aft* the books of the faid general fociety, and fhall alfo take a corpo- oath,&c. ral oath, before two or more of the truflees of the faid general fociety, that fuch person trading by fuch licence fhall be faithful fo the faid general fociety, and will riot at any time or times fhip, kde, fend, dire<fl, or caufe to be fent, to the Eafi Indies, or other ffie places within the Jifnits aforefaid, any goods, coins, or other

mcr-

Digitized by Google

ti8

Mo member, &c. of other corporations (hall trade otherwife than in the joint dock thereof. Every member, &c. to take an oath not to trade to the Indies, &c. on any private account.

declaration.

Anno nono &decknoGuiiELMl III. C.44. [1698;

merchandizes of greater value than what he or (he may lawfully fend thither by virtue of this a£l; and that no person or per-tons, who (hall be incorporated, or be a member or members of any company or corporation, having or that (hall have power to trade to the Eajl Indies, and other the parts within the limits aforefaid, by a joint dock, in purfuance of this a6l, during fuch time as he or they refpe&ively (hall continue a member or members of fuch company or corporation, (hall trade otherwife that* in the joint (lock of fuch corporation, of which he or they are members refpe&ively; and every fuch member or members* before he or they (hall be allowed to receive any benefit, in or by fuch corporation, or to do, or intermeddle in any of the affairs of the fame, (hall take a corporal oath before two or more of the trudees, or other persons, who (hall have the direction of the affairs of any fuch company or corporation (who have hereby power to adminifter the lame) that he or (he (hall be faithful to fuch company or corporation, and (according to the bed of his or her (kill and underllanding) give his or her advice, counfel, and afli dance, for the fupport ana good government of the faid company or corporation; and that he or (he, during his or her continuance in fuch company or corporation, will not at any time or times (hip, lade, fend, direct, or caufe to be fent from England, or any other country, to the Eajl Indies, or other parts within the limits aforefaid, for his or their private accounts, any goods, coins, or other merchandizes, contrary to this a6l; and that no person or persons, that (hall have the order, rule, direction, or management of the voyages, or other affairs of the faid company or corporation, or that (hall be intruded or employed to trade upon the joint dock, or for a company, as aforefaid, (hall be allowed to (hip, or caufe to be (hipped, laded, or put on board, or to fend or caufe to be lent from the Eajl Indies, or other parts, within the limits aforefaid, any goods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes whatfoever from England, or any other country, until he or they refpe<5tive-ly (hall have taken a corporal oath, before two or more of the trudees, or other directors of fuch company, or before the barons of the Exchequer for the time being, or fame of them, that he or they refpedtively will be faithful to fuch company or corporation, and , (according to the bed of his or her (kill and un-derdanding) give his or her advice, counfel, and affidance, for the fupport and good government of the fame, and that he or (he', during his or her continuance in fuch company or corporation, will not at any time or times (hip, lade, fend, diredl, or caufe to be fent from England, or any other country for the Eajl Indies, or other the parts within the limits aforefaid, any goods, coins, or other merchandizes, but fuch as he or (he may lawfully fend thither, for the account of fuch company, according to tnis a<5l.

LXV. Provided always. That fuch persons as are known or commonly reputed to be Quakers, indead of any oath or oaths by this a£t preferibed, (hall and may make a felemn declaration

in

Digitized by

Google

1698.] Anno nono & declmo Gulielmi IIL c. 44:	£19

in writing to the fame effect, and in the fame manner; and eveiy fucn declaration in writing (hall be of the fame validity, as if he or they had taken a corporal oath, as aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. All persons That all and every person and persons whatfoever, tnat (hall or trading in pur-may, in purfuance of this ad, trade or fend, or caufe to be fent any goods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes, for the Eaji *nt^r t^’e Indies, or other the parts within the limits aforefaid, before fuch goods they exgoods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes, or any of them port. &c.

(the goods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes of luch company as (hall or may be ere&ed, if any fuch be, to trade with a joint dock, as aforefaid, only and always excepted) (hall be (hipped, laded, or put on board any (hip, or into any lighter, boat, or other veflel for that purpofe, (hall make, or caufe to be made, an entry or entries of the fame, in a book or books for that purpofe, fpecifying in fuch entry or entries, the true and full quantities, kinds, and values of all the goods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes fo intended to be fent for the Eaji Indies, or other the parts within the limits aforefaid, from England,, or from any other country whatfoever, with the name of the (hip* and of the commander or mailer thereof; to the end it may be feen by infpe&ion of fuch book or books (to which all persons concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, without fee or charge) from time to time, whether fuch traders do or persons condo not fend more goods, coins, or merchandizes in the ^id the^ trade than they refpe&ively are allowed to fend by this a&; and books, &c. all and every fuch person and persons, upon fuch entry or entries The faid en-made, from time to time, (hall make and (ign an affirmation in tries to be at-writing, in which he or they (hall declare or affirm (upon the on oath* oath or folemn declaration which he or they (hall previoufly have taken or made, as aforefaid, in that behalf) that fuch entry or entries do contain the true and full value and values of all the goods, coin, or merchandizes, to be (hipt by or for him or them on fuch (hip for that voyage; all which entries and affir- Entries and mations (hall be made before two or more of the truflees for the general fociety aforefaid, and in books to be kept by them for that purpofe, until a company with power to trade upon a joint (lock (hall be ere&ed, as aforefaid ; and after fuch company (hall be ere<fted, then the fame (hall be made before two or more of the directors or managers of fuch company, and in books to be kept by them for that purpofe.

LX VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. General foci-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his ^^fbMaws' faid charter or charters of incorporation, to impower the faid ^	9

general fociety, and their fucceflors, and fuch company as (hall be ereefted to trade with a joint (lock, as aforefaid, and their fuc-ceflors, or either of them feverally, to make reafonable laws, conftitutions, orders, and ordinances, from time to time, fof the good government of the faid trade to the Eaji Indies, and Qther the parts aforefaid, and of the traders, fetors, agents,

officers^ ,

Digitized by Google

Penalty on persons not making true entries.

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44;	[1698.

officers, and others concerned in the fame, and to inflidt rea-fonable penalties and punifhments, by imprifonments, mul&s, fines, or amerciaments, for any breach or breaches thereof, and to levy fuch niul&s, fines, or amerciaments to the ufe of fuch general fociety or company refpe&ively.

LX VIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any per-fon or persons, who are hereby required to make fuch entries and affirmations as this adirects, (hall negledt fo to do, or if any goods, foreign coins, or other merchandizes fo entred, (hall be of greater value than (hall be fpecified in fuch entry or entries, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the goods, foreign '	coins, or other merchandizes which (hall be (hipped or put on

board any (hip or other veffel defigned for the Eajl Indies, or any ^	other the parts within the limits aforefaid, or into any lighter,

boat, or other veffel, to be put upon any fuch (hip, tor which no fuch entry or affirmation (hall be made, or which (hall be pmitted therein, and the effe&s and proceed of the fame (wherefoever they (hall be found) (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and double the value thereof (hall and may be fuea for and recovered againft the refpedtive offenders, ana to be divided or diftributed in fuch manner and form, as his Majesty by fuch charter or charters (hall appoint.

No company* LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That no &c. to trade company or particular person or persons who (hall have a right, before fecurity ;n purfuance of this a&, to trade to the Eajl Indies, or other fhatIlgoods la- PartiS	the limits aforefaid, (hall be allowed to trade

den in the In- thither, until fufficient fecurity (hall be first given (which the dies (hall be commiffioners of the cuftoms in England, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorized and required

ttisclaufeex' *° ta^e» *n t*ie nsune> an^ to	Majefty,	his	heirs

plained as to the ™ d fucceffors) that fuch company, or particular persons, (hall fecurities to be caule all the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, given, and alfo which (hall at any time or times hereafter, during the continu

r^n^ ’r ance of this be laden by	'	‘

by 6 Annae, c. c . .	r i •	J

3-f-

or for them, or any of them, or for their or any of their accounts, in any (hip or (hips whatfo^

13Geo. i.c. 8. ever, bound from the faid Eajl Indies, or parts within the limits Difputesin ac-aforefaid, (hall be brought (without breaking bulk) to fome ceptance of pQrt Qf £ngiand 0r Wales,, and there be unladen and put on land (the danger of the feas, enemies, pirates, conftraints of princes and rulers, and barratry of feamen excepted) and in cafe there be any difficulty or difpute in the acceptance of any fuch fecu^ rity, fuch difficulty and difpute (hall and may be determined by the lord chief baron, and other the barons of the coif of the Exchequer, or any of them, according to his or their beft judgment and diferetion ; and that all goods and merchandizes, be-ported to be- longing to the company to be ere&ed, as aforefaid, or any other candle °* traders to the Eajl Indies, and which (hall be imported into England or Wales, as aforefaid, purfuant to this a6I, (hall by them refpedtively be fold openly and publickly by inch of candle, upon their refpe&ive accounts, and not otherwife, upon pain that the fapieror the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, tp

6	wit,

fecurity how to be determi ned.

Goods imported to be -

Penalty.

Digitized by

Google

1698.] Ann6 nono & decimo GttLifiLMi III. C.44#	221

wit, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons that will' feize, inform, or fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, as aforefaid*

LXX. And be it farther enadted* That it (hall and may be King’s com-lawful to and for his Majesty, by any fuch commiflion, charters, million, Sec. or letters patents as aforefaid, under the great feal of England, (hall direft in to limit, direct, and appoint, how and in what manner and what manner proportions, and under what rules and directions, the (hares of ^yearly1*1 all and every person and persons whatfoever in the faid yearly fund, See. fund, and of and in the flock of the faid general fociety, or of (hall be aflign-any company to be fettled or authorized to trade in purfuance of ed or transtcr-this adt, and every or any part or proportion thereof (hall orre * may be aflignable or transferable, to be afligned or transferred to fuch person or persons only, as (hall freely and voluntarily accept of the fame, and not otherwife; and that all alignments and transferences made in fuch manner (hall be good and available in the law.

LXXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, stocks efteem* That the eftates, interefls, and flocks of money of the feveral ed perfonal corporations to be created or eftablifhed in purfuance of this adt* eftates. and of each and every particular member thereof, (hall be and	;

be adjudged, taken, and accepted, in conftrudtion of law, by ' all judges, and in courts of law and juftice, and in all courts and places whatfoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the person or persons dying poflefled thereof, or intitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fuch person or perfons; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXII. And be it further enadted by,the authority aforefaid. Annuities out That the feveral annuities or payments iffuing out of the faid of the yearly yearly fund, or the (hares, parts, or interefls of any members of the faid general fociety, or of the faid company to be eredt- trade, Sec. ed by virtue of this adt, of and in the principal or capital flocks exempt from of the fame, or of or in the benefit of trade to be annexed there- taxes, unto, in purfuance of this adt, during the continuance of the fame; (hall be and are hereby exempted from any taxes, rates, afleflments, or impofitions whatfoever.

LXXIII. And be it further enadted, That any guardian or Guardian or truftee for any infant may, for the benefit of fuch infant, fub- truftee for an feribe, advance, and contribute, upon this adt, a fum not ex- infant may ceeding one moiety of the monies within his or her truft, upon moiet^oMhe the advantages in this adt mentioned, and fuch infant, upon m0ncy in bis payment of fuch fum, (hall become the contributor thereof, truft. and the guardian or truftee (hall be difeharged from the fame.

LXXIV. And be it enadted, That no member of any fo-ciety or company to be erected in purfuance of this adt mall, 0f ’his ftock in refpedt of his ftock therein only, be or be adjudged liable to only (hall be be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any the adjudged a ftatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts; and that no stock notlia-ftock in fuch fociety or company Ih^ll be fubjedt or liable to aWeto^reign

any attachment.

Digitized by

Google

222	Anno	nono	& derimo Guliblmi III. c-44. [169?*

*ny foreign attachment by the cuftom of the city of London or otherwife.

LXXV. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the eighth and ninth years of his Majefiys reign, intituled, An act for making c W*3* good the deficiencies of ieveral funds therein mentioned, and for 'ao#	enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England, and for railing

the publick credit, *7 is (amongfi other things) enafted, 73W /fern^ continuance of the corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, no other bank, or any other corporation^ fociety, fellowfbip, company,	conjlitution,	in the nature of a bank,

jhall be erefted or ejlablijbed, permitted, fuffered, countenanced, allowed by a ft of parliament, within this kingdom,	in and by the

faid aft more at large mUy appear: now for the better Securing the privileges of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, granted to them by parliament, and to prevent the ■corporation or corporations, fociety or focieties, fellowlhip or fellowlhips, company or companies, conflitution or conftituti-ons, which lhall or may be eftablilhed by virtue of this aft, from interfering with, or being prejudicial to, the faid governor and company of the bank of England; be it enafted by the au-• 7* the record thority aforefaid, That it lhall a not be lawful to or for the cortf w, lhall and poration or corporations, fociety or focieties, fellowlhip or fel-may be lawful. fowlhips, company or companies, conflitution or conftitutions, which lhall or may be eftablilhed by virtue of this aft (as'a corporation, fociety, fellowlhip, company, or conflitution) to borrow, owe, or give fecurity for any fum or fums of money, on credit of any publick fund or funds hereby granted, or any part Wot lawful for thereof; and that it lhall not be lawful for the faid corporation the general Qr corporations, fociety or focieties, fellowlhip or fellowlhips, toborrowon (JomPany °* companies, conflitution or conftitutions, which credit of the ft»U or may be eftablilhed by virtue of this aft, to borrow, funds by this owe, or give fecurity for any other or greater fum or fums erf aft granted, money, than fuch as lhall be really and bona fide expended and ftim^hanem- out *n f°r the buying of goods, bullion, or commodi-ployed in	~ ties to be exported for the proper account of the faid corporati-

trade.	on or corporations, fociety or focieties, fellowlhip or fellow-

ships, company or companies, conflitution or conftitutions, which lhall or may be eftablilhed by virtue of this aft, or lhall Monies lhall ^ otherwife employed in their trade; all which fum or fums of be borrowed money, fo to be borrowed for the purpofe aforefaid, lhall be only on their borrowed only on their common feal, and lhall not be made made PaYa^c> or ^ona fid** agreed to be paid, at any time lefs than fix payable in lefs months, from the time of the borrowing thereof? and that it than fix lhall not be lawful for the corporation or corporations, fociety months. 0r focieties, fellowlhip or fellowlhips, company or companies, noT^omnt ^ conflitution or conftitutions, which lhall or may be eftablilhed bills d/ex- virtue of this aft, to difeount any bills of exchange or other change, See. bills or notes whatsoever, or to keep any books or calh, of or or keep calh for any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfo-^a^Sever^011 cver* ot^er t^ian onty the proper monies and calh of the faid w a ' corporation or corporations, fociety or focieties, fellowlhip or

fellow-

Digitized by v^ooQle

169S.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44.	223

fellowfhips, company or companies,conftitution or conftitutions, which (hall or may be eftabliftied by virtue of this aft.

LXXVI. And the faid commons of England in parliament affembled, for the ends and purjfofes, in this aft expreffed, have alfo given and granted unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the further rates and duties herein after mentioned j and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That -	....	.

for and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatfoever, otl l£n of the growth, produft, or manufacture of the Eajl Indies, or per cent.daid any other countries or places within the limits aforefaid, to wit, on all Eaftln-beyond the faid cape to the (freights of Magellan, which from dia go<xU imi and after the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one	L\0

thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, at any time or times Ann*, c.»8. ihall be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, do-* minion of IValeS) or town of Berwick upon Tweedy by any corporation, person or persons, trading within the limits aforefaid, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, there (hall be yielded and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors (over and above all other duties payable for the fame) a duty after the rate of five pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real va*-lue of the faid goods; to be paid over from time to time to the To be paid faid general fociety of fubfcribers, and their fucceffors, or fuch over to the treafurer or treafurers, as fuch fociety (hall appoint to receive general fo-the fame, unlefs a company, upon the defire or the fubfcribers or any of them, (hall be erefted in purfuance of this aft, to arobafladorf, trade with a joint (lock, as aforefaid ; and from and after the &c. erefting or fettling of fuch company, then the faid duty of five pounds per centum (hall be paid over to fuch company, and their fucceflors, or to their treafurer, to the end that the faid general fociety, and the faid company refpeftively, may out of the produce of the faid duty of five pounds per centum maintain fuch ambaffadors, or other minifters, as his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors (at the nomination of the truftees, direftors or managers, of or for the general fociety aforefaid, or of fuch company fo to be impowered to trade with a joint dock, as aforefaid) (hall be pleafed to fend to any emperor, prince, or (late, within the parts aforefaid, and defray any other extraordinary or neceffary e^pences, in carrying on the faid trade; and if at any overplus, if time or times there be an overplus of the produce of the (aid any, how to duty, to difoofe the fame, from time to time, to and for the be difpofed. benefit of all the members of the faid general fociety, until a company to trade with .a joint (lock (hall be erefted, as aforefaid ; and after fuch company (hall be erefted, then to and for the benefit of all the members thereof, according to their ref-peftive (hares or interefts in the principal or capital (lock of the fame.

LXXVII. And for the better raifing, levying, and fecuring Security to be the faid duty, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred, it given for pay* is hereby further enafted. That upon the importation of any n\ent °f fuch goods, as aforefaid liable thereunto, an entry or entries additional thereof lhall be made in the cuftom-houfe where fuch goods u

(hall

Digitized by uooQle

224

’ fecured, &c. Ihall be for* feited.

Anno nono & decimo GulieLMI III. c.44.'	[i6$S.

fhall be imported, and before the landing thereof the importer or importers of the fame (hall give fecurity (which the commit-fioners or proper officers of the cuftoms are hereby required and impowered to take) for payment of the faid duties, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred upon the faid goods, as foon as the fame fliall be fold, the value thereof to be reckoned according to the’grofs price at which fuch goods (hall be fold; Goods landed and that in cafe any fuch goods (hall be landed or put on (hore before duty out of any (hip or veflel, before due entry be made thereof at the cuftom-houfe, in the port or place where the fame fliall be imported, and the duties hereby impofed fliall be fecured, or without a. warrant for the landing or delivering of the fame, fir ft figned by the commiflioners, colledlors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpedlively, that all fuch imported goods as (hall be fo landed, or put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, ihall be forfeited, and (hall and may be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; to wit, one moiety of the fame to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch person or per-fons as will feize the faid goods, or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, by adlion, bill, fuit, or information, as aforefaid. Thefe duties LXXVIII. And it is hereby further enadted, That the faid tobemahaged duty of five pounds in the hundred (hall be from time to time under the management and government of the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being, who (hall caufe the fame to be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, to the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the revenue of the cuftoms for the time being, and fuch receiver or receivers general for the time being fliall anfwer and pay over all the monies arifing thereby (the ne-ceflary charges of railing, collecting, and anfwering the fame only excepted) in fuch manner, and for fuch purpofes, as are before in this adl appointed.

On 3 years no- LXXIX, Provided always, and it is hereby declared and entice after the a&ed> That at any time upon three years notice, after the nine 39 Sept. 1711. and twentieth day of	September, one thoufand feven hundred

and repay,	and eleven, upon repayment by parliament of the faid fum of

Ifamen^o?^" two	or fach part thereof as fliall be paid or advanced

the faid	as aforefaid, unto the	refpedtive fubfcribers and contributors of

3,000,oool.	the fame, or to fuch	perfon or persons as by, from, or under

&c. this aft to them fliall be intitled to the faid annuities or (hares of the faid

de~ yearly fund or capital flock in refpedl of the fame, and of all termine. J J , c	..	r,	,	.	-

Refrained by arrears of the faid annuities or yearly payments, then and from

ioAnnae,c.28. thenceforth as well the faid duties upon fait, and rock-falt, as to 3 years no- the faid duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and alfo the faid yearly fund charged thereupon, and the faid annuities ifluing out of the fame, and the (aid duty of five pounds in the hundred, for the faid imported goods, and alfo all the faid corporations to be eredted by or in purfuance of this adl, and the benefit of trade hereby given, or intended to be given to them or any of them, (hall abfolutely ceafc and determine j

l>y the com milTioners of the cuftom*.

tice after 35 March, 1733

Digitized by Google

1698.] Anno norio & decimo (jULifetivli iff. d.44;	4i£

mine $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith*

Handing.

LXXX. And the faid commons of England in parliament afiembled, as a further fupply for his Majesty’s extraordinaiy occafions, have moreover freely given and granted unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, the further rates and duties herein after mentioned : and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That for and upon all wrought filks, which Additional from and after the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one duty of ts* thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, at any time or times fhall be orTall imported or brought from the Eaft Indies, or from Perjia, or wrought filk* from any other the countries or places within the limits before imported front mentioned, into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* *f}e Eaft In-or town of Berwick upon Tweedy there fhall be yielded and paid u w to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors (over and above all other c% l0’ f. j0.‘ duties payable for the fame) the futn of one (hilling and ten pence for every pound weight, reckoning fixteen averdupoize ounces to the pound, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof, and to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by fuch ways, rules, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as any other duties upon filks imported by the adt of tunnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year ^ of the reign of King Charles the Second, or by any other fub- Ix^ar**• fequent adt for continuing the fame, or by any other law now in force relating to the cuftoms, are to be raifed, levied, coliedted, and paid.

LXXXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, persons who That fuch persons or corporations, as in purfuance of this adl inay trade fhall have a right and power to trade to the Eaft Indies, and [y^adT^all other the parts aforefaid, according to fuch provifions, propor- ha *e the foie tions, and reftridtions. as are in this adt contained, and fubjedt trade to the to the condition or power of redemption before mentioned, from Eaft Indies* and after the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thou- &c* fand fix hundred ninety eight, (hall nave, ufe, and enjoy the whole and foie trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe and privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercifing the trade or bu-finefs of merchandize to and from the faid Eajl Indies, and to and from all the iflands, ports, havens, cities, towns, and places, within the limits before mentioned ; and that the faid Eajl In- Enforcedly 3 dies, or the iflands, havens, forts, cities, towns* or places Geo. i. c. 11. within the limits aforefaid, or any of them, (hall not after the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, be vifited, frequented, or haunted by any other of the lubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, during fuch time as the benefit of trade hereby given, or intended to be given, to the fubfcribers or others, as aforefaid, ought to continue by virtue of this a&; and if any of the fubjecls of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of what degree or quality focver they be, other tharfTuch as may lawfully go and trade to the Eajl Indies, and other the parts aforefaid, by virtue of this ' Vol. X,	Q.	aft,

Geo.

r-i,

If duties by

216	Anno	nono	&	dedmo Gtf lielmi III. C.44.	[169$.

Penalty on ad,'and their fadors, agents, and fervants refpedively, who tradin^to°the *^a^ empl°yec* according to the true meaning hereof, (hall ^ft^ndies, C diredly or indiredly vifit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffick, or than fuch as adventure into or from the faid Eafl Indies, or other the parts are impower- before mentioned, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and ry a, # every fuch offender and offenders fhall incur the forfeiture and clofs of all the (hips and veffels which (hall be* employed in fuch trade, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and alfo all the goods and merchandize laden thereupon, and all the proceed and effeds of the fame, and alfo double the value thereof (to wit) one fourth part thereof to fuch person or persons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame, to be recovered in any court of record, as aforefaid, and the other three fourth parts to the ufe of the faid general fociety, until a company fhall be ereded, as aforefaid, and after the e-reding thereof (if any fuch be) then to the ufe of the faid company, without account, the charges of profecution being born by the faid fociety or company.

LXxXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-th!Sa^hPpr°" faid, That in cafe the faid duties, arifing or appropriated by this Fuffici^nttoTa-	at any ^me or t^mes appear to be fo deficient in the

tisfy the pay- produce of the fame, as that within any one year, to be reckon-ments ap- ed as aforefaid, from and after the nine and twentieth day of pointed, deft- September*, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand raade^oodout hundred ninety nine, the weekly payments upon the fame '•-* ® rates or duties fhall not amount to fo much as fhall be fufficient to difcharge and fatisfy the feveral and refpedive benefits, yearly payments, or advantages, by this ad appointed or intended to be paid within or for the fame year refpedively, that then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, it is hereby declared, that every fuch deficiency and deficiencies fhall be provided for, an-fwered, and made good, by or out of the next aids to be raifed and granted by parliament, for and towards the difcharging or paying off the faid benefits, yearly payments, or advantages ap-

Eointed by this ad, as, together with the monies which fhall ave been brought into the faid receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the faid feveral rates and duties hereby granted or appropriated fhall be fufficient to pay off and difcharge all the monies which fhall within the fame year refpedively be grown due, or ought to be paid, for the recompences, yearly payments, and advantages hereby provided, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

LXXXIII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority . aforefaid. That nothing in this ad fhall extend, or be conftruea company may to extend, to hinder or reftrain the governor, and company of trade tiH 29 merchants of London trading into the Eaji Indies, to continue to trade within the limits aforefaid, until the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad fhall extend, or be conftrued ’	1	to

.of the next aids.

The prefent Eall India

Sept. 1701.

Ships cleared out before 1 July, 1698.

Digitized by v^ooQle

i6gS.] Aiino ndno & decimo GuLifitMI III. C-44*	227

to extend, to make any (hips (not in the fervice of the faid go- not Hablc to vemor and company of merchants of London trading into the forfeiture*. Eaft Indies) which were cleared outwards from England, or elfe-where, for the Eqft Indies, or limits aforefaid, before the first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, or the lading thereof (fo as they return into fome port of this kingdom without breaking bulk in any part of Europe) to be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures in this adt $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXV. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Prefent Eaft That the governor and company of merchants of WwIndiacomPa: trading into the Eajl Indies (hall pay and difcharge all juft debts j^d^btCand whatfoever, which the faid governor and company do owe, or their eftates are fubjedt to ; and that all and Angular the manors, lands, te- made liable nements, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels real and per- thereunto* fonal, as well granted and confirmed to them and their fuccef-fors by any letters patents under the great feal of England heretofore made, or by the conceffions and grants of any person at persons whatfoever, or of which they now are or hereafter (hall be feized or poflefled, by any manner, ways, or means whatfoever, (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubjedt unto and chargeable with the payment of the faid juft debts; and if at If they thake any time, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, any dividend* one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, the faid governor and ^^t^thei company, or any other person or persons, (hall make any divi-dend or dividends of their (lock and eftates, or any part thereof, her* to be li?u or of any of the effedts or produce of the fame, before the full ble, fo far a* payment and fatisfadtion of their faid juft debts, in everyfuch Iharw cafe, the particular members, and every of them refpedtively, t0 paf* who in their private or perfonal capacities (hall receive any (hare * of fuch dividend or dividends, (hall be feverally liable, and they are hereby made liable, fo far as their refpedtive (hares, fo by them refpedtively received upon fuch dividend or dividends, (hall extend, to pay and fatisfy the faid debts, or fuch of them which „ lhall remain due and unpaid, to any other person or perfons* bodies politick or corporate, who by virtue of this adt are feverally enabled to fue for and recover the fame, befides double cofts of fuit, by action of debt, or of the cafe, as is before mentioned; any thing in. this adt, or any law, ftatute, ufage* or prefeription to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enadted, That every Society, fociety, company, or corporation whatfoever, which (hall benotto?wc eredted or eftablilhed in purfuance of this adt, and their fuccef- tQhfa fors refpedtively, (hall take care, that the fum total of all the capital (lock debts which fuch fociety, company, or corporation refpedtively, undivided, (hall owe at any one time to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, do not exceed the value of the principal or capital (lock or (locks, which at any fuch time (hall be and remain to fuch fociety, company, or corporation, undivided j forir debt* and that in cafe any fuch fociety, company, or corporation, by captaU .any dividend pr dividends whatfoever, to be made amongft memberslia-

0*2	them-	ble to pay fo

2iS	Anno nono & decimo GuLielmi III. c. 44. [1698.

for as the themfelves, or in their private or perfonal capacities, (hall re-**■" duce or le(fen their joint flock, principal or capital, without li-tend. Sec, .miting, paying off, or proportionate reducing the total fum of the faid debts which they (hall owe to others, as aforefaid, fo that the value of their joint flock, principal or capital undivided, (hall not be fufficient to anfwer their juft debts then remaining unpaid, in every fuch cafe the particular members, and every of them reflectively, who in their private or perfonal capacities fhall receive any (hare of fuch dividend, (hall be feverally liable, and they are hereby made liable, fo far as the refpective (hares, fo by them refpectively received upon fuch dividend or dividends, (hall extend, to pay and fatisfy the debts which (hall remain due and unpaid by luch fociety, company or corporation refpectively, to any other persons or bodies politick or corporate as aforefaid, who by virtue of this act (hall and may fue for, and recover the fame, befides cofts of fuit, by action of debt, or of the cafe, as is before mentioned; any thing in this act, or any other act, law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Appropria- LXXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by tions.	the authority aforefaid. That out of the monies which (hall be

contributed or advanced upon this act, and out of the monies which by loans or otherwise, upon any other act or acts of this To the ufe of prefent (efllon of parliament, for granting of any aid or fupply the mints to his Majesty ((hall arife over and above the monies by them, For*the civil or any of them appropriated, directed or authorized to be ap-government plied for any particular ufe or ufes, purpofe or purpofes therein 4oo,oool. and mentioned) the fums following (hall and may be applied, iflued contraa^fo?1 arK* difpofed (that is to fay) the fum of twenty nine thoufand circulating0 tyf° hundred and nine pounds, to defray the expence and char-Exchequcr	ges of his Majesty’s	feveral	mints, and to clear the monies

bills.	which are due to the	feveral	importers there; and the fum of

rCa^r four hundred thoufand pounds, for defraying the expences of ferviw1 Ca his Majesty’s hou(hold and family, and other neceflary occafions of the civil government, over and above the fum, not exceeding fix hundred thoufand pounds, which in and by one act of 9 & xo W. 3.	this feflion, intituled.	An act for granting to bis Majejlyan aid by

c. 3s.	a quarterly poll for one year, is	to be made ufe of for paying of

tallies, and other purpofes therein mentioned ; and that out of the monies to be advanced, or to arife as aforefaid, fuch fums as (hall be neceflary to fatisfy the pramiums or rewards due or to be due to fuch as have contracted, or (hall contract to advance mofiies from time to time for exchanging or circulating the bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, (hall and may be in like manner applied and difpofed ; and that all other the monies which (hall be advanced upon this act, or arife by loans or otherwife, as aforefaid, upon any other act or acts of this prefent feflion of parliament (other than and except as is before mentioned) (hall and may be applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for and towards the payment and fatisfaction of fuch fum and fums of money as are or (hall be due, owing or payablc for land and 6	fca

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.44.	229

fea fervices, performed and to be performed, and the charges and expeoces relating thereunto, or feme of them, fo far as the faid money will extend; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury now being, and the treafurer, and the under treafurer of the Exchequer, and commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby diredted, authorized and required to caufe all the monies to be advanced, or arifing as aforefaid, to be applied, iffued and paid accordingly.

LXXXVIII. And to the end the fums b>y this a A appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other purpofes thai> are hereby diredted and intended, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the jules and diredtions appointed and Penalties con-enadted in one adt made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for granting to their Maje flies an aid of two JhiU & %% c/,. for* lings in the pound for one yeary for the fpeedy payment of the mo- an aid of as.

3	thereby granted into the receipt of the Exchequer, by the in the edtors and receivers, and for the diftribution and application &c* rcvived* thereof, and keeping diftindt accounts of the fame, and all other provifions, pains, penalties and forfeitures thereby enadted, in cafe of diverfion or mifapplication of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enadted to be in force, and (hall be pradtifed, applied, executed, and put in ure, for and concerning the diftribution and application of the faid fums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply and effedtually, as if the lame were here again particularly repeated and re-enadted.

LXXXIX. And whereas by an aft made and paffed in the feffan of parliament held in the eighth and ninth years of his Majeflfs reign > intituled, An act for the better obfervation of the courle ancient- g & 9 \y. 3. ly ufed in the receipt of Exchequer, it is (amongft other things) c. %%. enafted and declared, That from and after the twentieth day of A pril, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, no teller in the faid receipt of Exchequer jbould charge himfelf by his bill with the receipt of any monies in the Exchequer, but at Juch times as the officers of the talley courts their deputies or fubjlitutes> should be there prefent, to levy a talley or tallies for the fame, nor should any teller, or other per-fon employed by him, throw down or caufe to be thrown down into the faid court, any bill or bills,, owning or purporting the receiving any fum or fums of money, from any lender of money, receiver, or any other person or per Jons whatfoever, upon which bill or bills a talley or tallies are to be levied, according to the courfe of the faid receipt, un-lefs fuch teller refpeftively, or his clerks, or persons employed by him9 jbould have aftually received, and have then in his office the very money which should be fpecified in fuch bill or bills refpeftively (except as therein is excepted) under the penalties therein mentioned; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law- jjank bilk fill for the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- may be recek miffioners of his Maiefty’$ treafury for the time being, if he or VC£iin pay-they (hall think fit, and it be found fafe and expedient for his j^ngSt£^hc Majesty’s fervice, to permit and diredt the tellers of the faid re- Si ceipt of Exchequer, or their clerks, from and after the tenth, day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to receive

Q, 3	ioov

Digitized by Google

a30	Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c. 45. [1698.

from commiflioners, receivers, collectors, or other persons making any payments to his Majesty at the faid receipt of his Exchequer, upon any account whatfoever, or upon loans, bills under the feal of the governor and company of the bank of but not at any England, commonly called hank bills, as fhall tendred in pay-difcount. ment for any aids, taxes, revenues or. loans whatfoever, unto By 3 Geo. 2. the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer; /i/lndia *0*- ^ing *n	recited	aCt,	or	in	any other adl or aCts

fanfs annuity °f parliament, or any cuftom or urage to the contrary in is charged on any wife notwithftanding ; provided that none of the faid bank aggregate bills (half be fo taken in the Exchequer, when the fame are at any difcount.

CAP. XLV.

An act for taking away half the duties impofed on glafs wares % and the whole duties lately laid on ftone and earthen wares and tobacco pipes •, and for granting (in lieu thereof} new duties'upon whale fins, and Scotch linen.

TTTHERE AS in and by an aft made andpaffed in the parlia-■ • ?* c*lg# VV ment holden at Weftminfter, in the fixth year of his Mayfly's reign, intituled, An a6t for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon glafs wares, ftone and earthen bottles, coals and culm, for carrying on the war againft France, feveral rates and duties therein mentioned were laid upon all glafs, and glafs wares9 flone and earthen bottles, which at any time or times during the term of five years, from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, should be made within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or imported or brought into the fame; and in and by another aft made and pajfed in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in the feventh year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An a61 for continuing to his Majesty jr w. s* c. s1* certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, ftone and earthen wares,: and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftablilhing a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tunnage of (hips, and upon coals, the aforefaid rates and duties upon glafs, or glafs wares, fione bottles, and earthen bottles, are continued and granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefjcrs for ever ; and it was thereby further ena fted, That from and after the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand% fix hundred ninety fexr there 'Jhould be raifed and paid to his Majesty', his heirs and fucceffors for ever, for and upon allforts of tobacco pipes, and for and upon all fuch flone or earthen wares as are therein mentioned, certain fates and duties therein expreffed, as by the faid feveral afts of parliament, relation being thereunto fever ally bad, may more fully appear; and whereas it is found by experience, that the faid rates and duties upon glafs and glafs wares are too great, fo that the makers of thofe manufactures in this kingdom are thereby difcouraged; and that the faid duties upon Jlone bottles, earthen bottles, and other ftone and earthen wares,

‘	'	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.45.	231

and the faid duties upon tobacco pipes are vexatious and troublefome, and very chargeable in the levying and colie fling of the fame: be.it One moiety of. therefore enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and the duties on ■with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, glafs and glafs and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by duties ° authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of Au~ Qn (tone and gujly one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, one moiety or half earthen bot-part of the feveral rates and duties by the aforefaid acts, or &c* ?n<* cither of them, charged and made payable for or upon the faid ceated^and^de-glafs and glafs wares, and the whole rates and duties by the termined. fame a<fts, or either of them, chained and made payable for or Fy io&nW,3. upon {tone bottles, earthen bottles, (tone wares and earthen c-18 * dlglafs wares, and for or upon all tobacco pipes, as aforefaid, ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any manner of wife ; any thing in the faid a<Sts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding: and in lieu and recompence thereof, we your Majesty’s moft dutiful arid loyal fubjeCts, the commons in parliament af-fembled, do freely and unanimoufly give and grant unto your Majesty the impofitions, rates and duties herein after exprefled.

II.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from From 10 July, and after the tenth day of July9 one thoufand fix hundred nine- 1698. (made ty eight, there (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty, his ^ert^ua}f^h t0 heirs and fucceffors, for and during the' term of eight years Tfan&cii. from thence next enfuing, for and upon all whale fins and f.for eight Scotch linens herein after mentioned, as (hall be imported or years the tol-brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or lowing additi-town of Berwick upon Tweed, (over and above all impofitions, be paidtieS ** duties and charges already impofed and payable upon and for p

the fame, by the book of rates or otherwife) the further rates and duties following 5 that is to fay,

III.	For all whale fins that are or (hall be taken, caught and For whale

imported in and by any (hips or veffels whatfoever, of or be- fins imported longing to the company eftablilhed for the Greenland trade, the *jhe Green,? fum of three pence for every pound weight thereof j and after 3d™er”b! that rate for a greater or lefler quantity : and for all whale fins wt. and by fo-. which are or (hall betaken, caught, or imported by foreigners, reigners 6d. or by any (hips or veffels not belonging to the faid company, f\S!^hai*fas the lum of fix pence for every pound weight thereof,; and after	€jjfs%

that rate for a greater or lefler quantity ;; to be paid by the im- freely imported porter or importers of the fame.	h Britijh fub-

IV.	For all linen of the manufacture of Scotland, commonly	..

called by the name of twill, which (hall be imported or brought	1-1

in as aforefaid, the fum of ten (hillings for every hundred, twill, 1 os. containing one hundred and twenty ells ; and for'all linen of the and for Scotch manufacture of Scotland, commonly called by the name of tick~ tlck*n£ *m“ ^ ingy which (hall be imported or brought in as aforefaid, the S^00eils. * fum of fix (hillings and eight pence for every hundred, containing one hundred and twenty ells ; and after thofe rates for any

greater or lefler quantities $ to be alfo paid by the importer or importers of the

•	Y,An4

Digitized by

Google

*32

Importer to have rz months to pay the duties, or allowance after the rate of jol. per cent, for prompt payment. Goods exported again in 9 months, duty to be repaid. ¥hefe 11 and 9 months enlarged ta 3 years by

yGeo.i.ftat'i.

p. zi. f. 10. Aft not to make void payment of $ny fum due to the King pn the glais duties, &c.

Cl^ufes, &c. in the faid afts be put in execution for railing the other moiety,

ft*

Np glafs ware? to be removed from the kiln£?,‘ pnlefs officer be pre-lent, See,

Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.45.	(1698,

V• And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That for the additional duties hereby impofed upon the abovemen-tionpd goods, the importer, giving fecurity at the cuftom-haufe* (hall have time not exceeding twelve months, for the payment of the fame, from the importation, to be paid by four equal an4 quarterly payments ; or ip cafe fuch importer (hall pay ready money, he mall have after the rate of ten pounds per centum of the faid duty for a year abated to him ; and if the goods an4 merchandises aforementioned, imported as aforefaid, for which the duties hereby granted (hall be paid or fecurpd at the impor-* tation thereof, be again exported by any merchant Englijhvti\h-i in twelve months, or by ftrapgers within nine months after the importation, then the aforefaid duty (hall be \vholly repaid, or the fecurjty vacated as to what (hall be fo exported.

VI.	Proyided always, and it is hereby enafted, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to take' ayvay, leflen, qr make yoid the payment of any fum or futns of money accrued or becoming due to his Majesty fpr any glafs or gjafs wares, done, or earthen wares, or tobacco pipes, actually made, maqufaftured or imported before thp faid first day of Augujl, pne thoufand iix hundred ninety eight, apd which (nail be thei) oyvipg upon any fecurity, or otherwife unpaid to his Majesty ; and that all ana every the claufes, matters and things in the aforesaid afts, or either of them contained, for charging, fecuring, levying, raifing and paying the whole duties upon glafs, and glafs wares, wfiich were thereby granted or continued, jhall be applied, praftifed, and put ip execution, for the charging, fecuring, levying, raifing and paying the moiety, or one half of the mid duties upon glafs, and glafs wares (not hereby taken away) as fylly and effeftually as if the faid claufes, matters and things were for that purpofe repeated apd again particularly enafted by this prefent aft'; and that for fuch glafs, or glafs wares, for which the whole duties by the faid former afts^ or either of them, (hall have been paid or fecured to his Majesty, and (hall be exported before the first day of December., one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, the faid whole duties lhall be repaid, or the fecurity vacated, according to the tenor pf the provifo pr claufes fpr that purpofe contained in the faid former ^fts, qr ope of them ; and tl^at for any glafs, or glafs wares, vvnich (hall be expqrted after the faid fijrftday pf /December, pne thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, one moiety oply of the faid former dptie$ (hall be drawn back or allowed tp the exporter or exporters, upon oath to be made, and fecurity given, as in the faid former afts, or either pf thepi* is provided.

VII.	fi^nd it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no maker or makers of the faid manufactures of glafs, Pr glafs wares, Pr any of them, frorp and after the faid first day of Augujl, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eighty (hall draw, or caufe or fuffer to be drawn, or removed from their refpeftive kilnes or furrore^, any glafs, or glafs wares, unlefs the officer appointed to attend his or their glafs-houfe be

..........  9	^relent,

Digitized by Google

1698.] Anno nono & decimo Gulielmi III. c.45.	233

prefent, or without giving or fending notice to fuch officer, at the place where he doth or ought to refide, within the town or parifh wherein fuch dafs-houfe is fituated, that the faid officer (without his own default) may be prefent at fuch drawing or re- . moving of the faid glafs, upon pain that every fuch maker, for	on

every luch offence in not giving notice, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to wit, one moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety thereof to fuch as will fue for the fame, by aCtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit or information, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed.

VIII.	And it is hereby declared, That all bottles or other Glafs bottles veflels of glafs imported, although the fame be filled with li- imported lia-quors, are arid (hall be liable to the payment of one moiety °f duties*hC ***** the duties that were charged by the laia former aCls upon luch 8* glafs imported.

IX.	And it is hereby further enadted. That upon the import- Entry to be jation of any whale fins, Scotch linen or tickings hereby charged m*!?et?n as aforefaid, an entry or entries thereof (hall be made in the cuftom-houfe where fuch goods (hall be imported ; and in cafe Scotch linen, any fuch goods (hall be landed or put on (hoie, out of any (hip &c.

or veflel, before due entry be made as aforefaid, and the duties hereby impofed thereupon (hall be paid or fecured, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame first figned by the commiffioners, collectors, or other proper officer or officers Goods landed ,of the cuftoms refpeCtively, then all fuch imported goods as before entry (hall be fo landed or put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or forfeited, and veflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the may ** r*“. fame, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be recover- &c!m" ed of the importer oj* proprietor thereof (to wit) one moiety of ^ the faid forfeitures to the ufe of the King, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch person or persons as will feize the faid goods, or fue for the fame or the value thereof, by aCtion, bill, fuit, pr information as aforefaid.

X.	And be it ena&qd by the authority aforefaid. That the Commiflion-faid duties hereby granted and payable for whale fins, and fuch ers of tbecuf-Scotch linen as aforefaid, (hall be from time to time under the management and government of the commiffioners of the cuf- Scfon whale toms for the time being, who (hall caufe the fame to be raifed, fins, &o. levied, collected, and paid to the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the revenue of the cuftoms for the time being:

and fuch receiver or receivers general (hall from time to time bring the produce thereof (the neceffary charges of railing and aijfwering the fame only excepted) into the receipt of the Exchequer : and that the officers of the faid receipt of Exchequer Duties how ta for the time being, to whom it (hall appertain, (hall from time be applied, to time iffue, pay and apply, as well the faid duties upon whale fins and fuch Scotch linens as aforefaid, arifing by this aft, as alfo fuch part of the faid duties upon glafs and glafs wares, as is pot taken away by this aft, to and for the payment and fatif-faftion of fuch principal and intereft monies, whereuntq the wjiole duties upon glafs apd earthen vyar^s and tobacco pipes, by ‘	‘ any-

any ad or ads of parliament now in force, ought to have been applied, if this prefent ad had never been made ; and that in fuch order and form, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as by any fuch ad or ads now in force are or were provided or prefcribcd for the ifluing, paying and applying of the faid whole duties upon glafs and earthen wares, and tobacco pipes; any thing in this ad, or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanaing.

Anno	Regni GULIELMI	III-

*

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the four and twentieth day of Auguft, Anno Dom. 1698. in the tenth year of the reign of our	lord	William	the

Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King defender of the faith, &c, and from thence continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to the Jixtb day of December, 1698. being the fir ft feftion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

Army dif-fcandcd.

Except 7000 flien.

foidiers in Ireland dif-tyanded.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for dijbanding the army, and other neceffary occafions•

BE it enaded by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the army and all the ref-pedive regiments, troops, companies, officers and foldiers of the faid army, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales) and town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall, on or before the fix and twentieth day of March> one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, be diibanded'except fuch regiments, troops and companies confiding only of his Majesty’s natural born fubjeds, not exceeding feven thoufand persons, commiffion and non-commiffion officers included, as before the first day of Marchy one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, (hall be particularly ex-prefled in and by his Majesty*s royal proclamation under the great feal of England^ in which proclamation the particular number only of each regiment, troop and company (hall be ^xprefled.

II. And be it further enaded and declared. That immediately from and after the faid fix and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the faid army, regiments, troops and companies (except as before is excepted) is and are hereby adually diibanded.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid*

That immediately from and after th^e faid ftx an>d twentieth day

• .....................

Digitized by

Google

1698.3	Arino decimo Gulielmi III. c. i.	235

pf Marche one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, all the regiments, troops and companies, officers and foldiers, within the kingdom of Ireland, not being his Majesty’s natural born fub-jedts, be and are hereby enadted and declared to be adtually disbanded.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all other the army, regiments, troops, companies, officers and foldiers, within the

laid kingdom of Ireland, (hall, on or before the first day of By 1 May, May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, be difbanded, ex- 1699. cept fuch regiments, troops and companies confiding only of Except nooo his Majesty’s natural bom fubje&s, not exceeding twelve thou- men the fand persons, commifiion and non-commiflion officers included. King's Tubas before the tenth day of Jprily ope thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be particularly exprefled in and by his Majesty’s royal proclamation under the great feal of Inland, in which proclamation the particular number only of each regiment, troop and company (hall be exprefled.

V.	And be it further enadted and declared. That immediately from and after the faid fird day of Afey, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, tho faid army, regiments, troops and companies in Ireland (except as before is excepted) is and are hereby adtually difbanded.

VI.	And be it further enadted and declared. That all fuch forces within the faid kingdom of Ireland, hot hereby diredted to be difbanded, which (hall be maintained within that kingdom, (hall be maintained at the foie charge of the faid kingdom pf Ireland.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That all and every commif- Penalty on of, fion officer and officers who (hall exercife any power or authori- ^cer exerci-Vj over the foldiers in their refpedtive regiments, troops or com- terSdi^«nd-" panies after fuch officer or officers (hall be difbanded, and every \n^ person or persons that (hall wittingly and willingly advife, frame, contrive, counterfign or put in execution any proclamation, commiflion, adt, order or command whatfoever, for continuing

together any of the faid regiments, troops or companies, or parts of regiments, troops or companies after they (hall be difbanded, as aforefaid, he or they fo offending fhall incur and fuftain the pains, penalties and forfeitures limited, ordained and provided in and by the ftatute of provifion and pramunire made stat. 16. R. z. in the fixteenth year of King Richard the Second; and being cap. 5. thereof lawfully convidted, fhall from thenceforth be difabled, during his life, to fue or implead any person in any adtion real or. perfonal in his own right, or to make any gift, grant, conveyance or other difpofition of any his lands, tenements, goods or. chattels which he hath to his own ufe, either by ^dt executed in his life time, or by his laft will or otherwife, or to take any gift, conveyance or legacy to his own ufe: and none of the faid Soldiers after^ foldiers or non-commiflioned officers difbanded, as aforefaid, disbanding ftiall, after the fpacc of two days after fuch, difbanding, conti-together pue together above ten in a company.	s	^

’	*	1	‘	VIII.	And

Digitized by Google

236	Annd	decimo	Gulieimi	III. c.i* [169s.

For payment VIII. And for the payment of the feveral regiments, troops and companies in England, hereby declared and appointed to be orccs< dilbanded, and for fupplying otner neceflary occafions of the kingdom, and alfo for the payment of the arrears due to the forces in Ireland, hereby appointed to be di(banded, during their continuance upon the Englijh eftablifhment: be it further en-perfons may afted by the authority afofefaid, That it (hall and may be law-lend 800000I. ful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, any fum or fums of ‘	money, not exceeding the fum of eight hundred thoufand

charged on pounds; which fum and fums fp to be advanced and lent, (hall the exchequer, and may be charged upon the credit of his Majesty’s Exchequer in general, and tallies of loan, and orders for repayment of the fame (hall be levied accordingly ; of yvhich faid (um of eight hundred thoufand pounds, fo much (hall in the first place be applied for the paying off and difbanding the regiments, troops and companies within this kingdom, hereby enacted to be dif-banded, as (hall be fufficient for that fervice, and the overplus (hall be afterwards applied for other neceflary occafions of the kingdom \ and all and every fum and fums of money, fo to be advanced and lent, not exceeding the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, together with intereft for the fame, not exit 1 rercent ceec^nS t^e rate °f ^even pounds per centum per annum> to be 7 * **	* paid every three months, until fatisfaftion of the principal, (hall

be payable, apd be paid or fatisfied in courfe, according to the days or times of lending the fame, unto the refpeftive lender or lenders of the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, fucceflbrs or afligns, out of the first aids or fupplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty, in this prefent feflion of parliament ; and (hall immediately be transferred untQ fuch aid or fupply; any thing in this prefent aft, or auy Other aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftandipg.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-*

No alien n*- fprefaid, That no alien, who hath been, or at any time (halt tutalized in be naturalized within the kingdom of Ireland, by virtue of any refuted	P?rhatnent	made	or	to	be	made	within that kingdom, o?

King's natu- by reafon of any aft or thing done or to be done in purfuance ral t^rn fob- tjiereof, (hall be adjudged or reputed to be his Majesty’s natural jeft.	born fubjeft, within the mining of this aft; nor (hall any

Nor to conti- fuch person fo naturalized* or to be naturalized, be capable of nue in apy re-being continued within any regiment, troop or company, £imejit, which (hall be excepted by ephef of hi? Majesty’? faid proclamations.

X,	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-frovifo. forefaid. That in cafe any regiments, troops or companies*

or parts of regiments, troops or companies, which are to be difbanded, or difeharged from his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this aft, (hall be embarked, or ready to be embarked, to bq tr?p(ported beyond the feas* and flial( be hiodred by contrary *	*	Wind?

*37

1698.I Anno decimo GtttlELMl III. c. 2. •

winds or weather, beyond the faid fix and twentieth day of Marchy no person or persons (hail incur the faid pains and penalties by this a£t ordained, for fuch their continuance together during filth hindrance, as aforefaid\ any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act to  prevent the making or felling buttons made of clotb7 ferge, drugget, or other ftuffs.

WHEREAS the maintenance and fubfiftence of many tboufands of meny women and childreny within this kingdomy depends upon the making of filk, mohair* gimpy and thread buttons with the needley and great numbers of throwJierSy twijlersy fpinnerSy winders9 dyerSy and otherSy are employed in preparing the materials of which fuch buttons are made: and whereas the filk and mohair, wherewith the faid buttons are madey is pur chafed in Turkey, and other foreign partsy in exchange for our woollen manufacture, to the great con-fumption and encouragement thereof: and whereas the making of fuch needle-wrought buttons hath of late been much leffened and difeouragei by the making and wearing of buttons made of the fhreds of cloth, ferge y druggety frize, camlety and other fluffs and materials of which clothes are ufually madey and alfo by buttons made of wood onlyy and turned in imitation of other buttons; to the great impoverifhment of all thofe whofe livelihood depended upon the making the faid needle-wrought buttonsy and preparing the materials thereof; and to the great prejudice of the woollen manufaCfurey wherewith fuch materials are pur chafed as aforefaid; by which means great numbers of the faid poor people are become burdenfome to their refpeftive parijhes: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembted, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the tenth No buttons to day of Februaryy one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, no k® fold, or person or persons whatfoever, within the kingdom of England^ dominion of tValeSy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy fhall0fwood.' make, fell, or fet on, or caufe to be made, fold, or fet on any Penalty, clothes or wearing garments whatfoever, any buttons made °f cloth, ferge, drugget, frize, camlet, or any other ftuffs of whichl'c%* clothes and wearing garments are ufually made, or any buttons and 40 s. laid made of wood only, and turned in imitation of other buttons, on the nearer upon forfeiture of the fum of forty (hillings for every dozen of b / Geo. 1. fuch buttons fo made, fold or fet on, or caufed to be made, fold c,l*‘ or fet on as aforefaid, and in like proportion for any lefler quan- a*ssdk. Entity ; one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to him, her or them that (hall fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (haSl be allowed.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

23® Annodecimo & tindccimo Gulielmi ttl. C.3,4. [i6ggi

CAP. III.

EXP.	An	aft	to	prohibit	the	exportation	of	any	corn, malt, meal, flour, bread,

bifcuit or ftarch for one year, from the tenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight.

Anno Regni GuLIELMI III. decimo & undecimo. CAP. IV.

An ail to probihit the evcejjive diftilling of fpirits and low wines from corn* and againft the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in diftillers.

WHEREAS it is found by experience, that the drawing, diftilling and making of brandies or fpirits from malt is one caufe of the prefent dearnefs cf corn, efpeciauy of barley, in this realm, and by reafon of the great fear city of corn in foreign parts, and the rejlraints which are or may be made there of diftilling fpirits from corn, great demands are and may be made of fpirits drawn from malted corn in this kingdom, to fupply the occafions of thofe foreign parts, which mujl. needs tend to a further enhancing of the price of corn here, and prove a great grievance to many of bis Majejlfs good fubjefis, if a fpeedy remedy be not provided: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no person or persons whatfoever, from and after the laft day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and before the first day of February, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall direftly or indireftly draw, diftill or make, or caufe or procure to be drawn, diftilled or made, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, any brandy, Aqua vita, fpirits, or low wines whatfoever, other than fuch quantities as are allowed by this aft, and under fuch . reftriftions, and in fuch manner and form as are herein preferred, from any malt, corn or grain, or from any wafh or liquors, produced or to be produced from any malt, corn or grain whatfoever, under the penalties and forfeitures herein af-Penalty on	ter mentioned (that is to fay) that all the brandy. Aqua vita,

diftilling	fpirits and low wines, fo made or drawn, fhall be forfeited, and

ntiesof^ran" ^at eveiT offender and offenders therein fhall forfeit and pay dy^&c. than" ^um ten killings for every gallon of brandy. Aqua vita, are allowed by fpirits, or low wines, which fhall be drawn, diftilled, or made, this aft. contrary to this aft, and moreover, that all the ftills, backs, cafks, and other utenfils and veflels employed in the diftilling, drawing, making or keeping the fame, or any part thereof, fhall be forfeited; the moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall difeover, inform or fue

for

Digitized by CjOOQle

1699*1 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. 0.4.	239

For the fame; and the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be recovered in the fame manner, and by the fame means,

*	as any penalties and forfeitures by any of the laws and ftatutes for the excife now in force, for any offence or offences againft the fame, are or may be recovered: and that all fervants and others, who (hall be wittingly or willingly aiding or affifting in <the making of the faid fpirits or low wines contrary to this adfc,

and being thereof duly convi&ed in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVefminfer, or at the general quarter feffions of the county, city, riding, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committee!, or where fuch person or persons (hall be apprehended or arrefted for fuch offence, (hall fuffer imprifonment by the

*	fpace of fix months without bail or mainprize.

II.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Yeaft may be person or persons drawing fpirits, brandy, or low wines from ufed for fer-any foreign materials, or any Englijh materials, other than fuch m^tation of as are prohibited by this adf, to make ufe of a reafonable quan- w ’

tity of yeaft for the fermentation of their wafh, in order to the diddling of the fame ; any thing in this or any other a<ft to the contrary notwithdanding.

III.	And whereas it is found by experience, That his Majefy hath been very much defrauded of his duties upon- low wines and fpirits by ' many difillers and other persons, who keep or fet up private and concealed warehoufes, forehoufes, cellars or other places, or private or concealed fills, backs or other vejfels for the making, preparing or keeping wajb, low wines, fpirits or other materials fit for dif illation, and by private pipes and flop-cods, and other private conveyances, have communication between their private and publick backs and other vejfels, by which they do privately convey their wajb or other liquors fit for dif illation from one back or other vejfel to another, by means whereof the officers cannot take and keep a true and diftinft account of fuch wafh and other liquors fit for dif illation, nor of the low wines and fpirits made or drawn from the fame: and whereas the gaugers and officers of excife are not fufficiently impowered by law, upon fuf-ptcion or knoivledge of fuch frauds, to enter the houjes or places where the fame are praftifed without confent of the pojfejfors thereof, or up* on entry and difcovery of fuch frauds, cannot find out or difcover the person or perjons concerned therein, by reafon that the true owner or owners offuch warehoufes, ftorehoufes, cellars, or other places, fills, backs or other vejfels, Jpirits, low wines, wafl) or other materials Jit for dif illation, will not appear or claim any intereft therein, but frequently dif own the fame, be it therefore ena6ted by the authority aforeiaid. That every didiller having and keeping any private Pri/ate pipe pipe or dop-cock, or other private conveyance, by wnich any ftoPlCoc^* wa(h or other liquors fit for diftillation may be conveyed from tak*a one back or veffel to another, or from any fuch back or other ^ veffel to their (till or dills, or into any other place, (hall, before

the eight and twentieth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, take up or demolifK every fuch pipe, dop-cock, or other private conveyance, and (hall alfo dop up every ho]0 in every fuch back or walhbatch, by which any wa(h of

other

Digitized by

Google

Penalty on diftiller.

Ahno decimo & undedmo GulIelMi JH. C.4. [1699,

other liquors fit for diftillation may be conveyed into or out of fuch back or wafhbatch, or any of them, ana that no diftiller, from and after the faid eight and twentieth day of February, (hall have or keep any private pipe, ftop-cock, or other private conveyance, by which any wa(h or other liquors fit for diftillation may be conveyed from one back or other veflel to another, or from any fuch back or other veflel to his or her ftill or ftills, or into any other place, nor (hall have or keep any hole in any fuch back or wafhbatch, by which any wafh, or any other liquors fit for diftillation, may be conveyed into or out of fuch back or wafhbatch, or any of them: on pain to forfeit for every fuch pipe, ftop-cock, conveyance and hole, the fum of one hundred pounds.

IV.	And for the better difcovering of all fuch pipes, ftop-cocks, and other private conveyances aforefaid, be it further

Excife officers enadted. That from and after the faid eight and twentieth day may fearch for Qf February, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the gaugers fuch pipes, &c. an(j Qg;cers Qf excife, or any Qf them, in the day-time, and in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer for the peace (who are hereby required to be aiding and affifting therein) on requeft first made and caufe declared, to break up the ground in any diftilling houfe, or the ground near adjoining or any wall, partition, or other place, to fearch for any fuch pipe, ftop-cock, or any other private conveyance; and upon finding fuch pipe or other conveyance, to break up the ground, houfe, wall or other partition or place, through or into which any fuch pipe or other conveyance (hall lead, and to break up or cut any fuch pipe or other conveyance, and to turn any cock or cocks, to try and examine whether fuch pipe or other conveyance, may or can convey any wafh or other liquors fit for diftillation, out of one back or veflel into another,or from any fuch back or veflel into any ftill or ftills, or into any other place.

V.	Provided always. That in cafe upon fuch fearch, no fuch o^rtomake P*Pe or ot^er P”vate conveyance (hall be found, fuch gaugers fatisfa6Hon to an^ officers of excife (hall make good the ground, wall, houfe,

or other place fo broken up, as aforefaid, or make reafonable fatisfadtion to the owner or owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next juftices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum; or the party injured (hall be at liberty to bring his adtion for the damages by him fuftained ; and what (hall be adjudged by the faid juftices, or recovered upon fuch adtion, (hall be paid out of his Majesty’s revenue of excife, by the cotn-miflioners thereof for the time being: and if any diftiller, or any other person or persons whatfoever, (hall oppofe, obftrudt, or hinder any fuch gauger or officer in the due execution of the powers hereby given and granted, every fuch diftiller, and other person (hall forfeit and lofe, for every luch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any diftiller to keep and make ufe of any pipe, ftop-cock, or other conveyance above ground,

which

and break up the fame.

In cafe no

owner.

Penalty on diftiller ob-ftrudting officer.

Diftiller may ufe pipes above ground,

Digitized by v^ooQle

i 699,] Anno decimo & undedmo GULltLMi III. C, 4.	241

which are publick, and in open view, from one end thereof to the other, for the letting, his wafh out of his publick coolers into his publick backs or wafh-batches, and for conveying his ■wafh or worts out of fuch publick back or wafhbatch into his publick dills $ any thing in this a<5t, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary in iny wife notwithflanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* Officer fuf-That in cafe the gaugers or officers of excife, or any of them, pe&ing pn-lhall know, or have caufe to fufpeft any fuch private or con- vatc *&c# cealed (till, back, or other veflel, fpirits, low wines, wafh, or other materials preparing for diftillation, to be fet up or kept in any houfe or place, and lhali make affidavit before one or more juftiqe or juftices of the peace for the county or place where he (hall fo know or fufped: fuch private or concealed ftill, back, or other veflel, fpirits; low wines, or materials preparing for diftillation, are or fhali be fo fet up or kept, and lhali in fuch affidavit declare the grounds of fuch his knowledge or fufpicion* then and in fuch cafe, it lhali and may belawfuhfor fuch officer or officers, in the day-time, and in the prefence of a conftable* or other lawful officer of the peace (who are hereby required to be aiding and aflifting therein) by warrant fron^ fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch affidavit lhali be made* to be diredted to fuch officer or officers of excife (which warrant the faid juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required to grant) to break open the door, or any part of fuch houfe or place, where he or they lhali fo know or fufpedt fuch private or concealed ftill, back, or veflel, fpirits, low wines, or materials for diftillation are fo fet up or kept; and to enter may feize the into fuch houfe or place, and to feize all fuch ftills, backs, or fame> Smother veflels, and alfo all fuch fpirits, low wines, walh, or other materials for diftillation that lhali be found therein, and to detain and keep the fame in fuch houfe or other place where he or they lhali find the fame fo kept private or concealed ; and in cafe the fame lhali not, within twenty days next after fuch feizure be claimed by the true and lawful owner thereof, then and if not the faid ftills, backs, and other veflels, fpirits, low wines, and Slaime^ V? materials for diftillation lhali be abfolutely forfeited, and lhali and forfeited and may be fold at the next general day of tale, to be appointed by fold, the commiflioners of excife, or their officer or officers refpe<ftive-ly, after the faid twenty days are expired; one moiety of the proceed thereof (all neceflary charges being first deducted out of the whole) to be paid to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs andiuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to the party or parties who (hall fo difeover and feize the fame; and in cafe fuch ftills, backs, and other veflels, fpirits, low wines, and materials for diftilla-tions, lhali within the faid twenty days be claimed by any per-fbn or persons whatfoever, the person or persons fo claiming Penalty on the fame, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch warehoufe, ftore- Pcrr°n pi*1.™-houfe or other place, in which any fuch ftill, back, or other	uc 1

Yellel (hall be found, and alfo for every fuch ftill, backhand other veflel found therein, the fum of two hundred pounds.

V01*. X.	R	VIII. PrO-

242 A mao derfmo & undecimo Gulielmi I3J. c. 4. [1699.

If no private . VIII. Provided always. That in cafe upon fuch breaking ^ *®und’ °Pen any fuch door or houfe, no fuch private or concealed back, ° tr ^or other veflel, fpirits, low wines, walh, or other materials

damage.

Penalty on person opj> ling officer.

All fpirits made from, mixture of, fpirits with wa(h, deemed

for diftillation, (hall be found, fuch gauger and officers of excifc, Ihall make good the houfe or place (b broken up, as afbrefoicL or make reafonable fatisfadfcion to the owner or owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next juft ices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum; or the party injured (hall be at l&crty to bring his action for the damages by him fuftained; and what (hall be adjudged by the faid juft ices, or recovered upon fuch a<tion, (hall be paid put of his Majesty’s revenue of excife,by the commiffioners thereof for the time being; and if any diftiller,or any other person or persons whatfoever, (hall oppofe, obftrud, or hinder any fuch gauger or officer fo authorized, as aforefaid, in the due execution of the powers hereby given and granted, every fuch diftilier, or other person, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds ; all which faid penalties (hall be recovered and levied by the lame means and methods, as any fine or penalty jmpofed by any law of excife now in force is recoverable; one moiety of which faid forfeitures (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and (ucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will difcover, inform, or fue for the fame, as aforefaid.

IX. And whereas many diftiliersy on pretence of rectifying of fpi~ fits, do mix fpirits with wajh and other liquors, and afterwards diftil the famey whereby his Majeftfs duties on Jew wines are avoided, and not duly dnfwered and paidy as by the former afts is directed and ap* pointed: for prevention whereof be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That all fpirits made or drawn by any* diftilier from any mixture of fpirits with any kind of wafh or other liquor (except common water) (hall be deemed and taken

low wines, and to be low wines, and (hall be chargeable with the duties already chargeable fet and impofed on low wines drawn from foreign materials. ties!1 thC dU~ X. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore-Provifb. faid. That in fuch houfe and houfes, and other edifices which were ufed as publick or open diftilleries for the drawing or diftilling of fpirits or low wines from wort or drink brewed from malted corn, during the year ended on the thirtieth day of Sep-tember, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, or during any part thereof (aqd in no other houfe or place whatfoever) it (hall and may be lawful to and for the owners and occupiers of the.fekthoufes and diftifieries refpectively, at any time or times between the laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, and the *firlt day of February^ one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nirte, to draw, diftil, and make, or caufe to be drawn, diftilled, and made, any fpirits or low wines from drink or wort brewed from malted corn, fo as the whole quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, which between the faid laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, and the (aid first day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, (hall be drawn, diftilled, or made in •very fuch diftillery refpectively, from any malt, com, or grain,

or

6

i§99*] Atfhd decimo & lindecimo GOuelMi 111. c.4.	^43

* t>r from ffie produce thereof, do not in the whole exceed half the quantity of low wiries or fpirits of the first extraction, which in the year already ended, as aforefaid, were drawn, diftilled, or made within the fame houfe or diftillery refpedtively, from drink or worf brewed with malted corn, and fo as the quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, which m • the firft, fecohd, third, and eveiy other kalendary month of the year, reckoned from the faid laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, fhall be drawn, diftilled, or made in every fuch diftillery refpeCtively, from malt, corn, or grain,

from the produce thereof, do not exceed half the quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, which in the like firft, fecond, third, and every other kalendary month of the year, ended as aforefaid, were drawn, diftilled, or made within the fame houfe or diftillery refpeCtively,' from drink or wort brewed with malted corn; and in cafe any doubt or controverfy fhall arife concerning the quantity of fpirits or low wines which were drawn or diftilled in any houfe or diftillery within or during the faid year, ended on the faid thirtieth day of September, one	»

thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, or any month of the fame, from drink or worts brewed from malted corn, or concerning the exceeding of half that quantity or proportion in the year to be reckoned from the faid laft day of January, one thoq-fend fix hundred ninety and eight, or in any month thereof* then the fame fhall be determined by the accounts or vouchers returned into the head office of the excife, containing the quantities of fuch low wines or fpirits of the first extraction made in every fuch houfe or diftillery within or during the year already ended, as aforefaid, whereby his Majesty’s duties were charged or chargeable, or by the entries of the fame, .to which all per-fons concerned (upon reafonable requeft) fhall have free accefs without fee or charge; any thing herein contained to the con* trary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffiorters of the excife, or any three or more of them, upon requeft to them made, fhall make forth and deliver in writing under their hands, gratis, to the owners or occupiers aforefaid, or fgch as they fhall appoint, a true account of the quantities of ;1qw wines or fpirits of the first extraction, charged in the faid vouchers, as were made in every refpective diftillery in each re-fpeCtive month of the year, ended at the thirtieth day of Septem* ber, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, as aforefaid,

from drink or worts brewed with malted corn.	prom Feb.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, 1698^0 1 Feb. , That no person or persons whatfoever, from and after the laft 1699. no beer,

; day of February, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hun- &c*	-

dred ninety and eight, and before the firft: day of February, eexPor which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, fhall direCtly or indireCtly export* transport, carry out, convey, or caufe or procure to be exported .pr .transported* carried, or conveyed out of or from the faid king-

R 2	dotn

Digitized by

Google

r

.244

Penalty.

Provifo.

Charles Bennett diftiller.

Anno declmo & undecimo GulieLMI III. C.4. (1699;

dom of England, dominion of Walej, and town of Berwick upoa Tweed, or any of them, or load or lay on board, oir caufe oc procure to be loaden or laid on board in any (hip, veflel, art boat, in order to be exported or carried put of the kingdom/ dominion, or town aforefaid, for any foreign parts, any beer, ale, or any wa(h or worts drawn from colrn, or any ale or beer from which fpirits may be extracted, under the pains and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to fay, for every barrel of beer, ale, wafli, or worts fo exported, the fum of five pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered as other penalties by this aft are directed to be recovered.

XIII.	Provided always, That this aft or any thing therein contained (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of fuch beer or ale as (hall be neceffary to be carried in any (hip or other veflel or veflels, from this kingdom/ or the dominion iforefaid, or in their return to the fame, only for the fuftenartce or drink of the commanders, mafters, mariners, paf-1 fengers, or others in the fame (hips, and not to be fold in foreign 1 parts, or for the fupplv of any of his Majesty^s (hips in foreign parts; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to any beer or ale, which (hall be exported, or (hipped •to be exported out or from any of the ports of this kingdom, or dominion of Wales, untb fuch of his Majesty’s colonies in America, Perftay or the Eajl Indies, that have been ufually fup-plied with fuch liquors from this kingdom, or from the dominion of Wales, aforefaid, or for the fuftentation of the faid iflands and colonies, forts, caftles, or faftories therein only, fo as the exporters, before the (hipping or laying on board the fame for the iflands or colonies for which the faid liquor is de-(igned, do give fuflicient fecurity, in treble the value, to the com-miflioners or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms refpeftively, who have hereby power to take fuch fecurity in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe, That fuch liquors (hall not be landed in any parts whatfoever, other than the iflands and colonies for which the fame (hall be fo declared; for taking which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received; and the faid bond or'bonds, or other fecurities, if not profecuted within three

• years, (hall be void.

. XV. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to prevent or hinder Charles Bennett diftiller, from drawing or diftilling fpirits or low wines from worts or drink brewed from malted corn, from the laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, to the first day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine; always fo as the whole quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, which between the faid laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred - ninety eight, and the faid first day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be drawn, diftilled, or made in his now

diftillery

Digitized by

Google

"r

W

■®5

f4:

inss eve feji m y to: ad i

inji

nor:

:c&

nlyi

iner4

in?

in:

imfe

ini

iri

fc

m

li

iSgg.] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 5,6.	245

diftillery from any malt, corn or grain, or from7 the produce ^thereof, do not in the whole exceed half the quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, by him drawn and extracted in the year already ended on the thirtieth of September , one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and fo as the faid Charles Bennett doth obferve and perform all things elfe, as, all other diftillers are by this act obliged to obferve and perform.

.cap; v.

An at for the clearing, repairing, preferving and maintaining the haven Re.enaBed fir and piers of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk,	2I year/ by o

From 2^. July, 1699. for twenty one years, Ihips unlading in Yarmouth <Qeo. i.c.io# Road, to pay for every chaldron of coals, laft of wheat, rye, &c. weigh from the year of fait, tun of goods or merchandize (except fifh) 12 d. Bailiffs and *723, aldermen, &c. to appoint colle&ors of the duties, who are to pay the fame to the chamberlains of the borough, &c. Twelve commiflioners for infpetting the accounts to be nominated. Colle&ors to render to the commiflioners account of monies received, &c. to take an oath, and be allowed 6d. in the pound. Collector may enter into (hip, &c* and for nonpayment of duty may diftrain and fell, rendring the overplus. Fifh, oil, fifh livers, and provifion^ &c. exempted from duty* Commiflioners for Norfolk and Suffolk to be nominated yearly at the quarter feflions, and meet in fix weeks after at Great Yarmouth. In cafe commiflioners do not meet, bailiffs and aldermen, See. to put the a6t in execution, who may put in or difplace any colle&or, &c. In cafe of refufal, bailiffs to levy by dillrefs. Where no diftrefs, person to be committed to gaol. Bailiffs, Sec. to make good the monies colletted.

If any new work be found neceflary, commiflioners may contract for the fame 5 contract money to be paid out of the duties. Commiflioners bailiffs may att with the other commiflioners. EXP*

i	C	A	P.	VI.

^	An	aft to enlarge the trade to Ruffia.

TX7HEREAS King Philip and §{ueen Mary, by their letters W patents dated at Weftminfter the fixth day of February, in |r;	the firji and fecond years of their reign, being willing to animate, ad-

vance and further the persons in the faid letters patents named, in ^	their good purpofe and profitable adventure, for the difcovering, defery-

y ing and finding out ifles, lands and territories unknown, lying to the northward, and by Englifh fubjefts before then not commonly fire-1 quented by fea, as well for the glory of God, as for illujlrating the royal dignity in the increafe of the revenues of the crown, and the ; general wealth of this realm, and 'of the fubjefts of the fame (as in the faid letters patents is particularly exprejjed) did incorporate the faid persons by the name of Merchants adventurers for the difeo-very of lands, territories, ifles, and feigniories unknown, and not by the feas and navigations, before their faid late adventure or enterprize by fea or navigation, commonly frequented, with power to make Jlatutes, afts, and ordinances for the good government, of the faid fellowjhip, and alfo to admit unto the faid fellowjhip persons to be free of the fame ; and that every person or persons fo to be admitted, jfhoutd from the time of his or their admittances be free of the faid fellowjhip; and.that the find fellowjhip should have and enjoy the foie trade to all the main lands, ifles, ports, havens, creeks and fivers of the emperor 0/* Ruffia, and to all find fngular other lands,

•	R	3	4mmn$t

Digitized by

1

Anno de^inio & gn4?cip^o GuLJEtMl IIL C.6. [169$

dominions, territories, ports, creeks and arms of the fea wbatfoevery in thje faid letters patents particularly mentioned and defcribedy as by the Jaid letters patents (among other things therein contained) more at large may and doth appear : and yjhereas the liberties, powers and privileges granted by the jaid letters patents, were qfterwards by an $tat. 8 Eli?, aft ofparliament made in the eighth year.of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, ratified and confirmed to the faid fellowship and their fuc-cefjbrsy by the name of The fellowfhip or Englijh merchants for difcovery of new trades, with power to have and enjoy all and fin* gular the liberties, privileges, jurifdiftionsy powers and authorities, as well in the faid letters patents as aft of parliament mentioned or contained, with a prohibition, that no fubjeft or denizen of this realm Jbould traffick to, vifit, or frequent any of the places granted by the v	faid	aft to the faid fellowfhip to trade in, but. by order, agreement or

confent of the governor, confuls and affiants of the faid fellowjhip for the time beings or the major fart of them, upon pain that every person and perfdns offending in that behalf Should forfeit and lofe (ipfo fafto) every fuch Jhip and flips with the appurtenances, and all fuch goods and things wbatfoevery as by any fuch persons Jbould be by 'any meansy direftly or indireftlyy carriedy conduftedy brought or ex-changed in, at or toy through or from any of the places prohibitedy Contrary to the true intent of the (aid afty one moiety thereof to the

fteen's majejly, her heirs and JuccefforSy and the other moiety there* to the faid fellowfhip and their fuccefforSy as by the faid aft of par-ment (amongjl other things therein contained) more at large may and doth appear: and whereas the eafy admiffion of persons into the faid company of fellowfhipy spill in all probability tend very much to ' the enlarging the faid trade for/the publick goody and for thet there is no mention made either in the faid letters patentSy or aft of par-liamevty upon what terms persons fhall be adnfittedy or what certain fine fhall be taken by the fellowjhip for the admitting persons to be free thereofy the afcertaining whereof would very much tend to the in-creafing the number of traders to the faid places; therefore for the afcertaining hereafter what fine (hail be taken by the (aid fellowship for the faid admiffions, and for enlarging and encouraging the trade to Ruffiay and other the places in the faid charter and[ a& of parliament mentioned and defcribed; be it ena&ed bv the King’s mod excellent majefty, by %nd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Frora 15 Man rity of the fame. That from and after the five and twentieth

1699.	perfons jay Qf Manhy which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou-ted^into^he^7 ®-x hundred ninety nit>e, everv fubject of this realm defir-? Ruffia com- ing admiffion iqto the faid fellowmip of Englifb merchants fot pany, paying difcovery of new trades, commonly called or known hy the name ^of The Ruflia companyy on requeft in that behalf to be made to the governor, confuls and affiftants for the time being of thq faid fellovyfhip, or any three or more of them, (hall be admitted into the faid fellowfhip, and (hall have, ufe, and enjoy all the liberties, 'privileges, jurifdidtions, franchifes, powers and au-r thorities granteqto the faid fellowfhip, either b.y the faid letter^ \	'	’ •	.	”	patents

Digitized by v^ooQle

i(>99>] Anno dedmo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c/7.	$47

patents or ad of parliament, as largely, fully and amply, to all intents, conftru&ions and purpofes, as any other member of -the faid fellowfhip could, can or may have, ufe or enjoy the feme by virtue of the faid letters patents, and ad of parliament, or either of them, fuch fubjed paying for fuch his admiflion, for the ufe of the faid fellowfhip only, the fum of five pounds, and no more.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid five and twentieth of March, the foot of five pounds only, and no more, (hall be demanded, taken or accepted by the faid fellowfhip, for any admiflion to the freedom thereof; any by-law, ftatute or ordinance of the faid fellowfhip, made or to be made to the contrary thereof in . any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, Admiflion by That where any perlbn or persons residing in any out-port, or agent.

any other place within this realm, the dominion of Wale$*> or town of Berwick upon Tweed, fhall make requeft to be admitted into the faid fellowfhip as aforefaid, by his agent or deputy, making tender of five pounds for his admiflion, the faid governor, confuls and afliftants, fhall under the common feal of the laid fellowfhip, within ten days after fuch requeft, appoint one or more person or persons to admit fuch person or persons into the freedom of the faid fellowfhip, and to adminifter to him and them the oath to be taken by the freemen of the faid Oath, fellowfhip; which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter ; which admiflion and adminiftration of the faid oath fhall Such admif-be as good and effectual, as if the fame were actually done by S00^ the faid governor, confuls and afliftants.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, parliament to That the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms fhall, at eve- have a yearly ry feflion of parliament, lay before both houfes a true account account or in writing, under their hands, of what naval ftores fhall hajte

been imported into this kingdom by any persons trading to Ruflia.

Muffin,

CAP. VII.

An act for preventing irregular proceedings of Jheriffs and other officers'^ in making the returns of members chofen to ferue in parliament.

FOR preventing abufes in the returns of writs of fummons for the calling and aflembling of any parliament for the future, or writs for the choice of any new member to ferve in parliament; and to the end fuch writs may, by the proper officer or his deputy, be duly returned and delivered to the clerk of the crown, to be by him filed, according to the ancient and legal courfe; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament affembled, and by authority of the feme. That the fheriff, or other officer having the

R 4	execution

Digitized by v^ooQle

Writ when returnable,

King.

7 & 8 W. 3 * *5-

. Annadecimo & undccimo Guljelmi HI. c. 8. [1699.'

execution and return of any fuch wrk which (hall bfe iffqed for the future,- (hall, on or before the day that any future parliament (hall be called to meet, and with all convenient expedition, not exceeding fourteen days after any eleftion made by virtue of any new writ, either in person, or by his deputy, make return of the fame to the clerk of the crown in the high court of Sheriff an re- Chancery, to be by him filed; and the (heriff, or other person turn of writ to making fuch return, fhall pay to the (aid clerk of the crown the {fees, &c!n ' antient and lawful fees of four (hillings, and no more, for every knight of a (hire, and two (hillings, and no more, for every citizen, burgefs, or baron of the cinque ports, returned into and charge the the faid court, to be by him filed; and the faid (heriff or offr-fame to the cer (hall, by virtue of this a dt, charge the fame to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and have allowance thereof in -his account in the Exchequer or elfewhere,

II.	And whereas by an aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An adt for the further regulating ele&ions of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of (herjffs and other officers in the eledling and returning fuch members, it is provided and enabled, That the officer, on the receipt of any fuch writ, fhall, within three days after fuch his receipt, by bimfelf or proper agent, deliver or caufe to be delivered, a precept or preceptsM the proper officer of every borough, town corporate, port or place within his jurtfdiftion, to whom the execution of fuch precept doth belong or appertain, which by experience hath been found too Jbort a time for ' the performance of the fame in the cinque ports, be it therefore en-Officer of the adted by the authority aforefaid, That.from henceforth thepro-

alfowsd^ da s P5r °®c^r *be c*nclU€ Ports be allowed fix days from the frotn receipFS beefeipt of fuch writ for the delivery of the precept, according to of writ.	the purport of the faid adt; any thing in'the faid adt, or any 0-

thcr law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Penalty pn III. And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid, n0t every fheriff or other officer or officers aforefaid, who ma inor r^_	^ajj npt	the retums according to the trile intent and

meaning of this adt, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence thefum of five hundred pounds, one moiety whereof (hal! be to his Majesty, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflmin-Jler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege or wager of law (hall be allpwed, nor any more than one imparlance.

making re fum.

CAP. VIII.

An' aft for making, and keeping the river Tone navigable from Bridge-;	water	to	Taunton,	in	the	county of Soraerfet.

John Mallet efquire, and his afljgne^s, confervators of the river Tone, who are impqwered to keep the river navigable from Bridgewater to Ham Mills, arid thence to Taunton, and cut a new channd. A way to the land on either fide of the river. Confervators to contraft with the owners of land for damage &c. If parties difagree touching tl^e value qf fuch lands, (heriff tb fummon a jury, and the determination to ‘	'	'	■	•	bmd

Digitized by v^,ooQle

1699*] Anno dedmo & undecimo GulieImi III. c. 9,’10. , 249

bind all parties. Agreements to be figned and fealed in four days after made, and enrolled at the feffions. On payment, confervators may enter on the lands. Jury may examine persons on oath. Parties not appearing, jury may order what fatisfafhon. Whifch order fhall be good, and veft a fee fimple eftate in the confervators. For reimburiing the confervators, with intereft at 61. percent, every boat, &c. paffing from Bridgewater to Ham Mills, to pay 4 d. a weigh for coals Bridgewater mealure, and 2 d. per tun for other goods, wares, &c. Duties to be paid at Knap Bridge. In cafe of nonpayment, boar, &c. to be ftopf, till duty paid. Boat, &c. paffing from Ham Mills to Taunton, to pay duties at Coal Harbour, .4 s. a weigh for coals, 2 s. per tun for other

foods. On nonpayment to flop fuch boat, See. until duty be paid. Boat,

:c. paffing from Taunton to Bridgewater, to pay 12 d. per tun for goods, See. at the first lock next to Taunton. In cafe of nonpayment to detain fuch boat until duty be paid. After confervators are reim-burfed, only 1 d. a weigh on coals, and x d. a tun on goods to be paid ( at Knap Bridge, and 1 s. a weigh on coals, and 6 d. a tun on goods to be paid at Coal Harbour.' Toll how to be applied. Surplus to be em-" ployed for the ufe of the poor of Tauhton, m building an hofpital for educating poor children. Boatmen, See. may ufe winches, See. . Am account of difburferoents to be kept, and entredin a book, and brought yearly before the bifhop of Bath and Wells, See. who may allow and diftribute the fame. Yearly account to be made up to 24 June. Bifhop • * and juftices may examine persons on oath. Duplicate of the account to be figned by the bifhop. Sec. and kept at the feffions. Confervators of - the river to be perpetual. Prefent confervators conftituted for life..

When they are reduced to the number of twenty, furvivors may choofe others, to make them thirty in number. Confervators may receive any gift, legacy, See. and have eftates conveyed to them. Five to be a committee, and make any contract, fee. Confervators may fue or be fued on fuch contracts, and may appoint fervants to manage eftates, and conftitute receivers. Sec. but fubje&to the bifhop’s corre&ion. Publick

CAP. IX.

An a& for granting to his.Majefty the fum of one million four hundred £XP« eighty four thouland and fifteen pounds one (hilling eleven pence three farthings, for difbanding the army, providing for the navy, and for other neccffary occafions. 3 s. in the pound.

CAP. X.

An act to  prevent the exportation of wooll out if the kingdom of Ireland and England into foreign parts and for the encouragement of the woollen manujaftures in the king-'■ dom .England.

FORASMUCH as wooll and the woollen manufoftures of This a& mad* cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, and other fluffs made or mixed with more effeftued wooll, are the grtateft and moft profitable commodities of this king- y dom, on which the value of lands, and the trade of the nation do chiefly depend: and whereas great quantities of the like manufoftures have of late been made, and are daily increafing in the kingdom of Irela nd, qnd in the Engli(h plantations in America, and are exported from thence to foreign markets, heretofore fupplied from England, which will inevitably fink the value of lands, and tend to the ruin of the trade, and the woollen manufoftures of this realm: for the prevention whereof, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures within this kingdom, be it ena&ed^by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by an4 with thp advice and coqfent of • ' ' * . : - :: : - ..

From *4 June,

J699*

no wool!, woollfells.

the fea, &c. in order to he exported, is forfeited by 5 Geo. S» C« 11. (• 21,

. Anno dedmo it undecimo Gulielmi 1IL aio» [1699.

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, m this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no perTon or persons whatfoever, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall diredfcly or indiredtly export, tranf-port, (hip off, carry or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, trapfported, (hipped off, carried, or conveyed out of, or from the find kingdom of Ireland, into any foreign realm, dates, or dominions, or into any parts or places whatfoever, other than the parts within the kingdom ,of England, or the dominion of Wales,

........ any the woofl, woollfells, (hortlings, mortlings, wopllflocks,

ihortlings, &e. worfted, bay, or woollen yam, cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, to be exported fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (halloons, or any other out of Ireland, df apery * fluffs or woollen manufadtures whatfoever, made up but England mixed with wooll or woollflocks, or (hall directly or indiredfc-Scc. g * ly load, or caufe to be loaden upon any horfe, cart, or other Carriage, or load or lay on board, or caufe to be laden or laid on board in any (hip or veflel, in any place or parts within or feiongjflg t0 the faid kingdom of Ireland, any fuch wooll, wooll-fells, mortlings, mortlings, woollflocks, worfted, bay, or woollen yam, cloth, bays, kerfeys, ferges, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (halloons, or any other drapery or woollen manufadtures, to the intent or purpofe to export, tranfport, (hip off, carry or convey the fame, or caufe the fame to be exported, transported, (hipped off, carried or conveyed out of the faid kingdom of Ireland, or out of any port or place belonging to the fame, or with intent or purpofe, that any person or persons whatfoever (hould fo export, tranfport, (hip.off, carry or convey the fame out of the faid kingdom of Ireland, into any ports or places, except as aforefaid.

II. And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every of the offender and offenders, offence and offences, aforefaid, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the refpedtive pains, and penalties, and forfeitures hereafter following (that is to fay) The hid woqll, woollfells, (hortlings, mortlings, woollflocks, worded, bay. or woollen yarn, cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (halloons, or any other draperies, fluffs, or any other manufactures, made of or mixed with wooll pr woollflocks, fo exported, tranfported, (hipped off, or carried, conveyed, or loaden* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (hall be forfeited $ and that every of the offender and offenders therein (hall tikewife forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence 5 and ail and every (hip, veflel, barge, boat, or other bottom whatfoever, wherein any of the faid commodities are or (hall be (hipped or laid on board, Contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (hall be forfeited, with all her tackle, apparel, and furniture to them and every of them belonging; and the maflers and mariners thereof, or any porters, carriers, waggoners, boatmen, or other persons whatfoever, knowing fijeh offence, and wittingly aiding and affiftmg therein, (hall forfeit forty pounds; of which ana moiety (hall be to him Qf them that (hail fue for the fame by

'	bin.

penalties on offenders.

By 3 Geo. i< C. at. f. 4. Qne moiety is given to the

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1699O * Anno decirno & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. id.- 251

bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of re-cord 1 ri England, or Ireland, and the other moiety thereof to the encouragement of fetting up the linen manufactures in Ireland* to be aifpofed of by the court of Exchequer there for that ufe only; in which fuit no eflbin, protection, or wager law,. or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

III.	And to prevent evading the penalties of this aCt, by pretention of profecution or acquittals in Ireland; be it enaCted No acquittal, by the authority aforefaid, That no acquittal, nor any indiCl- &c. in Ireland, ment, information, or fuit (unlefs the offender be thereupon al*owed m *** convicted) in Ireland, for any offence provided againft in thismEng-a&, (hall be pleaded or allowed in bar or delay of any indiCt- land. S ment, information, fuit, or profecution within the kingdom of

England,

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Any person That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perlon or per- may ieize all fans to feize, take, fecure, and convey to his Majesty’s nextfuchwooll,&c. warehoufe, all fuch wooll, woollfells, (hortlings, mortlings, woollflocks, worded, bay, or woollen yam, cloth, ferges, hays,

kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (balloons, duffs, and other draperies and woollen manufactures, or mixed with w;ooll or woollflocks, as he or they (hall happen to fee, find, know, or difcover to be laid on board in any (hip, veflel, or boat, or to be brought, carried, or laid on (hore, at or near the	,

fea, or any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported or conveyed out of the faid kingdom pf Ireland, contrary to the true meaning of this aCt, Or to be laden upon any hdrfe, cart, or other carriage, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, conveyed, or carried into any foreign parts or places, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof j and al- And alfo the fo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person and foip, hulk, Sec* persons to feize and fecure all and every fuch (hip, hulk, veflel, barge, or boat, of what kind foever, or wherefoever found or difcovered, wherein any of the aforefaid commodities (hall happen to be (hipped or put on board, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and that fuch person or persons that Selzcr indent (hall happen fo to feize, take, or fecure any of the commodities for aforefaid, or any fuch (hip, veflel, hulk, barge, or boat, as a- oing’ forefaid, (hall be indemnified for fo doing, to all intents an<J purpofes.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That for every (hip or veflel, which from and after the laid four and twentieth day of June% (hall fet out and fail from the faid kingdom of Ireland% in order to export or carry off any of the commodities afQreflud to this kingdom, bond (hall be given by Bonj to ^ two fufficient persons, known inhabitants of and refiding in or given for fhip near the place where the bond is or (hall be given, to the chief taking on officers of the cuftoms, belonging to the faid port or place in bo*r<* the faid kingdom pf Ireland, from whence the faid (hip or veflel c° **** 1 * (hall fet (ail, in double the value of any the aforefaid goods^ intended to be traidported, as aforefaid* before the (nip or

veflel

Digitized by LjOOQle

z$2 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. io. [1699.

veflel (hall be permitted to lade on board any of* the commodities aforefaid, with condition that if the feid (hip or veflel (hall lade or take on board any of the faid goods, in the kingdom of Ireland, that then and in fuch cafe all the faid goods (ball be brought, by the fame (hip or veflel, to fome port or ports within the kingdom of England^ or the dominion of Wales, as aforefaid, and (hall there unlade or put on fhore the fame, and pay the cuftom and duties thereof, the danger of the feas Skip taking only excepted. And that every (hip or veflel, which (hall lade or take on board any of the faia goods, until fuch bond be giv-b®nd given^to en’ be forfeited, to be recovered and employed in mari-be forfeited, ner as aforefaid.

VI.	And for the more effe&ual execution of the powers granted by this' a6t; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Aregifter to That a regifter be kept at the cuftom houfe in London, of all coodfimport- a^orc®1^ goods, from time to time imported from Ireland, Id from Ire- " *nto any °f the ports within this kingdom, or dominion of land.	Wales, with the particular qualities and quantities thereof, the

mafter’s and owners names, and to whom configned. dockets, &c. VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all cockets and warrants for the carrying or tranfporting figned^’ and °f any of the aforefaid goods, from the kingdom of Ireland, to and certifi- any port or ports aforefaid, within this kingdom, (hall be writ-cates of land- ten upon paper, and not parchment, and (igned by tliree of the chief officers of fuch refpe&ive port at lead, and all certificates of landing the fame in any the ports aforefaid, within this king-Goods to be dom, or dominion of Wales., (hall be (igned in like manner $ and that all the goods aforefaid, both at (hipping and landing, y 9	*	(hall be viewed and examined by the furveyor or fearcher, or

’ land-waiter, attending the (hipping or difeharge of any the a-Q^otities to forefaid goods ; and that the exaft quantities and qualities, on th^^k t mar^s>	numbers of the goods aforefaid, fo (hipped in Ire-

on^ e coc e , (hall be particularly exprefled and indorfed upon the cocker, by which the faid goods are or were to be (hipped, and likewife upon the warrant for landing the fame in England, and alfo upon the certificate or certificates, given or to be given, for difeharging the bond or bonds taken in Ireland for the fame. Commiffioners VIII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, ofthe cuftoms That the commiflioners of the revenue, or farmers of the cu-trailfmit the ^oms> or	revenue	of	the kingdom of Ireland, for the time

quantities, &c. being, (hall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, once of goods ex- within every fix months, or within thirty days after the end ported, to the thereof, tranfmit or caufe ta be tranfmitted unto the commif-—or farmers of his Majesty's cuftoms in England, of all in England^ foch goods as aforefaid, as (hall from time to-time be exported and duplicates from the faid kingdom of Ireland', the qualities and quantities of the bonds, thereof, and duplicates of the bonds taken for lading the fame, ctet r f^erti anc* ^ whom and in what (hips exported, and where and to ficates? ^ 1 what port in the kingdom of England, or dominion of Wales y configned, and the names of the persons figning the certificates . pf the landing the fiwe in Bn^\and^ and the date of the faid /	certificate^

Digitized by Google

253

1699-] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 10.

certificates, and where the fame are or were laden, and alfo of the qualities and quantities, marks, and numbers contained in the faid certificates, in order that the fame may be compared with the regiftred account, appointed by this a£t to be kept by the commiffioners or farmers of the cuftoms of this kingdom.

IX.	And for preventing the mifchief of railing, obliterating, or interlining fuch certificates, as aforefaid; be it enabled by Certificates to the authority aforefaid. That all fuch certificates (hall be written be written on upon paper, and not parchment, and that the quantities andP*!*1*&c* qualities, marks, and numbers therein expreffed (hall not be obliterated or interlined upon any pretence whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Portg for ex_ all fuch goods as aforefaid, as fhall from time to time be ex- porting and" ported from the faid kingdom of Ireland, into the ports of this importing kingdom, or dominion of Wales, in manner as aforefaid, fhall goods.

be fhipped off and entred at the , ports of Dublin, Waterford, ^ 4	*

Toughall, Kingfale, Cork, and Drogheda, in the faid kingdom of be exported Ireland, and at or from no other port or place within the faid/r<ra*NewRofc« kingdom ; nor fhall the fame be imported into any parts of the kingdom of England, or dominion of Wales, other than the ports of Biddiford, Barnjlable, Minehead, Bridgewater, ^ Brijlol,

Milford Haven, Chefler, and Liverpool; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	And to the intent and purpofe that this ad may more Penalty on *

effedually be put in execution, for preventing the growing commiffioner mifchiefs that daily do or may arife to this kingdom, from the	°f

exportation of fuch goods as aforefaid, or any of them, out of	cu oms*

the kingdom of Ireland, fhould the fame ftill be fuffered to he

fent from thence to fupply the foreign markets, that are or have been fupplied from England; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any commiffioaer or commiffioners, farmer or farmers of the revenue of Ireland, or officer or officers employed under them in the management of the faid revenue there, (hall, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, take or fuffer to be taken any entry outward, or fign any cocket, warrant or fufferance, for the (nipping and exporting any fuch goods, as aforefaid, into any kingdom, (late, or do-	4

minion whatfoever (except as aforefaid) or (hall wittingly or willingly permit, contrive, or fuffer the fame to be done, di-redly or indiredly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, that then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, farmer or farmers, officer or officers, fo offending in the figning fuch cocket, warrant, or fufferance for the (hipping or exporting any of the faid goods into any other kingdom, (late, or dominion, or place whatfoever (except as aforefaid) or paffing fuch entry for the fame, or any wife conniving thereat, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, or (hall otherwife fail or negled to perform all other duties required by this prefent ad, (hall for every fuch offence or ne- • gled forfeit his office, and (hall moreover for every fuch offence

\

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Offences where triable.

Perfons fued for executing this a& may file a cdtamon bail, &c.

Defendant to Have treble cofts.

Woollen manufactures may be imported from Ireland to England.

Notice being first giren.

and bond en-tred into.

Anrto dedmo & tmdedmo GfriifeLNii III. <£. to.

fence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recoveted and employed in manner and form as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every offence which (hall be done or committed contrary to this a<5t, fhall and may be inquired of, tried, heard, and determined in the county where any fuch goods, as aforefaid, fhall be fo laden or put On board, as aforefaid, or elfe in the county, either in England or Inland, where fuch offender fhall happen to be apprehended or arrefted fot fuch offence, or where any fuch of the goods' aforefaid, or the faid fhip Or fhips, veflels, hulks, barks, Or boats fhall happen to be feized or taken, or brought in; and that the faid trial fhall be in fuch manner and form, arid in fuch effedl, to all intents and pUrpofes, as if the fame offence had been wholly done and committed in the fame county.

XIII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That if any adtion, bill, plaint, futt, or information fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfoh, for what he fhall do in purfbance of this a&, fuch person fo fued fhall and may file a common bail, or enter into a common appearance, and TJlead the general iflite, Not guilty, and upon iffue joined may lgive this aA and the fpecial matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become rionfuit, of fuffer difcontiriuance, or if a verdiA pafs againft him, or if upon detnUrrer judfetrient pafs agairtft him, the defendant fhall recover treble cons and damages for the moleftation.

XIV.	Atid for the further encouragement of the woollen manufactures of England; be it enacted by the authority afore-ftid. That it fhall and may be lawful, frbm and after the faid fbur and twentieth day bf June, to import from the faid potts of Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kinfdle, Cork, and Drogheda, in the kingdom of Ireland^ any wools, woolfells, fhortlings, rtlort-lings, woolflocks, worfted, bay, or woollen yarn, cloth, ferges, bays, kerfeys, frizes, druggets, fhalioons, fluffs, cloth-ferges, or any Other clrapery made of or mixed with wool, or woolflocks, and manufactured in the kingdom of Ireland, into fuch ports of this kingdom Or dominion of tVaks only, aS aforefaid, fo as Notice be first giveri tb the commlffioners or chief managers of hi& Majesty’s cuftonis in this kingdom,' or to the'chief cuftoitier or collector in the port to which the fame is intended to be brought, of the quantity, quality, and package, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the (hip andffiafteror commander, on which the faid goods are to be laden, and the place dr port into which they are intended to be imported, and fo as bond be first entred into, to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, with one or more fufficient fureties, in treble the value of the goods fo intended to be imported, That the fame fhall (the dangers of thefeas excepted) be landed accordingly, and fo as a licence be alfo first taken, under the hands of the commrfliorters or chief managers of the cuftotns for the time being, or three of them, or from the chief cuftomer or

collector

Digitized by Google

1699*] Anno decimo Srucdecimo GuLlfilkii III; c. id.

cplle&or where fuch bond is given, for theianding and import* ing thereof, as aforefaid; which licence they are hereby author Licence to be rized and required to grant, without any fee or reward, or any granted gratis. other charge, to the person demanding the fame; any law, fta*-tute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwitthftanding.

# XV. And for the more efffedtual preventing the tranfporta-tion of wool, woolfells, (hortlmgs, mortlings, or wnolflocks, worded, bay, or woollen yarn, or any manufactures of wodl or woolflocks, or mixed with the fame, into foreign parts; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the penalties afid for- Forfeitures on feitures of the bonds, which by this adt or iny other former law finable.01 * ' «>r ufage are to be givendor have been given in the kingdom of *

Ir€land> for any wool, or any of the commodities aforefoid, in* tended to be exported from that kingdom, to be brought into the ports of this kingdom, or dominion of Wales^ as aforefaid,

Audi not, on any confideration whatfoever, be granted or aflign-ed over to any person whatfoever; and that all fuch grants or Allfuchaf-alignments are and fhall be void to all intents and purpofes; f*gpwnt» j any law, ufage, or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwith* V01 * /landing,

XVI.	And for the better preventing the exportation of wool out of this kingdom or Ireland) into foreign parts ; be it ena&ed

by the authority aforefaid^ That the lord high admiral of Eng- Cruifmg fltips land) or commiflioners for executing the office of high admiral toTeize wool for the time being, (hall diredt and appoint two (hips of the fifth rate, and two (hips of the fixth rate, and eight armed (loops,	** ^

constantly to cruize on the coafts of England and Ireland) parti* cularly* between the north of Ireland and Scotland, with orders to take and feize all (hips, veflels, and boats, which (hall export any wool with intent to carry it into foreign parts 5 and Commiffion-that the lord high admiral, or commiflioners, as aforefaid, (hall *rs°f the cu-fend a lift of all fuch (hips and (loops, and the names of the ^ H^ofthe^ commanders, together with true copies of their feveral inftruc- cruizera. tions that are or (hall be given, to the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Londony within ten days after fuch orders, as afore-faid, are or (hall be givfen.

XVII.	And for the encouragement of the commanders and wttoj * mariners belonging to the (hips and (loops aforefaid; be it en- fhip9* &c! fo adled by the authority aforefaid. That all Wool, (hips, veflels, feized to be or boats that (hall be fo feized or taken, (hall be forfeited, and forfeited, all fuch wool (hall be lodged in the King’s warehoufe, in fuch

port where it is or (hall be taken or feized, or into which it (hall be brought, until it (hall be condemned according to law; and being fo condemned, (hall be expofed publickly to fale, after %nd fold by oAe and twenty days, public^ notice being given in writing at inch of candle, the cuftom-houfe of the fajd port, and on the royal exchange of London, by inch of candle, to the laft and beft bidder; and all fhtps* veflels, or boats that (hall be fo feized and condemned, as aforefaid, (hall, together with all their guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel, be expofed to fale in like manner; and that Produce hpvr one fourth part of the produce of ttye wool, (hips, veflels, andt0 be divided*

beats

z$6 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. -c. to. [1699.

boats fo fold, asaforefaid, (hall be to the commander, one other fourth part to the officers of the (hip or (hips, (loop or (loops that | took the fame, one other fourth part to the mariners belonging ' to;fuch (hip, veffel, or (loop, to be equally divided and paid a-mongft the laid mariners, by the collectors of the faid port, or ffuch person or persons as mall be authorized to pay the fame, and the other fourth part thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, fcfter a deduction made out of the laft fourth part of all the charges of profecution and condemnation.	J

XVIII.	And for preventing of aH compofition or confederacy by any commander of any (hip, veffel, or (loop, with any I person whatfoever, concerned in fuch wool or (hip, veffel or ; boat, as aforefaid; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, { Penalty on That every commander of fuch (hip or (loop, neglecting his dutv his by this aCt required, or compounding for any wool, (hip, vel- | ddy. ng fel, or ho^, as aforefaid, or connivirig at the exportation of any I wool, (hall lofe and forfeit all pay and wages due to him or them, and fuffer fix months imprifonment, and be for ever incapable of ferving his Majesty in any office in the navy.

No wool, &c. XIX. And for the more effectual encouragement of the wool-°£!iep£odrrt! len manufacture of this kingdom; be it further enaCted by the plantation! in authority aforefaid, That from and after the first day of Decern-America, fhall her9 in the year of our Lord one thqjufand fix hundred-ninety be exported, nine, no wool, wodfells, (hortlings, mortlings, woolflocks,

. worfted, bay, or woollen yarn, cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (halloons, or any other drapery fluffs or woollen manufactures whatfoever, made or mixed witn wool or woolflocks, being of the product or manufaiture of any of the Englijh plantations in America, (hall be loaden or laid ' on board in any (hip of veflel, in any place or parts within any of the faid Englijh plantations, upon any pretence whatfoever; as likewife that no fuch wool, Woolfells, (hortlings, mortlings,

^ woolflocks, worfted, bay, or woollen yarn, cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (balloons, or any other drapery (luffs, or woollen! manufactures whatfoever, made • up or mixt with wool or woolflocks, being of the produCt or ., manufacture of any of the Englijh plantations in America as aforefaid, (hall be loaden upon any horfe; cart, or other carriage, to the intent and purpofeto be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of the faid Englijh plantations to any under the like other Of the faid plantations, or to any other place whatfo-pcaalties, &c. ever j upon the fame and like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, to and upon all and every the offender and offenders herein, within all and every of the faid Englijh plantations reflectively, as are prefcribed and provided by,thi9 aCt for the like offences committed within the kingdom of Ireland; and all go-^ governors or commanders in chief of the faid refpeCtive plantations, as alfo all officers employed in the cuftoms, or other branches of his Majpfty’s revenue there, are hereby authorised, v *	charged,	and required to take effectual care, that the true in-

tent

Digitized by v^oogie

Anno detirho & undecimo GuXIELMI III.	c, 10. 257

tent and meaning of this adt* fo far forth as it relates to the faid refpedtive plantations, be duly put in execution.

XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Offenders may That all and every person and persons, Who after the faid four bf; f£ed in anX and twentieth day of June, (hall be guilty of any offence or of- weftmin-* fences, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any ftcr, and be* other adt of parliament made for the preventing the exportation obliged to of wool, (hall and may be profecuted for any fuch offence or of- give fufficient fences by adtion, fuit, or information in any of his Majesty’s bal1, courts of record at Wejlminjler, and thereupon a Capias (hall and may i(Tue the first procefs, fpecifying the fum of the penalty fued for; and fuch person or persons (hall be obliged to give good and fufficient bail and fecurity, by natural bom fubjedfcs or denizens, to the officer ferving or executing fuch procefs againft him or them, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias (hall iffue, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution* and (hall likewife at the time of fuch appearance give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch persons, as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay the forfeitures and penal- v ties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in cafe he, (he, or they (hall be convidt thereof, or to yield his, her, or their bo* dies to prifon.

XXL Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted, That Adi to be after the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our given in Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or lords juftices for the time being for the kingdom at^he**" oi Ireland, or any of them, are hereby required to give direc- affixes, tion in council, that this adt (hall be given in charge by the fe-veral judges of the kingdom of Ireland, at all the afnzes that (hall be held in that kingdom, to the end that this adt may be ftridtly put in execution, according to the true intent and meaning thereof; which faid judges are hereby impowered and re-who are to quired/from time to time, to take particular accounts through- take accounts out their refpedtive circuits, of the due execution of this adt,	the execu-

and at their returns to Dublin, at the end of every circuit, (hallUon t creo * acquaint the faid lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or lords juftices and acquaint of that kingdom for the time being in council, with all accounts the lord depu-or informations they (hall have fo received of any breach of the	tbcrc'*

faid adt, or negligence or faults in any of the officers to whom wl the jexecution of this adt is committed, to the end that the faid chief governors, or any of them, for the time being, may be the better informed and enabled to look to and provide for the ftridt and pundtual obfervation of this act, throughout that kingdom ; of which the faid chief governors, or any of them, for the time being, (hall once every year, lay a particular account in writing, under his or their hands, before the King, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in council.

Vol. X.	S

CAP.

Digitized by Google

258 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi HI. c.i 1. [1699.

CAP. XI.

An act to  enable fuch officers and foldiers as bane been in his Majefifs fervice, during the late war, to exercife trades : and for officers to account with their foldiers.

WHEREAS there hath been and are divers officers and folds-erSj who have ferved his Majejly in the late wars, and were injlrumental, by the bleffing of Almighty God, in obtaining an advan-tageous peace for thefe kingdoms,fome of which are men that ufed trades9 others that were apprentices to trades, who had not ferved out their times, and others who, by their own indujlry, have made themfelves apt and fit for trades, many of which (the wars being now ended) would willingly employ themfelves in thofe trades which they were formerly accuflomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make ufe of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be kindred from exercifing thofe trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places within this kingdom, becaufe of certain bylaws and cttfioms of thofe places, and of the Jlatute made in the fifth . $ EUz. c.4. year of Shyeen Elizabeth, prohibiting the ufe of certain trades by any person who hath not ferved as an apprentice to fuch trade for the ' fpace of feven years: For remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fuch officers and foldiers, who have been at any time employed in his Majesty’s fervice, fince his happy acceffion to Sing^fervice crown> and ^ave not fince defer ted the faid fervice, and that and not defert- have heretofore ufed or exercifed any trade, or that were aped, that ufed prentices to any trade, though they did not ferve out the time of their apprenticefhip, or any other officer or foldier employed, as aforefaid, that is apt and able to pra&ife any trade, may fet up and exercife fuch feveral and refpedfive trades, myfteries or occupations, whereunto he or they have been bound apprentices, and ferved any part of his or their time, or any handicraft or other trade exercifed about manufactures, though he was never bound apprentice to the fame, in manner following, (that is to fay,) fuch of them as have been apprentices, as aforefaid, may fet up and exercife fuch feveral and refpeCtive trades, whereunto he or they have been fo bound apprentices, as fully as if they had ferved out their refpeCtive terms or timesTor which they have been bound, and (hall have and enjoy the fame immunities as they (hould have had and enjoyed if they had ferved out their faid terms or times ; and all others of the faid officers and foldiers, may fet up and exercife fuch trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place within the feveral and re-fpecfrve counties wherein they were born, without any lett, fuk or moleftaticn of any person or persons whatfoever, for or by reafon of the ufing of fuch trade; and if any fu.ch officer or officers, foldier or foldiers, (hall be fued, impleaded, or indicted in any court whatfoever within'this kingdom, for ufing or ex-tM-cifing any fuch trades, as aforefaid, then- the laid officer or

6	officers.

Officers and foldiers im-ployed in the

any trade, may fet up and exercife the fame.

In manner fpUpwing.

Digitized

ed by (jOO^Ic

1699*1 Anno decimo & undecimo GulielMI III. <5.1 r. 259

officers, foldier or foldiers, making it appear to the fame court where they are lb fued, impleaded or indided, That they have ' ferved the King’s majefty, as aforefaid, (hall upon the general iflue pleaded, be found not guilty, in any plaint, bill, information or indidment exhibited againft them ; and fuch persons who, notwithftanding this ad, (hall profecute their faid fuit, by bill, plaint, information or indidment, and (hall have a verdid pafs againft them, or become nonfuit therein,'of difcontinud their faid fuit, fuch person or persons (hall pay unto fuch officer or officers, foldier or foldiers treble cofts of fuit, to be recover-^ ed as any other cofts at common law may be recovered j and aJI judges and jurors, before whom any fuch fuit, information of indidment (hall be brought, and. all other persons whatfoever, are to take notice of this prefent ad, and (hall conform them-felves thereunto $ any ftatute, law, ordinance, cuftom or provH fion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided, That no officer or foldier (hall have the bene- No officer or fit of this ad, that (hall not prove his fervice, as aforefaid, foldier to hay* either by a certificate under the hand and feal of fome field of- ^ (hai? ficer, or two commiflion officers of the regiment wherein he prove hi3 ferved, or fome general officer of the army, certifying his know- fervice. ledge of the fervice aforefaid \ and .the lame certificate to be

proved by one witnefs at lead to be a true certificate, or for default of iuch-certificate, by the oath of two credible witnefles at leaft.

III.	Provided alfo. That if any person or persons, pretending Penalty on themfelves to have been officers or foldiers within the qualifi- person produ-cations aforefaid, (hall produce a falfe certificate, to the intent C™Stai,e eei‘-to have the benefit of this ad, and thereof be convided by con- tl caMi* feffion or due proof of law, (hall fuffer imprifonment, not exceeding three months, and to lofe the benefit of this ad; any

thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

- IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Paymaftersto That every pay-mafter on or before the first day of Juner one ftate their acJ* thonfand fix hundred ninety and nine, (hall ftate their accounts deliver them to refpedively,'of each regiment diflbanded or not difbanded, and their colonels, (hall deliver fuch accounts, fo dated, under their hands, to the &c. refpedive colonels of each regiment; and if thereon it (hall appear there be any monies due to the faid regiments iffiied *0* if znv mon that purpofe, and remaining in the pay-mafter’s hands. That j * arrear°tob« then the monies fo in arrear (hall be forthwith paid over unto forthwith the faid colonels refpedively.	paid*

V* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Colonels of the feveral colonels of the refpedive dilbanded regiments, which difbanded re-ferved in the late wars, (hall forthwith ftate the account with la^thei^ac-the feveral captains of the feveral troops and companies, or their counts with agents in their behalf and within ten days after the receipt of their captains, fuch monies, pay over fuch monies as (hall be found in their hands, due to fuch captains and their troops and companies \ which captains are hereby required in like manner, within ten Captains to days, to account with and pay overt? every particular inferior

Sa	officer,

Digitized by LjOOQie

officers and foldiers.

Penalty on offic< ting,

260 Anno dedtno & undccimo GulielmI III. C. 12. [1699;

officer, private centinel and foldier, or to fuch other perfonor persons as have right to receive the fame, fuch monies as (hall appear to be juftly due to them, and fo coming to their hands, ©fficerne^ as a^ore^1{^> under the penalty of forfeiting double the fum ting?rnCSeC* which (hall fo appear to be due from every colonel, agent or captain who (hall negled or refufe to do and perform their duties hereby enjoined.

VI.	And for the better enabling ahd encouraging the faid dilbanded foldiers (other than commiffion officers) to exercife and fet up their trades, in fuch manner, as aforefaid, it is here-Difanded by further ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fromarrcftfor	t^ie	difbanded	foldiers (other than commiffion offi-

3 years, &c. cers) as (hall fo fet up and exercife their trades, as aforefaid, with their (lock and tools ufed in or about the exercifing their faid trades, (hall be, and are hereby freed for the fpace of three years, to be accounted from the first day of May^ one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, from having their persons arrefted or imprifoned, or their faid (lock or tools feized, diftrained or ta-For debt, &c. ken in execution for any debt or monies which was or were owing by them, either or any of them, at the time when they refpe&ively were first lifted into his Majesty’s fervicei anything to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XII.

An a£i for raifing the militia for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

1 W. k M. (T. If. A N D whereas papifts, reputed papifis, and fuch persons as I# c,8‘	il	do or Jhall refufe to take the oaths mentioned in an aft of

$parliament, made in the firjl year of the reign of King Wjlliam and Spueen Mary, intituled, An adl for abrogating the oaths of fu-premacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, when lawfully tendred to them, are not thought fit to be intruded with fettini out horfes and arms in the militia of this kingdom; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That where any papift, or reputed papift, or other person refilling to take the oaths as aforefaid, are in refpedl of their eftates charged or chargeable to the finding any horfe, horfeman and arms, or any foot foldier and arms, the lieutenant or lieutenants, or in their abfence, the deputy lieutenants of and for the county, riding, divifion or place where fuch eftates do lie, or three or more of them, are hereby Lieutenant authorized and impowered to nominate and appoint fuch person &c. to furnifti, or persons as they (hall think mod meet and proper, to furnifh

Papifts chargeable with finding horfe and arms, &c.

and charge fuch papifts eftates with payment, &c.

and fet forth one or more horfe, horfemen and arms, or foot foldiers and arms, for the faid eftates ; and (hall and may charge the fame eftates with the payment of the yearly fums hereafter mentioned; that is to fay. For a horfe, horfeman and arms, the fum of eight pounds, and for every foot foldier and arms, the fum of thirty Shillings, to be paid to the persons that (hall furaUh and fet forth the time; and in cafe fuch papift, or reputed

Digitized by v^ooQle

1699O Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 12,	161

puted papift, or person refilling to take the oaths as aforefaid, lhall negledt or refufe to pay the fame upon demand, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lieutenants, or three or more of the faid deputy lieutenants, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch papift, or reputed papift, or person refufing to take the oaths as aforefaid, or upon his and their feveral and relpedtive tenant or tenants, and the remaining arrears from the faid per-fons refufing the difcharge thereof, for the like fervices already performed, to be adjudged and determined by three deputy lieutenants, or more of them, rendring the overplus to the party fo diftrained, all neceflary charges in levying thereof being first dedudted; and the tenant or tenants fo paying or diftrained on as aforefaid, (hall and are hereby impowered to dedudt the fame out of their rents payable for the faid eftates.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Where two or That where two or more persons are charged to find any horfeSaraed^with or foot foldier and arms, it (hall and may be lawful to and for findmg horfe-any three or more deputy lieutenants of the fame county, riding, man and arms, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other places, to diredl&c. and appoint who (hall find the horfe an<J arms, or foot foldier^nantma^i-and arms, and who (hall be the contributors, and to fettle the reft who^all" fums of money to be paid by every contributor, in cafe the be contribu-fame contribution be not afcertained by agreement of the par-* tors thereto, ties: and if any person fo charged as a contributor, being inha-bitant of the faid county, riding, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other place, (hall rerufe to pay his proportion upon demand, or in cafe he be not an inhabitant in that county, riding, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other place, his tenant or tenants, whofe eftate is charged with the fame proportion, (hall negledt or refufe to pay his faid proportion upon demand, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for three or more deputy lieutenants of the faid county, riding, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other place, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy fuch fum and fums of money, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person fo negledting or refilling to pay, if he be an inhabitant of the fame county, riding, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other place, and in cafe he dwell out of the county, riding, divifion, limits of the cinque ports, or other place, then by diftrefs and fale of the goods of his tenant or tenants, or the eftate charged with the fame proportion, rendring the overplus to the party, all neceflary charge in levying thereof being first dedudted; and the tenant and tenants is ar^d are hereby authorized and impowered to dedudt and defaulk the fum fo charged, out of the rent bv him or then* payable to hjs or their landlord5 and the fum 10 levied, (hall be paid according to the dirediion of the warrant of fuch three or more deputy lieutenants. Thefe chufes made perpetual by l 4nnaiji4f.2.cap.2$.fe(1.$.

S3	GAB,

Digitized by Google

CAP. XIII.

EXP	A*1 for continuing the imprifonment of	Counter	and others.

*	for	the late horrid confpiracy tp affaflinate the person of his facrea

Majefty.

CAR XIV.

An aft fof limiting certain times x within which writs of error fhall be brought for the reverfing fines x common recov veries and antient judgments.

WHEREAS fines and common recoveries are the principal ajfurances of mens ejlatesx and titles and pojfejfions depend thereon, and are protected and fecured thereby, and by antient judgments^ which neverthelefs are reverftble at any time, without restraint or limitation, for any error or defeft which happens therein by the ignorance or carelefsnefs of clerksx and fometimes by unavoidable accidents: For the remedy whereof, and for the quieting metis titles and poflefilons under antient fines and recoveries, and antient judgments, be it enafted and ordained by the King’s finoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent JJo fine or re- parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That no fralTbe rever- fine or common recovery, nor any judgment in any real or perfect unlefs writ fenal aftion, (hall from and after the first day ofMay, one of error be thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, be reverfed or avoided, for brought in *o any error or jefe(a therein, unlefs the writ of error or fuit for inYlevi«i,&c. t*ie reverfing fuch fine, recovery or judgment, be commenced, 1 or brought and profecuted with effedl^ within twenty years after fuch fine levied, or fuch recovery fuffered, or judgment fign-ed or entred of record.

Prpvifcu	II*	Provided always, That if any person who is or (hall be

jntitled to any fuch writ of error a9 aforefaid, (hall, at the time pf fuch title accrued, be within the age of twenty one years, or covert, Non compos mentis, imprifoned, or beyond the feas. That then fuch person, his or her heirs, executors or adminiftrators (notwithftanding the faid twenty years expired) (hall and may bring his, her or their writ of error, for the reverfing any fuch |ine, recovery or judgment, as he, (he or they might have done, in cafe this aft had not been made, fo as the fame be done within five years, after his or her full age, difeoverture, coming of found mind, enlargement out of prifon, or returning from be*? yond the feas, or death, but not afterwards, or otherwife.

CAP. XV,

An act for continuing the aft for the more eafy recovery of fmall tithes.

f Sc s W. 3. TI7HEREAS an aft made in the feVenth and eighth years of his $•6. continued VV prefent Majefiy s reignx intituled, An act for the more eafy for 7 years, recovery of fmall tithes, has been by experience found very ufeful and . necejfary ; and whereas the [aid aft was to continue but three years, #nd to the end of the next fejfion of parliamentx and is now near ex-

1699*] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi IIL c. i6.	263

piring; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited aft, with all the claufes ana powers therein contained, (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of feven years, from and after the expiration thereof as aforefaid, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XVI.

An act to  enable pojl burnous children to take ejlates as if born in their father's life-time.

WHEREAS it often happens, that by marriage and other fettle-

ments, ejlates are limited in remainder to the ufe of the fons Reeve v Long. end daughters, the iJTue of fuch marriage, with remainders over, 3 Lev. 408, without limiting an ejtatefo truftees to preferve the contingent remainT Salk. **7. ders limited to fuch fons and daughters, by which means fuch fons and * ?£#9-daughters, if they happen to be born after the deceafe of their father, Comb. 25*. are in danger to be defeated of their remainder by the next in remain- 4 Mod. *8*. et dor after them, and left unprovided for by fuch fettlement sy contrary m Proc* to the intent of the parties that made thofe fettlements: be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by .and with the? advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where any edate already is or (hall hereafter, by Eftates limited any marriage or other fettlement, be limited in remainder to, jn remainder or to the ufe of the lird or other (on or fons of the body of any to the lawful peribn lawfully begotten, with any remainder or remainders the bo-over to, or to the ufe of any other person or persons, or in re- f ynof any pcr'" mainder to, or to the ufe of a daughter or daughters lawfully be- * gotten, with any remainder or remainders to any other person son or daugh-or persons, that any fon or fons, or daughter or daughters of ter bom after fuch person or persons lawfully begotten or to be begotten, that the deceafe of fhall be bom after the deceafe of his, her or their rather, (hallthc and may, by virtue of fuch fettlement, take fuch edate fo limit- ^/te asCjf ed to the fird and other fons, or to the daughter or daughters, bom in his in the fame manner, as if born in the life-time of his, her or life-time, &c. their father, although there (hall happen no edate to be limited ®ithoUjfh «• to trudees, after the deceafe of the father, to preferve the con- motion to *" tingent remainder to fuch afterbom fon or fons, daughter or truftees, &c. daughters, until he, (he or they come in effe, or are born, to take the fame; any law or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

II.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft (hall extend or be Provifo. condrued to extend to dived any edate in remainder, that by virtue of any marriage or other fettlement, is already come to the pofleflion of any person or persons, or tb whom any right is ao crued, though not in aftual pofleflion* by reafon or means of any afterborn fon or fons, or daughter or daughters not happening to be born in the life-time of his, her or their father.

S*	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

i(>4 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.17.	[1699.

CAP. XVII.

An act for fuppr effing of lotteries.

T T 7HEREAS feveral evil-difpofed persons, for divers years hfipafi, VY have fet up many mifchievous and unlawful games, called Lotteries, not only in the cities of London and Weftminfter, and in the fuburbs thereof and places adjoining, blit in mojl of the eminent towns and places in England, and in the dominion of Wales, and have thereby mojl unjujlly and fraudulently got to themjelves great /urns of money from the children and fervants of feveral gentlemen, traders and merchants, and from other unwary persons, to the utt*r min and impoverijhment of many families, and to the reproach of the Englifh laws and government, by colour of feveral patents or grants under the great feal of England for the faid lotteries, or fome of them ; which faid grants or patents are againft the commoy good, trade, welfare and peace of his Mojejlfs kingdoms: for remedy whereof be it eoa&ed, adjudged and declared, and it is hereby ena&ed, adjudged and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Lottenes de- rity of the fame. That all fuch lotteries, and all other lotteries, nuifances, and are common and publick nuifances, and that all grants, patents all grants and licences for fuch lotteries, or any other lotteries, are void thereof void, and againft law.

From *9 Dec.	And	be	it	further	enadted	by	the	authority	aforefaid,	That

3699. no per- from and after the nine and twentieth day of December, which fbn to keep (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufarid fix hundred open fuch lot- ninety nine, no person or persons whatfoever (hall publickly or pri-c,y> c* vately exercife, keep open, (hew or expofe to be plaid at, drawn at, or thrown at, or (hall draw, play or throw at any fuch lottery, or any other lottery, either by dice, lots, cards, balls, or any other numbers or figures, or any other way whatfoever; Penalty on and that every person or persons that mall, after the faid nine offender. and twentieth day of December, exercife, expofe, open or (hew f Js™' C * to be plaid, thrown or drawn at, any fuch lottery, play or de-ioAnn. c.26. Vice, or other lottery, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum f. 109.	of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by information, bill,

8 Geo. 1. c.2. plain* pr adlion at law in any of his Majesty’s courts at Wefimin-*Geo.i. c.19. fler' herein no effoin, wager of law, nor any more than one 6Geo.2. c.35. imparlapce (hall be allowed, one third part thereof to the ufeof f. 29.	his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, one other third part there-

of to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be cdmmitted, and the other third part thereof, together with double cofts, to the party that (hall inform and fue for the fame; and the fifid parties fo offending (hall likewife be profecuted as common rpgues, according to the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided.

Penalty on III. And be it further enabled. That every person or per-perfon playing fens, that after the laid nine and twentieth day of December, rics. 1 UC~ AwU pky> throw, or draw at any fuch lottery, play, or de-'	vice,

Digitized by LjOOQle

1699.] Anno decimo & nndecimo Gulielmi III. c.18.	265

vice, or other lotteries, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the	c.»8*

fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by information, bill,

plaint, or aftion at law, in any of his Majesty’s courts at

TVeJlminJler, wherein no effoin, wager of law, nor any more than

one imparlance, (hall be allowed, one third part thereof to the

life of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, one other third part

thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifti where fuch offence

(hall be committed, and the other third part thereof, together

with double cdfts, to the party that (hall inform and fue for the

fame.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this aft contained Royal Oak lot,

fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to effect or to inforce the tery to conti-fupprefling of a lottery, commonly called. The Royal Oak Lottery,	granted

for the remainder only of the term for which it now (lands grant- by patent only, ed by letters patents under the great feal of England; any thing

herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall This aft not extend to effeft, reftrain, or prejudice the undertaking now into affe&the being, called. The charitable adventure for the benefit of Green- G^e^ich wich hofpital, by the prefent undertakers thereof, with the ap- hofpital. probation of the governors and commiflioners appointed for the management of the faid hofpital, for any time before the four

and twentieth day of Juney one thoufana feven hundred.

G AP. XVIII.

An act for taking off the remaining duties upon glafs wares.

WHEREAS in and by an aft made and paffed in the parliament

holden at Weft minder, in the fixth year of his Majefifs c#1$, reign ^ intituledy An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties	*

y pon glafs wajes? done and earthen bottles, coals, and culm, for carrying on the war againft France, feveral rates and duties, therein mentioned, were laid upon all glafs and glafs wares, ft one and earthen bottles, which at any time or times, during the term of five years, from the nine and twentieth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thoafand fix hundred ninety five, should be made with-tn the kingdom ^England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or imported, or brought into the fame; and in and by another aft made and paffed in the parliament holden at Weft-minfter, in the feventh year of his Majejiys reign, intituledAn aft 7 W.3. c.31, for continuing to his Majesty certain duties upon fait, glais wares,

(lone and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftablifhing a national land bank,

?nd for taking off the duties upon tunnage of (hips, and upon

coals, the aforefaid rates and duties upon glafs or glafs wares, fine

bottles, and earthen bottles, are continued and granted to his Majesty,

his heirs and fucceffors for ever: and whereas by another aft made and

paffed in the parliament holden at Weft minder, in the ninth year of

his Majesty*s reign, intituled*, Ad aft for taking away half the ^u- 9 W.j. c.45.

ties impofed on glafs, and the whole duties lately laid on ftone

and Earthen wares, and tobacco pipes, and for granting (in lieu

1	thereof)

Digitized by

*€6 Aftflcr decimo & undcdmo Gulielmi HI. c.19; [1699*

thereof) new duties upon whale fins and Scotch linen, it is (a-rnongfl other things) enabled, That from and after the jirji day of j Auguft, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eighty one moiety or half x part of the feveral rates and duties by the aforefaid ads, or either of them, charged and made payable for or upon the faid glafs and glafs wares, Jhoteld ceafi, determine, and be no longer payable to his Ma-fifty, his heirs or fuccejfors as by the faid feveral ads of parliament, relation being thereunto fiverauy had, may more fully appear: and whereas it is found by experience, that the remaining duties on glafs and glafs wares are very vexatious and troublefome in the levying and Collecting the fame, arid offmall advantage to the crown, and, Jhouli the fame be continued, would lejfen the duty on coals, much more than the find duties on glafs wares will amount to, will hinder the employing great numbers of'poor, and endanger the lofs of Jo beneficial a manufacture to this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's > moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Eemsmmg from and after the first day or Augufi, one thoufand fix hundred duties on glafi ninety nine, the remaining moiety or half-part of the feveral wares deter- rates ar^ duties by the aforefaid adts, any or either of them, mined. charged or impofed, for and upon the faid glafs or glafs wares, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable, paid, or collected to or to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any manner of wife; any thing in the faid acts, any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An at for the making and keeping navigable the rivers of Aire and Cal der in the county ot York.

The undertakers may build locks, wears, See. make ways, &c. or turn highways, and let out towing-paths, iatisfying the owners. Commiflioneft to be mediators between the undertakers and owners of lands, &c. Peiv Ions refufmg to agree, See. Sheriff of York to impanel a jury. Jury on path to inquire and afiefs damages. Commiffioners thereupon to give judgment, which (hall be binding, and kept among the records at the feffions, and a tranfeript thereof at Leeds. On payment of the fums a-greed. See. Undertakers may dig, &c. Commiffioners in cafe of death or refufal, may nominate others, having an eftate of aool. per annum, or 4,0001. For every tun of cloth or other goods, &c. carried up or down the faid rivers from Weeland to Leeds and Wakefield. See. yearly from 1 May to i O&ober, ios. And from i O&ober to i May, 16s. &c.

On non-payment undertakers may fue. or detain the goods, See. Watermen, &c. may fet up winches, See. Barge or boat matters anfweratile for damages, to the wears, locks, Sec. or to the owners of lands, &c. Commiflioners to have the foie power of furveying the faid rivers, See. and exempted from com millions of fewers. Undertakers to he at the foie charge of cleanfing. Sec, Undertakers obliged to purchafe mills, &c. a\ the rates appointed, and fatisfy the owners for damages. Undertakers to raife the banks of the rivers proportionably, and maintain the fame in good repair. Royalties, Sec. ot Pontefract referved. Knottingley milldam not to be demotilhed. No new cut to be made between Wee-i land and Ouze. This a<St not to prejudice Pontefraft antient tolls, &c« Knottingley boats, &;c. o*emptc<j| from toll,

CAP.



Digitized by LjOoq le

1699*] Anno decimo & undecimo GulielMI III. C. 20,21.	267

CAP. XX.

Aii aft for making and keeping the river Trent, in the counties of Lei-cefter, Derby, and Stafford, navigable.

William lord Paget, lord of the manor of Burton upon Trent, See. to have full power for making the river Trent navigable, from Wilden Ferry to Burton town, and cut the banks, &c. and alter and amend the fame, and make ways, See- and towing-paths. Commiflioners to adjuft differences, and fettle the fatisfaftion to be made. persons not agreeing, commiflioners to afeertain the damages, on the oaths of a jury, and decree what recompence the owner frail have, which frail be conclufive,

Sec. If the matter lie between two counties, freriff of each to fummon twelve men. On payment of money affefled, undertaker mly aft, &c.

No commiflioner to aft where perfonally concerned. No meeting to bo held above feven miles from the place m queftion. In cafe of death of commiflioners, furvivors may nominate others, having iool. per ann.

Undertaker to have 3 d. a tun for all goods, &c. carried on the river above Wilden Ferry. Lord Paget, &c. may make by-laws, Sec. and fet fines, which frail be binding. Juftices of aflize may alter or reform the fame. Matter of barge or boat anfwerable for damage, Sec. Commiflioners to furvey the river and banks, Sec. and make orders and decrees, &c. at the undertaker’s charge. Lord Paget to fet up gates, bridges, &c.

River Trent to be for ever a navigable river, from Gainesborough to Wilden Ferry, &c. Six hundred pounds to be raifed on the inhabitants pf Burton, over and above the 6opl. raifed by the duties. Parties ag-

frieved may appeal. All proceedings, Sec. to be entred in a book, be ept by the Reward of Burton, and recorded. Not to prejudice Wilden Ferry, and others. William Paget, efq; to aft for his father during his abfence. Manor of Burton coming to infant, guardians may aft. River to take its ancient current by Repton. No person to come upon the earl of Huntingdon’s lands, on the foutli fide the river Trent, except Heys meadow. If lock be made between the four flood-gates, &c. Lord Paget to keep the fame in repair, Sec. This aft not to hinder the faid earl from right of fifhing, &c. No wharfs or warehoufes to be erefted between Nottingham bridges and Burton, See. without commiflioners confent.

CAP. XXI.

An act for laying further duties upon , and for	*

ing the duties as well upon vinegar, as upon certain low wines, and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported, and for the more eajy raifing the duties upon leather, and for charging cynders, and for permitting the importation of pearl	afhes,and for preventing, abufes in the brew- {

ing of beer and ale, and frauds in importation of tobacco,

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of England, in parliament a trembled, as a further fupply for your Majesty’s neceflary occafions, have given and granted unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That there fliall be raifed. Duties to be levied, colle&ed, and paid, to and for the ufe of your Majesty, paid on nreety yoyr heir$ and fucceffors, fox and vpon all fweets made or to be

wade

Digitized by v^ooQie

$68 Anno decimo & undecimo Guxielmi III. c. 21. [1699.

made within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy for fale (over and above all former duties already granted upon fweets, and which are to continue during the refpe&ive terms granted in the fame) the rates and duties following; that is to fay, before *0 July	^or every barrel of fweets made for fale, after the tenth

>699. ia°s. per day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and before barrel.	the twentieth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine,

the fum of twelve (hillings.

Ill,	For every barrel of fweets made for fale, after the nine-And before 15 teenth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and March, 1701. before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hun-*4 s. per bar- dred and one, the fum of twenty four (hillings. rcl#	IV.	And	for	every barrel of fweets made for fale, from and

Before *5 after the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hun-March, 1706. dred9 and before the five and twentieth day of March, which rel*by^he	(hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

maker.	fix, the fum of fix and thirty (hillings : the faid duties to be paid

by the maker and makers of {he feid fweets, and fo in proportion for greater or lefler quantities.

V.	And it is hereby declared. That all liquors made by infu-^t^°™dcem" fion, fermentation, or otherwife, from foreign fruit or fugar, or fweets. from or fagar m,xt w^b other materials, and commonly xoGeo.2. c.17. made ufe of for recovering, increafing, or making of any kinds

of wine or cyder, or of any liquor called wine, (hall be deemed to be fweets within the meaning of this and all former atfs for Duties charge- laying duties on fweets \ $nd that the refpe&ive duties impofed able by the on fweets by every of the (aid former a6ts are chargeable by the barrel, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; and that any person who is a retailer of, or (hall at any time fell or make ufe of, any the liquors aforefaid, for any the purpofes before mentioned, and in whofe cuftody any quantity of fuel! fweets, exceeding two gallons, (hall be found, (hill be deemed and taken to be a maker of fweets for f$l$ within the meaning of this and the faid former a<5ls.

VI.	Provided always., and be it ena&ed by the authority a-forefaid. That all refiners of fugar, who (hall before the first day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, enter into a bond or bonds to his Majesty, of the penal fum of five hundred pounds, upon condition that he or they (hall not fell, deliver out, or dif-pofe of any fweets or liquors, commonly called Jyrups, made from fugar (except mellaflufes) or make ufe of the fame, in making or increafing, or improving any wine, cyder, or perry, or any liquor called wine, (hall not be chargeable with the duties of fweets or fyrups hereby impofed, which he or they (hall make from fugar, until he or they (hall fa fell, difpofc, or make ufe of fuch fweets or liquors made from fugar.

VII.	And it is enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the duties on fweets hereby granted (hall be applied, and are hereby appropriated, for the fame ufe$ aqd purpofi^ \o which Part

barrel. Maker of fweets.

provifo. Refiners of

Dqties how appropriated.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1699*] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 21.	269

the prefent duties on fweets, with all the duties on malt, are appropriated, by an act of parliament made in the eighth year of 8W.3. c.n* his Majesty's reign,

VIII.	And whereas by virtue of feveral afts of parliament now in force, there are feveral different rates and duties impofed on vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors prepared for vinegar, made within this kingdom for fade, by which means the fame liquor is twice charged in different operations; and it is found by experience, that vinegar made by puffing through rape is much better for any ufe at homey and fitter for exportation, than any other fort $/'Englifh vinegary and that the high duties chargeable on rape vinegar by the former afts are fo great a dif-couragement to the makers thereof that little or none is made, whereby his Majefiy is defeated of the faid high duties, and the nation deprived of a good and found commodity; be it therefore enaded by

the authority aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of From to May, May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, all the duties on l699« Duties vinegar, vinegar beer, and liquors preparing for vinegar, which ^ Vt^ceafe might be chargeable after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand 0 cea fix hundred ninety nine, by virtue of the faid former ads, or any of them, (hall ceafe and determine.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand From 10 May, fix hundred ninety nine, there (hall be railed, levied, colleded and paid, for and upon every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or f0*r‘ v^cgar liquors preparing for vinegar, which (hall be brewed or made &c.	*

of any Englijh or foreign materials, by any person or persons Vinegar made whatfoever, for fale, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer^ quantity, the fum of eight (hillings, to be paid by the makeAnnas, ^ thereof, in the manner hereafter in this ad exprefled.	c.7.	f. 4.. *

X.	And it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority a- The terms of forefaid. That the duties on vinegar, vinegar beer, and liquors Paymeitt* preparing for vinegar hereby granted, (hall be raifed and paid

during the refpedive terms hereafter mentioned, and no longer: and the monies thereby arifing fliall be paid, applied and dif- Money anting pofed to and for the refpedive ufes and purpofes following, that thereby how is to fay, fix pence, part of the faid duty of eight (hillings for aPPlied* every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor preparing for vi^ negar, (hall be raifed, colleded and paid to his Majesty during his life, in lieu of the like duty of fix pence charged on every barrel of vinegar beer, by an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An aft 2 w* & M. ft for granting to their Majefties for their lives, and the life of the fur- x'c* s* vivor of them, certain impofitions upon beer, ale and other liquors, and (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of, to and for the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the fame ad are di-< rented to be applied and difpofed of; fix pence more, part of the faid eight (hillings, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in lieu of the like duty of fix pence charged on every barrel of vinegar beer, by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of ixCar.2.c.a4. the late Kirig Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking a-%uay the court of wards and liveries and tenures in C»piteK and by

knights

Digitized by Google

ayo Anno decimo & undedmo Gulielmi IIL cai. £1699*

knights fervid^ and purveyance, and for fettling of a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof and (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the fame ad are directed to be applied and difpofed of; two (hillings and four pence, part of the faid eight (hillings, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, during the remainder of a term of ninety nine years, commencing from the twenty eighth day of Jfd-nuaryy one thoufand (ix hundred ninety two, in lieu of certain duties impofed on vinegar, and vinegar beer, and liquors prepared for vinegar, by an aft made in the fourth year of his pre-4W. &M. c.3. lent Majesty and the faid late Queen, intituled. An act for granting to their Majejlies certain rates and duties cfexcife upon beer, aley and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Jum of ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war a* gainjt France, and (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the fame aft are direfted to be applied and difpofed of j two (hillings and four pence, part of the faid eight (hillings, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, during the remainder of a term of fixteen years, commencing from the feventeenth day of Mayy one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, in lieu of certain duties impofed on vinegar, vinegar beer, and liquors prepared for vinegar, by an 5&6W.&M. aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of his prefent 7*	Majefty and the (aid late Queen, intituled, An act for granting

to their Majejlies certain rates and duties upon falty and upon beer, ale and other liquor sy for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the Jaid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France, and (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the Fame aft are direfted to be applied and difpofed of; two millings and four pence, refidue of the faid eight (hillings, to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, in lieu of certain duties impofed on vinegar, vinegar beer, and liquors prepared for vinegar, by another aft made c & 6 W. & *n t*ie fame years, intituled, An act for granting to their Majejlies M. c. 10. certain rates and duties upon tunnage of Jbips and vejjels, and upon beery ale and other liquor s9 for fecuring certain recompences and advan-tages in the faid aft mentioned to fuch persons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum offifteen hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againjl France, and (hall be applied and difpofed of to and for the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the fame aft are direfted to be applied and difpofed oft What liquors XL And for avoiding difputes and controverfies which may (hall be deem- arife touching liquors preparing for vinegar, be it enafted and edvinegar,&c. declared. That all dale beer, returns of beer or ale, cyder, verjuice or any other liquors proper to be made into vinegar, which at any time after the faid tenth day of Mayy one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be found in the cuftody or pofleflion of any common vinegar maker (except fuch beer, ale and other liquors as are to be drank in his family, and which (hall be kept

• fcpa-

Digitized by v^ooQle

%

*699*] Anno decimo &«undecimoGuiiELMi HI. c.21.	271

feparate and apart for that purpofe) (hall be deemed and taken, to be vinegar or liquors preparing for vinegar within the meaning- of this aft.

XII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, No vinegar That from and after the faid tenth day of May> one thoufand fix maker (hall re-hundred ninety nine, no vinegar maker (hall receive into his ceive°r deli-cuftody any dale beer, returns of beer or ale, cyder, verjuice or quor^&c" other liquors, prqper to be made into vinegar, nor carry or de- without notice liver out any vinegar in ca(k$, qr by the gallon, without notice to officer, &c. thereof first given to the officer of excife for the place or divifion

where fuch maker (hall inhabit, to the intent that fuch officer may be prefent, to fee and take an account of the fame, unlefs at luch times as herein after are mentioned ; that is to fay, from the nine and twentieth day of September, to the five and twentieth day of March yearly, between the hours of feven in the morning and five in the evening, and from the faid five and twentieth day of MarcK to the nine and twentieth day of September yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening; upon pain that every maker doing contrary Penalty* thereunto, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds. .

XIII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. Maker to (hew That from and after the faid tenth day of May9 one thoufand gager the li-fix hundred ninety nine, every vinegar maker, receiving into quors before, his cuftody any of the liquors aforefaid, (hall (hew the fame to

the gager of the divifion where fuch maker (hall live, before he mix the faid liquors fo received, or any part thereof, with any other liquors, rape or other materials, on pain to forfeit for - every fuch omiffion or negled the fum of twenty pounds. Penalty.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, penaJ on That if any vinegar maker (hall at any time after the faid tenth vinegar maker day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, without negle&ing t<x first giving notice thereof, at the next office of excife, make ufe g*ve notice, of any ftorehoufe, warehoufe, cellar or other place for the making, laying or keeping any vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, every fuch vinegar maker (hall forfeit and

lofe for every fuch private ftorehoufe, warehoufe, cellar, and other place fo made ufe df without fuch notice as aforefaid, the fum of fifty pounds.

XV.	And whereas the duties on vinegars and vinegar beer, charged by the former afts9 were computed by different meafures9 whereby dif-putes and controverfies have arifen touching the charging of the fame: for preventing whereof for the future, be it enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That every thirty and four gallons 34 gallons taken by the gage, according to the ftandard of the ale quart ^arrdUofV^ (four whereof (hall be deemed a gallon) remaining in the cufto-r negar^&c, *** dy of the chamberlains of his Majesty’s Exchequer, from and %

after the faid tenth day of May> one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the gager for a barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar \ anything in the faid former a£ts, or any of them, or

any'

Digitized by v^ooQle

*72 Annd dedmd & undefcirtfo Gulielmi III. c .at.{1695;

any other law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary thereof many Wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas feveral makers of vinegar may have in their cuftody feveral quantities of vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for i//-negary on the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, for which they may then fiand charged with, or have anfwerei to his Majefiy, fome of the duties impofed by the former afts; be it

Stock how	enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch

chargeable, vinegar maker {hall, by virtue of this aCt, be chargeable for fuch vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, with fo much only as fhall make the duties charged thereon by virtue of the former aCts, eight {hillings for every barrel thereof, and no more* any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And whereas it is found by experiencey Tf)at the art of ii-Jlilling fpirits or brandy in this kingdom is of late years very much improved\ and that fpirits or brandy made here from melajfes and fu-gar, which are the produce of the Englifh plantations, is near as good as brandy imported from foreign parts: and whereas by an aft made in the feventhyear of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An

y W.3. c.30. aCt for laying feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the firit „ extraction, and for preventing the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other persons chargeable with the duties of excife, there is a duty of eight pence impofed upon every gallon of low wints or fpirits of the firfi extra Ction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture with foreign materials, and a duly of three pence upon every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the frfl extraction made or drtnvn from any Englifh materials, other than x	drink made or brewed from malted corn, or from brewers wafb or tilts,

which faid high duties are a great difcouragement to the making of the faid commodities, and do Occafion undue practices in the fame; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and af-trom loMay, ter the tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine,

1699.	One four pence per gallon, part of the faid duty of eight pence im-'diuies^on low P0^ uP°n cv^ry gallon of low wines and ipirits of the first exwines, &c. to traCtion, made or drawn from any foreign or imported materi-ceafe.	<als, or any mixture with foreign materials, and one moiety or

half part of the faid duty of three pence upon every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from any Englifh materials (other than drink made or brewed from malted corn, or from brewers wath or tilts) granted by the faid former aCt, {hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any manner of wife; any thing in the faid aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

Aft riot to	XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That this

void the pay-	or any thing herein contained, {hall not extend to take a-

Lkeadv due16* way» ^e^en make void the payment of any fum or fums of ^	* money accruing or becoming due to his Majesty, for any low

wines or fpirits of the first extraction, actually made or drawn from tany of the materials before mentioned, before the faid Former aCt tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and

continued	t^en	due	anc* owing to his Majesty j and that all

and



Digitized by Google

t6g9.] Anno dedmo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 21.	273

and every the daufes, matters and things in the laft mentioned ad contained, for charging, fecuring, railing, levying or paying the whole duties on the faid low wines and fpirits of the first cxtradion, which were thereby granted, and for difpofing, applying and appropriating the fame to the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned, {hall be applied, pradifed and put in execution for the charging, fecuring, levying, railing and paying the faid remaining parts of the faid duties upon low wines or fpirits (not hereby taken away) and for difpofing, applying and appropriating thereof to the fame ufes and purpofes, as fully and effedu-ally as if the faid claufes, matters and things were for that pur-pofe again repeated and particularly re-enaded by this prefent ad.

XIA, * And be it further enadcd by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, which in and by an ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking a- uCar.a. c.24^ tvay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by . knights fervice, and purveyance, andfor fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other Jaw now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablifhed for railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than iii fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prefcribed by this ad) fhall be exercifed, pradifed, applied, ufed, levied, recovered and put in execution for the raifing, levying, colleding, recovering, and paying, as well the faid duties upon fweets, as the faid duties upon vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, and the feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the first extradion, during the continuance of the fame, or any of them, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Fines, penal-That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ad impofed, ties, &c. how fhall be fued for, levied, and recovered by fuch ways, means, re-ovcred* and methods, as any fine, forfeiture, and penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, at JVejlminjler; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons fhall at any time

* be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or any other ad relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife, he or they fhall and may plead the

Vol. X.	X	general

274 Anno dccimo & undcclmo GulIELMI III. c.2i. [i%#

General iffue. general iffue, and give this act and the faid refpective acts in evidence for his or their defence, and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall Treble coils. ^ave trebk cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff * or plaintiffs.

XXII.	And whereas it is found by experience, that any quantity of • wajh made of melaffes, will, upon dif illation, produce one fourth part of the fame quantity into low wines or fpirits of the firjl extraction; and that fuch low wines or fpirits upon the fecond difillatiotfwill produce two third parts of the quantity of the fame low wines or fpirits into proof fpirits, or fpirits of the fecond extraction : and whereas many difillers do hide and conceal great quantities of fuch low wines and fpirits from the fight and view of the gager, before he can come to charge the fame, by means whereof his Mayfly is very much defrauded in his duties on fuch low wines and proof fpirits: be it there-Gagers to fore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the **eP account faid tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, it ot wain, &c. ^ajj an(j may ^ iawfuj t0 ancj the gagers and officers of ex-cife to keep an account of all fuch waih, which (hall from time to time be found by him or them in the hands of any diftiller, and upon any decreafe thereof, to charge fuch diftiller with fo much low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, as one fourth part of the waih fo decreafed (hall amount unto ; and alfo with '	fo much proof fpirits, or fpirits of the fecond extraction, as two

third parts of the low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, fo charged as aforefaid, (hall amount unto; and fuch diftiller fhall pay the refpective duties of the low wines and fpirits fo charged, Diftiller to pay as by the former act is directed and appointed; any thing in the the duties. faid a6l, or any other ftatute, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandine;.

io	& ii W. 3. XXIII. And whereas by an aft next herein after recited,, it isen-c. 4. f. 7. afted, That upon the difeovery of any private fill, back, or other veffel, according to the directions of the faid aft, every fucb fill, bad, and other veffel, fall be feized, and that the owner or owners of every fuch fill, back, and other vejfel, who fall claim the fame within twenty days after fuch feizure, fall forfeit and lofe for every fuch fill, back, and other vejfel, the fum of two hundred pounds: and whereas upon the difeovery offeveral private fills and backs fince the commencement of the faid aft, , fame doubt hath been made whether the owners of fuch fills and backs, by refufng to claim the fame within the time limited by the faid aft, may not avoid the penalties thereby im-Proprietor of pofed; be it enacted. That from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, the proprietor or any fuch I private {till, back, or other veffel, which fhall be difeovered,according to the directions of the faid act, or the person in whofe cuftody the feme fhall be found, fhall forfeit and lofe for every fuch ftill, back, and other veffel, the faid penalty of two hundred pounds; any thing in the faid act, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIV. And whereas by an aft made in this prefnt fejfon of parliament,

private itui, &c. difeovered, to forfeit t 200 1.

io&ii W.3. C. 4*



Digitized by Google

*75

1699*] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c*2il

Lament* intituled* An adt tQ prohibit the exceffive diftilling of fpirits and low wines from com, and againft the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in diftillers, it is enacted* That no person whatfo ever* from and after the laft day of] anuary, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight* and before the first day i?/'February, which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine* Jhall draw* difiill* or make any brandy,

Aqua vitae, fpirits* or low wines whatfoever* other than fuch quantities as are allowed by the faid aft* from any malt* corn* or grain whatfoever* under the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned: and whereas feveral diftillers of this kingdom* their fervants and a-gents, had incurred the penalties of the faid law, without any knowledge thereof* by diftilling in the two months betwixt the laft of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and the first of April, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine* greater quantities of fpirits or low wines from corn than the faid aft doth allow; be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch diftiller* his fervant, or agent, who in the next fucceeding month or months after the one and thirtieth day of March* one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall abate of the quantities of fuch low wines and fpirits, which he might lawfully draw in the fame, fo much as he exceeded the quantities allowed in the	*c	o

faid two months, (hall not be profecuted, or have any penalty infli&ed upon him, for or on account of fuch breach of the faia adfc in the (aid two months, j any thing in the faid adt to the contrary notwithftanding.	.

XXV. And whereas the pecuniary penalties inflifted by an aft % W. j. c* it* made in the eighth year of his Majeftfs reign* for laying feveral du- EXP. ties upon leather* for the term of three years* are dir efted to be fited for by a ft ion of debt* or on the caje* or by bill* fuit* or information, in fome court of record, whereby the recovery of tbofe penalties are not only tedious and chargeable* but troublefome and vexatious* by multi-

tudes of popular aftiotis and informations brought by common informers * for the preventing whereof, and more eafy and fpeedy recovering the pecuniary penalties inflidted by the faid adt, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of May* one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more or the juftices of the peace, redding near to the place where any fuch forfeiture Penalties in (hall be made, or offence committed, to hear and determine thethe lather adt fame, who are hereby authorized and required, upon any infor- bytwo* mation exhibited or brought for any of the pecuniary penalties jaftice» of by the faid adt inflidted, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo peace. See. the witnefles on either fide, and upon the appearance, or con- Who may tempt of the party accufed in not appearing (upon proof of no-	°exa.

tice given) to proceed to the examination of the witnefles upon mine witneffea oath (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter) and on oath, and to give judgment or fentedee accordingly; and where the party g*lve Mg-accufed (hall be convidted of the offence alledged againft him, to p/nnarft t0 ^ award and iffue warrants under their hands for the levying of ievje<i on of^ fuch penalty or penalties on the goods of the offender, and to fender's ^	T 2	caufe	goods.

Digitized by

276 Anno decimfc & tmdecimo Gulielmi III. c. 21. {169^

caufe falc to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendrine to the party the overplus, if any Party aggriev- be; and if either party (hall find himfeli aggrieved by the judg-, ed may appeal. ment 0f the faid juftices, then he or they may appeal to his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, at the next quarter feffions, in like rfianner as by the faid recited ais mentioned in cafe of appeal. EXP.

Juftices may XXVI. Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be penalty6 lh€	to and f°r kid refpedtive juftices, where they (hall fee

^	caufe, to mitigate or leflen fuch penalty, in fuch manner as they

in their difcretion (hall think fit, the reafonable cofts and charges of the officers, as well in making the difcovery, as in the profecution of the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the fine to lefs than one fourth part thereof, over and befides the (aid cofts and charges ; any thing in the faid recited a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

1* Car. i.c.24. XXVII. And whereas by one aft made in the twelfth year of tk reign of King Charles the Second, a duty of four pence •was impofed upon every gallon of Jlrong waters perfeftly made, imported from be-1 .yond the feas, to be paid for ever; and by one other aft, made in the c* 3*	fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, and the late £Huen of

blejfed memory, the like duty of four pence per gallon thereupon, is

4	W. & M. payable during his Majefiy* s life; and by another aft, made in the

c- 5*	fourth year of their Jaid Majejlies reign, there is a duty of fix pence

impofed upon every gallon of fmgle brandy imported, and a duty of twelve pence on every gallon of double brandy imported, for the term of ninety nine years, commencing on the twenty fifth day of July, one

5 W. &M.	thoufandfix hundred ninety two ; and by one other aft, made in the

7'	fifth year of their faid Majejlies reign, there is a duty of two /billing

impofed upon every gallon of fmgle brandy, and four Jhillings upon every gallon of double brandy imported, for the term of fixteen years, commencing the feventeentk day of May, one thoufand fix hundred 5 W. & M. ninety feven; and by one other aft, made in the fame year, then is a

20.	duty of fix pence upon all fmgle brandy, and one /hilling on all double

|	brandy imported, granted in perpetuity ; all which duties upon jingle

brandy do amount to three /killings and eight pence for every gallon, and upon double brandy to fix /hillings and eight pence for every gal-kn for the excife thereof, over and above other duties which are payable for the cuftoms of the fame: and it is neverthelefs doubted, that by the general words of an aft of parliamenty made in the eighth year % W. 3. c. 20. of his Majefiy* s reign, intituled. An adl for making good the deficiencies of feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England, and for railing the publick credit, a further duty of two /hillings for every gallon of fmgle brandy, and offour /hillings for every gallon of double brandy imported (which had been granted in the fourth year of the reign of his Majefiy and the faid late Sjueen) were and are (in firiftnefs) impofed or chargeable from the lafi day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, until the firfi day of Auguft, which jhall bt in the year of our Lord, pne thoufand feven hundred and fix, which (if

required

Digitized by

Google

1699*] Anno decimo & undecimo Guuelmi III. c. 2 r. 277

required or infifted upon) would amount to a prohibition of the jaid commodities; be it therefore ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid a<ft, for making good the deficiencies of A 6k S W. 3. feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital flock ofc- *°* n®t tj> the bank of England, andfor raifing the public credit, or any thing or double2 C therein contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to brandy with charge Angle brandies imported with the laft mentioned duty of the duties of two (hillings for every gallon, or double brandy imported with a^1anci P** the laft mentioned duty of four (hillings for every gallon, or any s oa* part thereof, from the commencement or during the continuance of the a6l laft mentioned j any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties to be there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto and for the paid for cyn-ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for all cynders made ™£s,°r tour

. of pit coal, which at any time or times, during the term ofy four years, commencing from the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall be (hippea or water-bom in order to be (hipped, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or brought 5s* Per chal-into the fame, the fum of five (hillings, of lawful Englifh mo- dcr* pey, for every chalder, reckoning the chalder to confift of thirty fix buftiels Winchefier meafure, and after that rate for a greater t0>be charged or leffer quantity, to be paid at the refpe&ive ports and places of upon thcowa-jmportation or landing of fuch cynders, and to be charged upon er. the refpedive owner and owners, mafter and mailers, or other persons, having the charge of the (hip or veflel in which the Duties to be *iaid cynders (hall be carried, imported, or brought ; and that under ma-the faid duties upon cynders (hall be under the management and \governmerit of the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time oners of the" being j and (hall be raifed, levied, and colletted by fuch ways cuftoms.

and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, and............

with fuch allowances, and according to fuch rules and methods,

.as in and by an adt of parliament made in the ninth year of 9W. 3. q. 13. his MajestyS reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefiy feveral duties upon coals and culm, are prefcribed, authorized, or mentioned, for raifing, levying, and collecting the duties thereby granted.

XXIX.	And whereas the importation of tobacco in bulk hath given

abundant opportunity to ill difpofed persons to run the fame on Jhore, without paying his Majejlys cujloms due thereon, to the great impairing of the revenue, and the no lefs prejudice of the fair trader : for No tobacco remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That ftall be \m-.from and after the twenty ninth day of September, which (hall P^edj^ m be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred, no to- *	9

hacco be brought or imported into this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy in any

(hip or vefiel from any of his Majesty’s plantations on the continent of America, nor (hipped in any of the faid plantations in order to be fo imported, otherwife than in cafk, cheft, or cafe £acll ca8k ^ only, each cafk, cheft, or cafe whereof (hall contain two hun- contain WU. dred weight of ne^t tobacco at the lead, and each hundred weight.

T3	thereof

Digitized by Google

I7& Anno dccimo & undccimo Gulielmi III. c.21. [1699*

thereof (hall contain one hundred and twelve pounds, under the p ,.	penalties and forfeitures following, that is to fay, That all the

cn ***	tobacco fo imported, or (hipped to be imported, contrary to this

a<ft, (hall be forfeited, and every person or persons offending, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, (hall forfeit fix pence for every pound weight thereof, two third parts thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other third part thereof to fuch person as (hall feize and fue for the fame : provided neverthelefs, That fuch fmall quantities as fhall be ne-Ceffary for the (hips companies fmoaking in the faid voyage, fhall not be deemed or conftrued any breach of this aCt; the faid forfeitures and penalties to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, in which no eflbin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.	!

Pearl allies XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, may be im- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons ported. whatfoever. From and after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, to import into England, tValesy or Berwick upon Tweed, from Germany, pearl allies, being the produdt of Germany, paying his Majesty his cuftoms and duties paying cuftom as pot allies ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in as pot alhes. any wife potwithftanding.

New England XXXI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, whale fin, See. That all whale fin taken and caught by the people and inhabi-to pay the tants of New England, New York, and Penfihania, or any other Greenland* ** Majesty's plantations and colonies in America, and imported whakfin. from thence, (hall be chargeable with and pay to his Majesty 9 & 10 W. 3. (by virtue of an aCt of the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, c-^45*	An act for taking away half the duties impofed on glafs wares, and

5 Geo. 1 c. aSh tj?e wb0je duties lately laid on flone and earthen wares, and tobacco ** eo'2,c,4-5- pipes<i f0r granting in lieu thereof new duties upon zuhale fim and Scotch linen) the like duties, as whale fin caught and imported in and by any (hips or veflels whatfover, of or belonging to the company eftablifhed for the Greenland trade are chargeable withal, and no further or other duty by means or virtue of the faid aCt only; any thing in the faid laft mentioned aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And whereas the duties granted to his Majesty by one aft c 22.	*	°f. Par^tament, intituled, An aCt for granting to his Majesty cer-

tain duties upon malt, mum, fweets, cyder and perry, as wdll t	towards carrying on the war againft France, as for the neceffary

expences of his Majesty’s houfhold, are likely to expire before thty have fully anfwered and fatisfied the ends and purpofes for which they were granted: and whereas the commons in parliament afembled have declared they will make good all fuch deficiencies as Jhall happen upon the falling Jhort of the faid duties: and whereas there is a fmall inte-rejl of one farthtng a day allowed by the lafi recited aft, upon feveral bills or tickets, commonly called malt lottery tickets : now for the advancing the credit and value of the faid bills or tickets, be it cnaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the

twenty

Digitized by

Google

J

1699*] Anno declmo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 2 u 27$

twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thou- Addition of a fand fix hundred ninety nine, upon every fuch bill or ticket car-	th<f

rying the faid intereft of one farthing a day (other than fuch bills ^\t ticket* pr tickets as fhall be paid off and difcharged by the duty now unpaid* chargeable with the fame) an additional intereft of one farthing a day fhall be allowed and paid refpedtively upon every fuch bill or ticket, until fuch bill or ticket fhall be fully paid off and difcharged.

XXXIII.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the eighth year of his Majejly's reign (wherein certain duties were granted upon malt and tther things) feveral tickets were made forth for feveralfums of money , payable with intereft; feveral of which tickets are frnce burnt, loft or otherwife dejiroyed; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That m all cafes where it fhall appear by affidavit, to be made before any of the barons of the Exchequer, that any ticket or tickets, being in courfe of payment, out of the monies arifen or to arife, on or before the tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, into the receipt of the Exchequer for the duties aforefaid, is or are burnt, deftroyed, of Malt tjckcf# otherwife loft, it fhall and may be lawful for the officer or offi- burnt or loft cers, appointed to pay or difcharge the faid annuities, on pro- on affidavit ducing a certificate from the faid baron, of fuch affidavit made made thereof before him, which affidavit the faid barons, or any of them, is and certificate, and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or

they are hereby required to grant without fee or reward ; and on Q^jcer re^ fecurjty given to the faid officer to his good liking, to indemni- quired to pay fy him againft all other persons whatfoever, for or concerning fuch tickets, tne monies contained or fpecified in fuch ticket or tickets, or &c* which was due thereon, he the faid officer fhall and is hereby required to pay and difcharge the faid tickets, being fuch as came in courfe within the time aforefaid, as if the faid tickets had been produced, and fhall be allowed fuch payment in his accounts; any thing in this or any other adt contained to the 1 contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And whereas it is found by experience, That notwitb- Penalty on (landing any law now in force, many common brewers do ufe great brewer ufing quantities of melafjes in the brewing ale and beery whereby the con- mela“C8>&c* fumption of malt is very much kindred^ and his Majejly defrauded of

a great part of the duties of fuch ale and beerfo brewed as aforefaid-, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it any common brewer, or retailer of beer or ale, fhall, after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, make ufe of any melafles, coarfe fugar, honey, or compofition or ex-tradt of xugar, in the brewing, making or working of any ale or beer, or if any common brewer fhall receive or take into his ciiftody or poffefnon any quantity of melafles, coarfe fugar, honey, or compofition or extradt of fugar, exceeding ten pounds, every fuch brewer and retailer fhall forfeit and Iofe for every fuch offence refpedtively the fum of one hundred pounds ; and every penaity on fervant of fuch brewer, and every other person, who fhall be brewers fer* aiding and aflifting in the ufingany melaffes, coarfe fugar, ha- vants*

T 4	neyj

n

280 Anno dccimo & undedmo Gulielmi III. c.21. [1699.

ney, or extraft of fugar, in the brewing qr working of fuchalc or beer, or in carrying or conveying the fame into the houfe, brewhoufe, or other place belonging to fuch brewer, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence* the fum of twenty pounds, aqd in default of payment thereof (hall fuffer three months imprifonment.

10&11W. 3. XXXV. And whereas by an aft of this prefent feffm of parlia-c* 9* . ment, intituled,, An ad for granting to his Majesty the fum of one million four hundred eighty four thoufand and fifteen pounds, one (hilling, eleven pence three farthings, for dilband-ing the army, providing for the navy, and for other neceffary occafions, it is amongjl other things enafted, That a fum not exceeding the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, of the monies to be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of the faid aft, should be and is thereby appropriated in the first place to the paying and dijbanding the forces enafted to be dijbanded, and the refidue of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, for and towards the fubfiftence and clearing,s of his Majesty s guards and garrifons within the kingdom of England, and the dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and to other the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas it is or may be doubted, whether any part of the faid money, fo appropriated to the fiubfiftence and clearings of his Majefifs guards and garrifons% may or ought to be applied towards the paying the arrear of fubfiftence due to the faid garrifons before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, according to the courfe and payment, and true intention of the faid lafi mentioned aft ; be it therefore enaded and declared by the autho-Money for rity aforefaid. That the money fo appropriated and applicable euardl^and t0 fubfiftence and clearings of the guards and garrifons, for garrifons how the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall and may be to be applied, applied as well to the payment of the faid arrear of fubfiftence, due to the faid garrifons at any time before the faid twenty fifth v day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, as for and towards the fubfiftence and clearings of the faid guards and garrifons for the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine; any thing in the faid laft mentioned aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI. And whereas fo much of the faidfum of fix hundred 10&11W- 3.	thoufand pounds, mentioned in an aft of this Jeffton of parliament

c. 9.	(wherein a land tax is granted to his Majesty) as is or Jhall be fuffi-

cientfor paying off and dijbanding the regiments, troops and companies *0 oool. to be Qppfiirttd and enafted to be dijbanded as is therein mentioned? is appro-applied for	printed for that purpofe; it is hereby declared and enafted by the

paying off dif-.authority aforefaid. That out of the money fo appropriated or banded oflfi*	appointed fof paying off and difbanding of regiments, troops

Scotch reel-	^nd companies as aforefaid, any fum not exceeding twenty

ments, &c. thoufand pounds, (hall and may be iflued, applied and diftribu-and the 3 Eng-ted towards clearing the difbanded officers of the Scotch regi-lifh regiments ments which were on the Englijh eftablilhment, and the dif-of Holt, la1 - banded officers of the three Englifh regiments, lately of colonel Ruffefi!>’ Henry Holt> colonel Luke Lillingfton, and colonel Rujfel,

which

Digitized by

Google

4

1699-] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.22.	?8i

which were in the Wefi Indies, and for whom no haif pay is allowed ; any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary notr withftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the more full and effeftual charging of the duties upon rock fait.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majejifs mqft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of England in parliament ajfembled, taking notice that by divers afts of parliament now in force, whereof fome are for terms of years yet unexpired, and others in perpetuity, are impofed upon all fait and rock fait made within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or taken out of any pit or pits within the fame, to be raifed, difpofed and applied to and for the feveral ufes and purpofes in the fame, or by fome other aft or	k

afts of parliament in (ibat behalf exprejfed and declared; and being fenfible that rock fait, which in and by the faid afts, or fome of them, is chargeable with the faid duties, after the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds weight to the bujhel, may be and is ufed in kind for curing fijh, fiejh and other purpofes, without being refined into white fait, and all white fait made from brine, or otherwife, being charge-able with the faid duties, after the rate of fifty fix pounds weight to the bujhel, and that one hundred and twenty pounds weight of rock fait, ufed in kind, will ferve the ufe of almojl two bu/hels of white fait, reckoned at fifty fix pounds weight as aforefaid, whereby the makers of fait from brine have been and are extremely difcouraged, and his Majesty's duties intended by the faid afts have been and are very much impaired, have therefore refolved to incrcafe your Ma-jefrv’s duties upon all rock fait and fait rock, by reducing the bumel, according to which the duties thereof (hall be paid for the future in the manner hereafter mentioned.

II. And be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the fifteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, every feventy five pounds weight of 75!. weight of rock fait, or fait rock, taken out of any pit or pits within the rock fait kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick deemed a . upon Tweed, fhall be deemed and taken to be a Winchefier bufli- ^j^el and el, of eight gallons Winchefier meafure, and (hall be entred, rated accordrated and taxed accordingly, to and for the feveral duties upon ingly. fait rock and rock fait, by the faid feveral ads of parliament charged or made payable, inftead of the bufhel of one hundred and twenty pounds weight in the faid ads or any of them mentioned, and greater or Jeffer quantities of the faid fait rock, or rock fait, (hall be reckoned proportionably; any thing in the faid former ads, or any other law or ft^tute whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

*	III.	An*

Digitized by LjOOQle

'''JUfPT*

282 Anno decim’o & undedmo GtJLiELMi III. c.22. [1699.

III. And whereas by the jhid former afls, or fome of them, it is provided^ That all makers and proprietors of rock fait Jkould mah true entries with his Majefifs officers, of the quantities of fait by them taken out of any pit or pits, and should have a warrant or ticket from fome one of the officers9 to carry away the fame, before the faid fait made or taken out of any pit or pits, should be removed or carried from the refpeftive pits, and that fuck warrant should be given gratis unto fuch maker or proprietor, upon paying or giving fecurity , for payment of his Majejlfs duties within fix months after fuch entry made; neverthelefs the mners or proprietors of rock Jalt having by the faid abisy or fome of them) liberty to remove their rock fait into bis or their own warehoufes, or other places for fecuring thereof for Convenienty of felling or Jhipping off the fame, after due entry made, and a warrant or ticket taken for the fame from the officer next to , fuch fait pits, and to pay and fecure the duty when the faid rock fait Jhall be fold and delivered, it is found by experience, that there is not a fufficient charge made and kept upon the Jaid owners or proprietors, for all the'rock fait or fait rock taken out of his or their pit or pits, but between the pits and the faid Jlorehoufes (which are in many places contrived fo as to be remote from the pits) or elfe before the felling and delivery of the faid rock fait, great quantities thereof are run and embezled, and never charged, to his Majejlfs great damage, and the injury of fuch workers as juffly pay his Majejlfs dues: for remedy whereof be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That every owner proprietor of any fuch rock pit or pits, who after the faid fifteenth day of Mayy one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, (hall take any rock fait or fait rock out of any fuch pit, (hall, before the removal thereof, caufe the fame to be weighed in the prefence of the officer appointed for the duties tm fait; which Officer is hereby authorized and required to attend at fuch fait pits, at all reafonable hours in the day-time, to Tee and take account of all fuch rock fait and fait rock fo weighed, and thereof to make return or report, in writing under his hand, to the commiflioners of excife, or to fuch person as they Owner to have fhall appoint ro receive the fame, leaving a true copy of fuch re* a copy of the turn, in writing under his hand, with fuch proprietor, and fuch report or return (hall be a charge upon fuch proprietor refped-ively; and if any fuch proprietor fhall refufe to weigh any fuch rock

Rock fait to be weighed before removal, in pre-fence ot an officer.

return. Penalty on

proprietor re- fait ancj falt rock, in the prefence of the officer, when taken out weigh rock any as aforefaid, or (hall remove or convey, or fuffer to fait, &c.	. he conveyed from fuch pit, any fuch rock fait and fait rock, be-

fore the Came fhall have been weighed, as aforefaid, every fuch proprietor (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of Duties to be twenty pounds, and alfo double the value of the rock fait and cleared off in fait rock fo removed, as aforefaid.

tercha^e	And ^]t ^urther enadted, That every proprietor of fuch

made,arge ^ck pits (hall pay ahd clear off the duties of all rock fait and Theft nine en- fait rock fo charged, as aforefaid, within two days after fuch larged to 12 charge was made, or (hall within the faid two days give fecuri-

Annse *c z to Pay t^lc *"ame Wlt^m nine months; and every fuch propri-f s 9	29’	etor, who (hall not pay and clear off, nor give fecurity to pay,

Penalty. as aforefaid, (hall forfeit double the value of the faid duties.

V, ft*

Digitized by )°Ql

x699 I Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 22.	283

V.	Provided always, That if any person or persons (hall Allowance for within the faid two days after fuch charges, as aiorefaid, pay Proi*Pt pay-down the duty charged by this a<ft, fuch person or persons (hall men

!>e allowed after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the faid time of nine months,

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That where any fuch rock fait or fait rock, for which his Majesty's duties, after the rate of feventy five pounds weight to the buihel, (hall have been first duly charged and paid or fe-cured, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<ftf fhall be melted and refined, the person or persons who (hall refine the fame into white fait (which white fait is charged by the' faid a6fcs with new duties, after the rate of fifty fix pounds to

the bufhel) (hall have an allowance or abatement out of the Allowance for duties of the faid white fait, of fo much as was charged on rock fait refi-the faid rock fo melted and refined, after the rate of feventy five jMjjf mto white-pounds to the bu(hel, and not after the rate of one hundred twenty pounds the buihel, a$ by the faid former ads was pre-fcribed, fo as the rock fo refined was before the melting thereof weighed in the prefence of the officer, and fo as oath be first . made before fome juftice of peace near adjoining to fuch fait ^ works, of the particular quantities of fuch rock fait or fait rock	9

fo by fuch refiner employed in making the faid white fait, and that he or any other person or persons, by his privity or knowledge, did not increafe the faid rock fait or fait rock, by mixing or other undue pradice, and that no former allowance or abatement for the faid rock fait or fait rock had been made or obtained to his ufe or bfcn^fit (which oath the faid juftice of the peace is hereby impowered to adminifter) and fo as due proof be made upon oath, or otherwife, that the duties for the faid rock fait or fait* rock fo refined were duly charged and paid, or fecured to be and duties paid*, after the rate of feventy five pounds to the bufhel, accord- ^ or ing to this ad, and not otherwife; any thing in the faid former ads td the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And to the ehd that rock fait or fait rock in kind, and fait refined and made from rock fait or fait rock may be exported, and the duties charged thereon be repaid$ be it enaded by

the authority aforefaid. That for all fuch rock fait, fait rock, Rock fait, &c. and refined fait, made from rock fait or fait rock, as (hall be exported, du-exported from any port or place in this kingdom, dominion of u^dt0 be re* JVales, or town of nerivici upon Tweedy into parts' beyond the ]furtherpro-feas, by any person or persons whatfoever, there fhall bfe allow- vi/ions relating ed and paid for every bufhel of fuch rock fait or fait rock, hereto, cAnna?, whereof the duties (hall have been charged and paid, as afore- c< 29‘ ** faid, after the rate of feventy five pounds weight to the bufhel, and for every bufhel of fuch refined fait made from rock fait or fait rock, whereof the duties (hall have been charged and paid or allowed, after the rate of fifty fix pounds to the bufhel, the duties which fhall have been fo paid for every fuch bufhel of rock fait, fait rock, or refined fait, fo exported, to the person or persons exporting the fame, by the officer qr officers appoint-

Digitized by LjOoqle

284 Anna decimo & undccimo Gulielmi III. C.2 x. [1699.

cd to colled the duties on fait in the fame port from whence *	any fuch refined fait (hall be exported, within two. days after

demand thereof, on a debenture to be prepared by the colledor of the cuftoms in the port where fuch rock fait, fait rock, or refined fait (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the person executing the office of fearcher in fuch port, as to the quantity of fuch rock fait, fait rock, or refined fait a&ually (hip-Exporter to ped; and that the oath of the exporter, or his agent, be firft: make oath taken before the principal officers of the faid port, before the that“ ftal1 , debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and impowered ed in England,to S^ve	oath.	That	the duties as aforefaid, for the rock

&c.	! fait, fait rock, or refined fait, in fuch debenture mentioned, were

firft adfually paid, and that fuch rock fait, fait rock, or refined fait is really exported, or (hipped to be exported, to parts beyond the feas, and not intended to be relanded in England, Wales, or Berwick; for which debenture no fee or reward (hall be taken: Explained bp and in cafe the officer, hereby diredled to pay fuch debenture, ci {^nias*to not ^ave fu®c*ent money in his hands to pay the fame, fait ^exported to then upon certificate thereof by him made (which certificate he Scotland, &c. is hereby required to give the party gratis? and without delay) ~	the principal commiffioners for managing the revenue of excite

of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the time being, (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to be made out of the first money in their hands arifing out of the duties upon fait, and any officer negledling or refufing to pay the faid money, or to P ltv give certl^cate as'he is hereby diredled, (hall forfeit double officerretufiiig the ^ums	t0 be Pa^>to the Party grieved, to be recovered, by

to pay. adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efifoin, protedlion, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

Duties how to VIII. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the bef»fed,&c. duties upon rock fait and fait rock, which (hall be charged in purfuance to this ad!, (hall be raifed, levied, and recovered, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, in all cafes (unlefs in fuch where other methods or diredlions are hereby prefcribed) as the duties upon fait or rock fait, chargeable by the f^id former adts, or any of them, were thereby appointed And fines, to be raifed, levied, and recovered : and that all fines, penalties, penalties. &c. and forfeitures, by this ad! impofed, (hall and may be fued for, Recovered. levied, and recovered, in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of tnitigatjon, as any fin,e, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered, by any law or laws of excife, or by ad!ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts^ of record at Weftmnfter ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, (hall be to his Majesty, fiis heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them {hat (hall inform or fue for the fame; pnd that all the duties which (hall be charged by virtue of this ad!, as aforefaid, (hall be brought iq, applied, jffued, and difpofed of, to the fame ufes and purpofes, and ip the fame proportions, as the duties upon fait and rock fait, charged by the faid former adls refpec* fively, ar$ appointed to be brought in, iflued* aqd applied, and •	under

J

' Digitized by L^ooQle

285

*699-3 'Anno declmo & undccinto Guli£lmi III. (5. It.

under the fame penalties for delaying, diverting, or mifapply-ing any part of the monies arifing for the faid duties to oe charged by this a<ft, as in and by the faid former ads, or any of them, in the like cafe and cafes are prefcribed ; any thing in this or the faid former ads contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And for the greater equality, in determining differences touching the duties upon all fait whatfoever, and the penalties and forfeitures concerning the fame; be it further enaded by Pcrfons ag-the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifteenth day of fp1^^

Afay9 in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety

nine, if any person or persons (hall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any order or judgment of any two juftices of the peace, relating to the duties upon fait, or to any forfeiture or offence concerning the fame, that then it (hall ana may be lawful to and for fuch person or persons to appeal to the juftices at the next quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for that county, liberty, riding, divifion, or place, where the faid order or judgment (hall be made or given, and the faid juftices at fuch quarter feflions are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, whofe judgment therein (hall be final; any thing in this or any former a<5t or adts to the con* trary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from All fait what-and after the laid fifteenth day of May^ m the year of our Lord foever to be one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, all rock fait, and wcighed at thc felt rock, and white fait whatfoever, that (hall be (hipped or jhfp^d, *** taken on board any (hip, boat, or veffel whatfoever, to be delivered as a commodity, either to be exported to Ireland, or any

other place beyond the feas, or to be unladen in any port, creek, haven, or other place, on the coafts of England, or elfewhere,

(hall be weighed at the place or Creek where the faid fait is to be taken on board, by fuch officer or officers, as the commif-fioners of the excife, or the major part of them for the time being, (hall from time to time dired and appoint; and that no an(|not put on fuch felt (hall be carried on board any (hip, boat, or veflel board till whatfoever, till the fame (hall be fo weighed or tendred to be weighed, and weighed, and a permit or certificate, containing the quantity of P*r,mt obtam* fuch fait fo weighed or tendred to be weighed, as aforefaid, be penaity-firft had and obtained, under the penalty of forfeiting the faid felt, not fo weighed or tendred to be weighed, and over and above ten (hillings per bulhel, for the fame, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, fo carried on board any (hip, boat, or veflel, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; which faid per- Officer to give mit or certificate fuch officer (hall give to the party requiring permit grati3. the fame gratis, on the penalty of five pounds to the party grieved.

XL Provided always. That if the faid officer or officers (hall officer re-jefufe to weigh fuch felt fo to be taken on board, as aforefaid, fufmgtoweigk or (hall hot attend to weigh the feme at fuch place where the falt’

feme

Digitized by

Google

286 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c* 22. [1699.

fame is to be taken pn board, as aforefaid, or, after the weighing the fame, (hall refufe to give fuch permit or certificate, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and Owner may for the owner or pofleflor of the fait, to carry the faid fait on ihip the fame* board any (hip, boat, or veflel, without incurring any penalty for fo doing; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII. And be it likewife ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, If fait on un- That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the officer and offi-lading be cers, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, at every unlading port or creek of fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, to go on board the fame before the delivery thereof, and to demand a fight of fiich per-

foum weight than contained in permit.

Surplufage

forfeited.

mit or certificate, fo to be given as aforefaid, and to weigh the faid fait upon the unlading the fame; and if the fak, on the weighing of the fame, fhall be found to be more in weight than what is contained in the faid permit or certificate, that then the furplufage that fhall exceed the quantity contained in the faid permit or certificate fhali be forfeited, the one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the person that fhall inform or fue for the fame: and if the tnafter of fuch fhip, boat, or veflel, fufingtcTfhew refu^ to flww unto fuch officer the faid permit or certifi--	cate,	upon	due	requeft	made, to the end he may fee whether

the fait fo unladen be the fame quantity with that contained in the permit or certificate, that then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid officer to feize the faid fait, and detain the fame, until the faid permit or certificate be produced.

XIII.	Provided always. That if the faid permit or certificate, having been given as aforefaid, be not (hewn to fuch officer

fait forfeited, within four days after the feizure thereof, that then and in fuch cafe the fait fo feized fhall be forfeited.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft made and pajjed in the feffton of parliament held in the eighth and ninth years of his Majejlys reign, in-tituled, An a<5t for the better obfervation of the courfe anciently ufed in the receipt of Exchequer, it is (amongfl other things) en-afted and declared, That from and after the twentieth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, no teller in the faid receipt of Exchequer should charge himfelf by his bill with the receipt of any monies in the Exchequer, but at fuch times as the officers of the talley court, their deputies or fubfiitutes, jhould be there prefent, to levy a talley or tallies for the fame; nor should any teller, or other person employed ly him, throw down, or caufe to be thrown down into the faid court, any bill or bills, owning or purporting the receiving any fum or fums of money from any lender of money, receiver, or any other person or persons whatfoever, upon which bill or bills a talley or tallies are to be levied, according to the courfe of the faid receipt, unlefs fuch teller refpeftively, or his clerks, or persons employed by him, should have aftually received, and have then in his office, the very money which should be fpecified in fuch bill dr bills refpeftively (except as therein is excepted) under the penalties therein mentioned: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the

lord

permit.

Officer may feize the-lalt.

If not (hewn in 4 days,

" rfei

8 & 9 W, c. 28.

Digitized by

Google

187

1699*] Anno dedmo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.22

lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of his Majesty’s trcafury for the time being (if he or they (hall think fit, and it be found fafe and expedient for his Majesty’s fervice) to permit and diredt the tellers of the faid receipt of Exchequer, or their clerks, from and after the first day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, to receive from oom-miflioners, receivers, colledtors, or other persons making any payments to his Majesty, at the faid receipt of his Exchequer, upon any account whatsoever, or for loans, bills under the feal of the governor and company of the bank of England, commonly called Bank Bills, as (hall be tendred in payment for any mds, taxes, revenues or Joans whatfoever, unto the end of the next fefiion of parliament, and no longer; any thing in the faid recited adt, or in any other ad* or a&s of parliament, or any cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding: provided. That none of the faid bank bills (hall be fo taken in the Exchequer, when the fame are at any difcount.

XV. And whereas in and by one aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his Majejly and the late Queen Mary' of blejfed memory, intituled, An adt for granting to their Majemes certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale and other liquors, for fecuring certain redompences and advantages in the (aid adt mentioned, to fuch persons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war .againft France, it is (amongfi other things) enafted, That the fum of one hundred and forty thoufand pounds Jhall be a yearly fund for anfwering the annuities therein mentioned: and whereas certain tickets were ijfued out to the proprietors of the faid annuities, many of which tickets are Jince burnt, loft or otberwife deftroyed, whereby the faid proprietors are in danger of lofing their money contained in fuch tickets : be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where it (hall appear by affidavit, to be made before any of the barons of the Exchequer, that any ticket or tickets, for any payment or payments on the faid annuities incurred or become due at or before the nine and twentieth day of September^ one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eight, is or are burnt, deftroyed, or otherwife loft, it (nail and may be lawful for the officer or officers appointed to pay and difcharge the faid annuities, on producing a certificate from the faid baron, of fuch affidavit made before him (which affidavit the barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without fee or reward) and on fecurity given to the faid officer, to his good liking, to indemnify him againft all other persons whatsoever, for or concerning the monies contained or fpecified in fuch ticket or tickets, or which was due thereon, he the faid officer (hall and is hereby required to pay and difcharge the faid annuities, by the laid tickets incurred and grown due as aforefaid, as if the faid tickets had been produced, and (hall be allowed fuch payments in his accounts; any thing in this, or any other adt, contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP.

5 W. & M.

c. 7.

Tickets for payment of annuities, &c. that are burnt or loft,

on affidavit and certificate.

officer required to pay the faid tickets, and be allowed them in his accounts.

Digitized by Google

*88 Anno declmo & undecimo GulielMi III. C. 23. [ifig^

CAP. XXIII.

An a£i for the better apprehending, profecuting and punijbing of felons that commit burglary, boufe-breaking, or robbery in Jhops, warehoufes, coach’boufes or ftables,	that fted

horfes.

WHEREAS /A*	0/* burglary and breating open of houfes

in a felonious manner,	/A* mm, of Jlealing goods pri-

vately out of Jhops and warehoufes, commonly called Shoplifting, the Jlealing of horfes, tfrr 0/ tor yrtf r*	increafed,	to the great

detriment and unfpeakable lofs of many of your Majestys good fubjefls, occaftoned for want of due profecution and punijbment of offenders therein, and for want of encouragement to fuch as Jhall vigOroufiy endeavour the apprehending of fuch malefaBors: for preventing whereof be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every person and persons, that (hall at any time or times, by night or in' the day-time, from and after the twentieth day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, in any (hop, warehoufe, coach-houfe or liable, privately andfeloni-oufly fteal any goods, wares or merchandizes, being of the value of five (hillings or more (although fuch (hop, warehoufe, coach-houfe or (table be not actually broke open by fuch offender or offenders, and although the owners of fuch goods, or any other person or persons, be or be not in fuch (hop, warehoufe, coach-houfe or (table, to be put in fear) or (hall aflift, hire or command any person or persons to commit fuch offence, being thereof convidted or attainted by verdidt or confeflion, or being indidted thereof (hall (land mute, or will not diredUy anfwer to the indidtment, or (hall peremptorily challenge above the number of three and twenty persons returned to be of the jury, (hall by virtue of this adt be abfolutely debarred and excluded of and from the benefit of the clergy.

. II. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and aftdr theiaid twentieth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, all and every person and persons, who (hall apprehend and take any person guilty of any the felonies before mentioned* and profecute him, her or them fo apprehended and taken, until he, (he or they be convidted of any the aforefaid felonies, fuch apprehenders and takers, for his, her or their reward, upon every fuch convidtion, without any fee or reward to be paid for the fame, (hall have forthwith after every fuch cohvidtion a certificate, which (hall be under the hand or hands of the judge, juftice or juftices before whom every fuch conviction (hall be had, certifying fuch convidlion, and alfo within what pari(h or place the felony was committed, whereof any fuch person or persons Was or were convidted as aforefaid, and alfo that fuch felon or felons was or were difeovered and taken,

Perfon ftealing

§oOds in any lop, warehoufe, &c. of 5 s. value or more.

Or aflifting therein.

excluded from benefit of Clergy.

Profecutor of felon to have a certificate.

fn cafe of dif-pute, judge to appoint the -certificate into (hares.

or

Digitized by Google

1699.1 Anno ejecimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c. 23.	289

or difcovered, or taken, by the person or persons fo difeovering Altered by 6 or apprehending any the faid felon or felons j and in cafe any *?g°*G* 2*m difpute (hall happen to arife between any of the persons fo di(- ^ * Ann®* e* covering or apprehending any the (aid felon or>felons fo eonvift jt.u 1. ap~ as aforefaid, touching their right or title to the faid certificate, frehenders of that then the faid judge, juftice or juftices, or the major part of them*, fordpaftively making fuch certificate as aforefaid, (hall	a farther

in and by his or their certificate, direct and appoint the faid reHUdrdof+oU certificate into fo many (hares* to be divided amongft the persons therein concemea, as to the faid judge, juftice or juftices, or the major part of them (hall feemjuft and reafonable, which Certificate Certificate (hall and may be once affigned Over, and no more,	dnc*

and the original proprietor of fuch certificate, or the aflignee of A^nee dif-the fame, whomfoever of them (hall have the intereft therein, charged from by virtue thereof1 and of this prefent aft, (hall and may be dif- panto and charged of and from all and all manner of pari(h and ward of- wird offices* fices, within the pari(h or ward wherein fuch feiony or felonies (hall be committed, and fuch party or aflignee is hereby declared to be difcharged therefrom j which faid certificate (hall be inrolled Certificate to by the clerk of the peace of the county in which the fame be lnro e * lhall be granted; for which inroilment the faid clerk of the peace of the county or city, in which the fame (hall be grant-, Fe^ ed, (hall have for his fee the fum of one (hilling, and no inor^

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That if any person having fuch-provifo# certificate, (hall at any time make ufe of the faid certificate td exempt him from any parilh or ward office, (uch person fo making ufe of the faid certificate, or any other person or persons claiming any intereft therein, (hall not aflign over the faid cer* tificate to any person or persons whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any person bt tf persons be persons (hall happen to be (lain by any fuch houfe-breakers, (lain inpurfuit horfe--dealers, or other felon aforefaid, by endeavouring to ap*- ofhoufe-prehend, or in making purfuit after him? her or them, or any execut^t^* of them, that then the executors or adminiftrators of fuch per- havcTthe cer-fon or persons fo (lain, to whom the right of adminillration of tificate without the perfonal eftate of every person fo (lain (hall belong, (hall fee.

have the faid certificate in manner as aforefaid, without fee or reward as afotefaid*

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfori or persons, Houfe-break-from and after the faid twentieth day of* May, in the /aid year of ers» &c- difeo-our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, (hall com-

mit any burglary, boufe-breaking, or felony in dealing of any j^tled t^Vhe horfe or horfes, or any money, wares or goods, from whom King’spardon* the benefit of the clergy is by this aft taken away, and being out of prifon, (hall difeover two or more person or persons, who already hath or hereafter (hall commit any fuch burglary, horfe-ftealing or fejorty a$ aforefaid, and (hall be convifted thereof, or caufe to be difcovered and apprehended two persons or more, who (hall be convifted as aforefaid, every fuch difetj-verer (hall have, and is hereby intitled to his Maiefty’s moft gracious pardon for the burglaries, houfe-breakings, horfe-

Vql. X.	U	/	dealings

29o	Anno decimo & undecimo GlTLlELMI III. c. 23, [1699.

Healings or felonies as aforefaid, which he* (he or they (hall have committed at any time or times before fuch difcovery to be a good made ; which pardon (hall be likewife a good bar to any appeal fear to appeal, brought or to be brought for any fuch burglary, houfe-break-ing, horfe-ftealing or felony.

VI.	And forafmuch as many evil-difpofedperfons might be deterred from offending, fhould the punifhment by law to be inflifted on fuch

°theft persons wade more vifible; be it further enaCted, That from and or larceny, in- a^ter die kid twentieth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ftead of bum- ninety nine, all and every person and persons who (hall be coning in the viCted of or for any theft or larceny, and (hall have the benefit burnt In the ^ c*er&y allowed thereupon, or ought to be burnt in the left cheek iji hand for fuch offence, inftead of being burnt in the hand, (hall ©pen court, with the ufual mark wherewith fuch offenders, according to the Repealed by 5 laws now in force, ought to be burnt in the hand, be burnt in Annas, c. 6. the moft v}fiye part of the left cheek nearfeft the nofe, which **	# punifhment (hall be inflicted in open court, in the prefence of

the judge, who is hereby directed and required to fee the feme flriCtly and effectually executed ; any former law or ftatuteto the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas the great fees that are often demanded and received by clerks of affitze, of persons that appear as witneff'es agmft felons, tend very much to the difcouraging their conviftion, to the great damage of his Majejlfs good fubjefts: to remedy the feme

Evidence to for the future be it enaCted* That no clerk of affize, clerk of pay no fee, &c. the peace, or other person whatfoever, (hall demand, take or receive any fee or reward of any person whatfoever that (hall be bound by any juftice of the peace to appear to give evidence a-gainft any traitor or felon, for the difcharge of any recognizance Fee for bill of*or appearance, nor (hall demand or receive more than indiament, two lhillings for the drawing any bill of indictment againft any foch felon, upon the pain of forfeiting to the person aggrieyed, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds* with full cofts offuit.

VIII.	And whereas it often happens that clerks of affize, clerks of the crown, clerks of the peace, clerks of the indiftments, or other proper officers, their clerks or deputies, do draw bills defective 5 be k

Clerk of affize, enaCted, That if any clerk of aflize, clerk of the crown, clerk See. drawing of the peace, clerk of the indictments, or other proper officer, dcf&hve bill, or their clerks or deputies, (hall draw any bill defective, they ©ne gratisnCW ®a^ draw ncw without demanding any fee or reward what* Penaltyr * foever, or forfeit the fum of five pounds* with full cofts 0/ fuk, and that all the forfeitures aforefaid (hall be recovered by him, her or them that will file for the fame, by aCtion of debt, biH, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no eflbin, protection or wager of jaw (hall be allowed.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

1699-1 Anno ddGiirfo & undedmo GtiLJELMi Iir.	2$i	.

C A P. XXIV.

An afl for making Billingfgate a fret market for fate of :

'	flflt. * .	.	r

T^^HEREAS the publick wealthy honour, and fafety of this V V kingdom, as well as the maintenance of trade,	fupport of

navigation, as in many other tefpettsi depend on the improvement and	'

encouragement of the fijhery, and Billingfgate having,	out of

mind,	j free market for all manner of floating and faltflfh, as

alfo fbr all manner of lobflers and fhell fljfr\ Kneverthelef$, divers a-bufes, evidently deflruttiw to that trade, have been of .late years }pf(tc^\ ttfed, by raifing new impofitions and tolls., and by forejlailing of 'the.	■

markets,	methods ufed by thefl/bmoHgih, in not permitting

the Jijherwomen and others to buy the /aid fifh of‘the faid ffhermeny	J	t	>l

to Jell them again in London and elfewhere,By Mich means tfefljhj ermen are obliged to fell their JiJb to the faid fljhmongers at their otyrt rates, to the great difcouragement of the faid'fijhertnen : foffemedy1	_

whereof be it eria&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty^byJ	:	^

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tefm-* poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, 'anti by the authority of the fame. That from and after the tenth Billingfgate * day of May, which (hall be in the year , one thoufand fix htm- forVih^ ' ‘ * dred ninety nine, Billingfgate market, within the faid* city: of Fi/h taken by London, (hall be every day in the week (except Sundays) a free foreigners not and open market for all torts of fifh whatfoever; and that it *°M fhall and may be lawful for any person or persons to. buy of any fort of fi(h in the faid market without any difturbance or. moleftation whatfoever.	‘‘	r	/

II.	And for the better encouraging the faid lifhery, belt fuf- piriiermatj, ther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no filherrrjan or See. to pay toll, other person or persons, felling any fort of fea fifh in the faid market, (hall, from and after the faid tenth day of May,' one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, pay to any'perfon of perfonfe any other to\l or duty whatfoever, for cbming with his boat or vend, or landing, (landing, being or felling, in or at the faid market of Billingfgatey than is herein after mentioned, that fa to fay,	•	,

III; For every veflel with fait fiftt, for jgroundage,'eiglit VefTcl witb '| pence per day, and twenty pence voyage for every fuch yef- fejt fi(h8d.jp$r lei, and no more, in full for all duties and demands, to be dif- ^ grounds pofed of and diftributed,. as the lord mayor and court of alder- 20d.per men (hall yearly order and direct, according’ to the right of t^e voyage, refpetfive persons intitled thereunto.	•	*	*

IV.	For every lobfter boat, for groundage per day twb penc£, Lobfter boat

and per voyage thirteen pence, arid no more, in fall; tor all 2 d* P*r day duties and demands, to be difpofed of and diftributed, as afore- ^Cper faid.	voyage.

V.	For every veflel of frefh fea fifh, for groundage day VetTel with two pence, and per voyage thirteeh pence, and no more, in frefh tea fifh*

U %	'	full

Digitized by Google

2p2

Dogger boat or Snack.

Oifter vcfTel.

Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. 0,24.' [1699;

full for all duties and demands* to be difpofed of and diftributed, as aforefaid.

VI. For every dogger boat or fmack with fea fifh, for ground-age per day two pence, and per voyage thirteen pence, and no more, in full for all duties and demands, to be difpofed of and diftributed as aforefaid.	•'

' VII. For every oifter veflel or cock, for groundage per day two pence, for metage one halfpenny per bufhel and no more, and per voyage thirteen pence and no more, in full for all duties and demands, to be difpofed of and diftributed as aforefaid.

FUh bought in VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, the faid mar- That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfort or per-be fons whatfoever, who fhall buy any ftfh in the faid market, to ther.m °m feU the fame again in any other market, place or places within the faid city of London or elfewherfc, by retail, except rteverthe-lefs, that none but fifhmongers fhall be permitted to fell in publick or fixed fhops or houfes, being found and wholefom ftfh, without any let or difturbance from any person or perform whatfoever for fo doing; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs. That this a61 fhall not extend to alter any law now in being, concerning fifh caught by foreigners.

X.	And whereas in the fifth year of the reign of £)ueen Elizabeth, among other things it was enahed* That from and after the fir ft day of May* then next comings it jhould not be lawful to any person and perfons* in any port* city* town* or market, or other place

. within this realm* to fet price* make any refiraint, or take or de-• mand toll or tax of any fea fijh to be brought into this realm, or any part thereof being taken by any of her Majefly's fubjeBs* in flips and other vejfels of the fame fubjefts* upon pain* to every person offending contrary to the. meaning thereof to forfeit the value of the fifh fo refrained* prized, tolled* or taken; any liberty* cuftom, grant, privilege* or other matter whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding 5 yet contrary to the true meaning thereof feveral tolls* /amples* and other exactions* have been .demanded and taken of fea fifh; be it therefore cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid tenth day of May* any person or persons, taking or demanding any toll or fample, or any other impofi-tion, or fet price, of any lea fifh whatfoever of Englifh catching, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to fuch person as fhall fue for the fame.

XI.	And whereas of late years* an evil practice hath been ufel by the fifhmongers* in employing one or two persons at the mofl to buy up all or the greatefi part of the fijh which is brought to the faid market at Billingfgate, and afterwards dividing the farpe amongfl the fifl-mongers by lots* by reafon whereof the fifhmongers buy and fell at what rates they pleafe •* be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid,

6

Exception.

Provifo.

5 Eli*, c. 5*

Penalty on person de* mandins toll or (ample of fea fi(h»

Digitized by v^-ooQie

1699O Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.24.	293

faid, That no fuch practices (hall be at any time hereafter uled Evil practice or allowed.	of fthmonjert

XII.	And for the better preventing the fame, or the like n owc

evil practices, for the time to come; be it further enadted, That Fifli not to be no person or persons whatfoever (hall at any time after the faid bought up,	to

tenth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, eoir	after-

ploy or be employed by any other perfpn or persons, in buying ward8 retailed! in or at the faid market of Biilingfgate, any quantity of fi(h, to Penalty.

be divided by lots or in (hares amongft any fiftimongers, or o-ther persons, in order to be afterwards put to fale by retail or otherwife $ nor (hall any fiftimonger, at any time after the faid tenth day of May, ingrols or buy, in the faid market of Billingf-gate, any quantity of fi(h, but what (hall be for his own fale or ufe, ana not for or on the behalf of any other fiftimonger to expofe to fale, under pain of forfeiting for each fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parilh where fuch offence (hall be committed, and the other moiety to his or their own ufe who (hall fue for the fame ; and that from and after the faid tenth day of May, no Size of lob-fUherman, or other person or persons, (hall bring on (hore, or ficrs for fale. put to fale, any lobfters, that are not eight inches from the peak of the nofe unto the end of the middle fin of the tail, un- Penalty, der pain of forfeiting for every fuch lobfter the fum of one (hilling, the one moiety to the poor of the pari(h where the offence (hall be committed, the other moiety to the profecutor, to be recovered upon convidtion before the chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate, or before the next juftice of peace where luch offence (nail be committed.

XIII.	And for the better encouragement of the fifhery of this kingdom, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid tenth day of May, no h(h (except Fi(h to be im-ftock fifh and live eels) taken or caught by any foreigners, aliens ported in Eng-to this kingdom (except proteftant (hangers inhabiting within jjlhlbipping. this kingdom) (hall be imported in any foreign (hip, veffel, or ByxGeo^j. bottom, not being wholly EngRJh property, and uttered, fold, fot. *. c. is. or expofed to fale, in this kingdom, under the pain of the for- f. 10. feiture of fuch (hip, veffel, or bottom, with the tackle there- foreigners may unto belonging, and of all fuch fi(h fo imported and fold con-trary to the true intent, and meaning thereof, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the fame (hall be fo found or feized, the other moiety to his or their own ufe who (hall fo feize the fame.

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this adt con- Anchovie*, tained (hall be conftrued to prohibit the importation of ancho- llurgeon, &c.

fturgeon, botargo, or cavear, nor felling of mackarel be- not prohibited.

vies

fore or after divine fervice on Sundays.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained Cod and ling (hall be conftrued to take away an ancient duty of cod and ling, continued as payable to the Kings of this realm, for the fervice of their ufual. houfhold, by fuch merchants as trade to Weflmoney and Ifeland, but that the fame may be taken by his Majesty’s officers* in fuch

U*3	manner

£94 Anfco decijno & undccimo Gulielmi III. c. 25. [1699,

manner as the fame hath been lawfully pfed to be taken before the making of this aft.

CAP., XXV.

An act to  encourage the trade to Newfoundland.

WHEREAS the trade of and fijhing at Newfoundland is a beneficial trade to this kingdom, not only in the employing ‘ great numbers of feamen and Jhips, and exporting and cotifming great quantities of prqvifions and manufactures of this realm, whereby many trddefmen and poor artificers are kept at work, but alfo in bringing 'into this nation, by returns of the efife ft s of the faid fijhery from tithe r countries, great quantities of'wine, oily plate, iron, wool, and Jundry other ufeful commodities, to the increafe of his Majefifs revenue, and the encouragement of tpade and navigation \ be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the adrice I and conferit of thfc lords fpirituat and temporal, and commons,

N In. tHis prefent parliament aflembled, ‘ aha by the authority of the fame,' That from henceforth it lhall ana may be lawful for we tradet6	Majefty’s	fubjedts refiding within this his realm of Engr

Newfound-' land, ox the dominions thereunto belonging, tradipg or that land.; :	(hall	trade to Newfoundland, and the feas, rivers,* lakes, creeks,

‘harbours in or about Newfoundland, or any of the iflands adjoining or adjacent thereunto, tp have, ufe, and enjoy the free trade and traffick, aind art pf merchandize and fifliery, to and from Newfoundland, and peaceably to have, ufe, and enjoy, the i freedom of taking bait and filhing in any of the rivers, lakes, creeks, harbours, or roads, in or about Newfoundland, andthi faid Teas, pr any of the iflapbs adjacent thereunto, and liberty , to go bn fhore on any part of Newfoundland, or any of the faid iflands, for the curing, falting, drying, and hufbandipg of their fifh, and for making of oil, and to cut down wood and trees " jthere for building and making or repairing of Rages,' (hip-rooms, trainfats,' hurdles, (hips, boats, and other neceffaries for them-felves and their (Servants, feamen and fifliermen, and all other fhings which may be ufeful or advahtagious to theit fithing trade, as fully and freely as at any time heretofore hath beert ufed or enjoyed there by any of the fubjedts of his Majesty’s royal predeceffors, without any hindrance^ interruption, denial^ or difturbarice of or from any person or persons whatfoever $ No alien to # and4 that no alien or ftranger whatfoever (not refiding within Newfound- - t^ie Kfogdotri of England, dominion of Wales, or rown of Ber-land.°Uri':"	upon Tweed) (hall .at any time* hereafter take any bait, or

* •	Ufe any fort of trade or’fifhing whatfoever in Newfoundland,

br in any of the faid iflands or places abovementionedL No ballafl:	* H* And for the preferving the faifl harbours* from all annoy-

&c. to be*’	apees ; be h further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

thrown out of from and after the twenty fifth day of March, oile thoufand the har^our^ ^even hundred, now next coming, no ballaft, preft (tones, or but carried^n' anY thing elfe hurtful to or annoying any of the harbpUrs there, Jhore. ' (hall be thrown put of any (hip or otherwife, by any person of .	p*" - - - — •••■ * f	^ —’ 1 : - persons i

i^99*] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III; c. 25,	295

perfons whatfoever, to the prejudice of any of the faid harbours, but that all fuch ballaft and other things (hall be carried on (hore, and be laid where they may do no annoyance.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That No person to no person or persons whatfoever (hall Tat his departure out of the

(aid country, or at any other time) aeftroy, deface, or do any^^&c? detriment to any fuch ftage or cook room, or to the flakes, > fpikes, nails, or any other thing whatfoever thereto belonging, as he or they (hall fall into at his or their coming into the faid country, but that he or they (hall (during his or their (lay there) content him and themfelves with fuch ftage or ftages pnly as are needful for him or them, and (hall alfo (at his or their departure thence) leave all fuch his or their ftage or ftages, without doing or cauling to be done any wilful damage to any of them $. and that for the repairing of fuch ftage or ftages as he or they (hall fo take, during his or their abode there, the fame (hall be done with timber fetcht out of the woods there, and not by the ruining, breaking down, demolilhing, prejudicing, or any wife injuring the ftage or ftages of any other person or persons whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordaid. That Event fifcing

(according to the ancient cuftom there ufed) every fuch fiftiing nrft en-lhip from England, Wales, or Berwick, or fuch fiftiermen as	be^dmi"-

Ihall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, first rai during that enter any harbour or creek in Newfoundland, in behalf of his fifhing feafon, ihip, (hajl be admiral of the faid harbour or creek during that

ftftiing feafon, and for that time fhall referve to himfelf only fo piuch beech or flakes, or both, gs are needful for the number of fuch boats as he (hall there ufe, with an overplus only for the ufe of one boat more than he needs, as a privilege for his first coming thither j and that the mafter of every of fuch fe- Second fliijr fcond fiftiing (hip, as (hall enter any fuch harbour or creek, (hall vice admiral, be vice admiral of fuch harbour or creek during that filhing feafon -9 gnd that the mafter of every fuch filhing (hip next Next (hip rear .coming, as (hall enter any fuch harbour or creek, ilhall be admiral, rear admiral of fuch harbour or creek during that fiftiing feafon, and that the mafter of every fiftiing, (hip there, (hall content himfelf with fuch beech or flakes, as he (hall have ne-ceflary ufe for, without keeping or detaining any more beech or flakes, to the prejudice of any fuch other (hip or veflel as (hall •arrive there; and that, fuch person or persons as are poflefled of feveral places in feveral harbours or creeks there, (hall make pla£es fhai? his or their election of fuch place as he or they (hall choofe to make his elec-abide in; and (hall alfo, within eight and forty hours after any tion which to after-comer or after-comers into fuch place or places (hall de- abide ln> mand fuch his or their refolution touching fuch his or their election (if the weather will fo foon permit, or fo foon after as an(j gjve ^ tfip weather will permit) give or fend his or their refolution to refolution to fuch after-Comer or after-coiners, touching fuch his or their any atteivco-eledlion of fuch place’as he or they (hall fo choofe to abide in for the fiftiing feafon, to the end that fuch after-comer or aftei*- demand/* may hkewifif chopfe his or their place ot places of his

U 4	or

Digitized by v^ooQle

Eerfon* who since 168$. have detained puiy ftage, pook-room, /fee. (hall re-lrpquifh the

*96 Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.25. [1699*

In cafe of dif- or their abode there; and in cafe any difference fhall arifia ference, admi- touchjng the faid matters, the admirals of the refpedtive har-tipn^place"b°urs where fuch differences fhall arife, or any two of them, ” * * fhail proportion the plaee to the feveral (hips, in the feveral harbours they fifh in, according to the number of boats which each of the laid (hips fhall keep. n V. And whereas feveral inhabitants in Newfoundland, and other persons, have, ftnee the year of our Lori one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, ingrojfed and detained in their own bands, and for their own private benefit, feveral fiages, cook-rooms,. beeches, and other places in the faid harbours and creeks (which before that time belonged to fijbing Jbips, for taking of bait, and fijhing and curing their fijh) to the great prejudice of the fijhing Jhips that arrive there in the fijbing feafqn, anafometimes to the overthrow of feme of their voyages, and to the great difeouragement of the traders there; be it further enadted by the authority aforeUid, That all and every fuch per-fon and persons, as fince the faid year of our Lord one tfiou-fand fix hundred eighty five, have or hath taken, feized or detained any fuch ftage, cook-room, beech or other place for taking bait or fifhing, or for the drying, curing or hufbanding .	of fifh, fhall on or before the feid twenty fifth day of Mmb,

piibHckufeof relinquifh, quit and leave, to the publick ufe or the fifhing filing fhipg fhips arriving there, all and every the faid ftages, cook-rooms, icc. ’ beeches and other places for taking bait and timing, and for the drying, curing and hufbanding of fifh.

VI. And for the preventing the ingroffing and detaining of all fuch ftages, cook-rooms, beeches and other places, by any person or persons for the time to come ; be it enaded by the po (Uherman Authority aforefaid, That no fifheqnan or inhabitant of Newer inhabitant foundland, or any other person or persons whatfoever, fhall, at U any time a^er t"c twenty firth day of Mqrch, feize, take a*nv ftage?&c! UP 9r P°ftefs any of the ftage*, cook-rooms, heeches or other until ah fifh- places, which at any time fince the faid year of our Lord one ing (hips be thoufand fix hundred eighty five, did or at any time hereafter provided, ftjaii belong to any fifhing (I hip or fhips, fbr taking bait or fifhing, or for drying, curing or hufbanding of fifh, before the arrival of the fifhing fbips out of England, Wales, and Berwick, and until all fuch fhips (hall be provided with ftages, cook-rooms, bpeches and other places for taking, bait and fifhing, and for drying, curing and hufbanding of fifh. ffqrifq,	VII.	Provided always. That all fuch persons as fince the

twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, have built, cut out or made, or at any time hereafter* fhall build, cut out or make, any houfes, ftages, cook-rooms, train-fats, or other conveniencies for fifhing there, that did not belong to fifhing fhips fince the faid year one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, fhall and may peaceably and quietly enjoy the fame to hi* or their own ufe, without any diflurbance of or from £ny person or persons whatfoever.

VHI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person or persons whatfoever, tnat fhall go pyer with their ftrv^nts to Newfoundlandi to keep boats on a

fthing

Digitized by Google

1699-] Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III. c.25. , 297

(idling voyage, commonly called By-boat keepers* (hall not pre- By-boat keep-tend to or meddle with any houfe, ftage, cOok-room, train-fat, ^^lcwith ' or other conveniency, that did belong to (idling (hips fince the 2^e#1fo!ge# year one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, or (hall be cut out or &c. belonging made by (hips, from and after the fai'd twenty fifth day of March, to any fiflung one thoufand (even hundred.

IX.	And be it further enladted by the authority aforefaid.

That every mafter of a by-boat or by-boats (hall carry with him can7 at lead two fre(h men in fix (viz.) one man that hatn made no \ frcfll mcn m more than one voyage, and one man that hath never been at fea before; and that every inhabitant (hall be obliged to employ inhabitant 6b-two fuch frefli men, as the by-boat keepers are obliged for every Heed to cm-boat kept by theip; and further, that all matters of fifhing ffy * fucU fhips (hall carry with them, in their (hips company, at lead one tr •mcn-fuch fre(h man that never was at fea before, in every five men they cany 5 and that the mafter of each fuch by-boat, and each Maftcr Qf ^ fuch (idling (hip, (hall make oath before the colle&or, or other jng fhip to principal officer of the cuftoms of the port or ports frpm whence carry 1 frtfh fuch (hip intends to fail, that each (hip and by-boat’s company raan in 5-have fuch fredi men therein as this a<ft direfts; and that the "?ake f faid officer 'or officers is and are hereby impowered and required °*ththcrco** to adminifter the aforefaid oath to the faid matters of (hips and by-boats, and give a certificate thereof under his hand, without Certificate any fee, gratuity or reward for fo doing.	gratis.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Every fifth every mafter or owner of any (idling (hip going to Newfoundland man a green* (after the faid twenty fifth day of March) (hall have in his (hip’s man* company every fifth man a green-man (that is to fay) not a fea-

man or having been ever at fea before. ‘

. XL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That no person or persons whatfoever (hall at any time, after

the (aid twenty fifth day of Match, obliterate, expunge, cut

out, deface, or any wife alter or change the mark or marks of Marks of

any boat or boats, train-fat or train-fats, belonging to any other boats or train-

perfon or persons, whereby to defraud or prejudice the right f*ts not to be

owner or owners thereof, nor convert to his or their own ufe ™£ltcrated#

any boat or boats, train-fat or train-fats, belonging to any other without con,

perfon or persons, without his or their confent or approbation, fent of owner.

nor remove nor take away any fuch boat or train-fat from the

place or places where they (hall be left by the owner or owners

thereof, except in cafe of neceffity, and alfo uppn giving notice

thereof to the admiral of the harbour or place where fuch boat I

or train-fat (hall be left by the owner or owners, to the end

that the right owners thereof may know what is become of

them.

XII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no Standing trees person or persons whatfoever (hall, at anytime after the faid not to be rind-* twenty fifth day of March, rind apv of the trees there (landing ”or woods or growing upon any occafion whatfoever, nor lhall by any rc ways or means whatfoever fet on fire any of the woods of the faid country, qr do or caufe to be done any damage, detriment

deftru#ipp to t{ie famet for any ufe or ufe$ whatfoever, ex-

cept

Digitized by Google

298 Anno decimo &*undechnd Gulielmi III. c.25, 1^x699.

Neceflarv fuel cept only for neceflary. fuel for the (hips and inhabitants, and excepted, &c. for tiie building and neceffary repairs of houfes, (hips, boats and train-fats, and of the ftages, cook-rooms, beeches and other places for taking bait and filhirtg, and for drying, curing ' andhulbandingfifli there; and alfo that no person or persons whatfoever (hall, at any time after the faid twenty fifth day of March, caft anchor, or do (my other matter or thing, to the Sayn* not to annoyance or hindring of the haling of fayns in the accuftom-e annoy , ary baiting placed, or (hoot his or their fayn or fayns within or upon the fayn or fayns of any other person or persons whatfo-ever; and alfo that no person or persons whatfoever (hall, at any time after the (aid twenty fifth day of Marchy (leal, purloin nor nets,baits, or take out of the net or nets of any other person or persons &c, ftolcn. whatfoever, lying adrift, or drover, for bait by night, nor fteal, purloin or take away any bait out of any fi(hing boat or boats, or any net or nets belonging to any other person or perfons.

XIII.	And whereas feveredperfons that have been guilty of thefts, robberies, murders and other felonies upon the land in Newfoundland, and the iflands thereunto adjacent, have many times efcaped tin-punifbedy becaufe the trial of Juch offenders hath heretofore been or-dered and adjudged in no other court of jujtice, but before the lord high conftabky and earl marfhal of England: For reformation thereof, and for the more fpeedy and effedual puniftunent of fuch offences for the time to come, be it enaded bv the autho-Kobberies,<fcc. rity aforefaid. That , all robberies, murders and felonies, and i» Newfound- all other capital crimes whatfoever, which, at any time or times land may be after tbe faid twenty fifth day of Marchy (hall be done and com-county1 inny	*n or uPon the land in Newfoundland, or in any of the

England, by iflands thereunto belonging, (hall and may be enquired of tried, com million of heard,. determined and adjudged in any (hire or county of this oyer and ter- kingdom of England, by virtue of the ^King’s commiflion or commiifions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, or any of them, according to the laws of this land ufed for the punifh-ment of fuch robberies, murders, felonies, and other capital cripies done and committed within this realm.

Admirals in XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Newfound- That the admirals of and in every port and harbour in Netty niks^cCfonndland for the time being, be and are hereby authorized and this a&exe- required (in order to preferve peace and good government a* futed,	mongft the feamen and filhermen, as well in their refpe&ive

harbours, as the (hore) to fee the rules and orders in this prefent ad contained, concerning the regulation of the filhery keep a jour- there, duly put in execution; aqd that each of the faid admi-deliver a cop ra*g yearty keep a journal of the number of all (hips, boats, thereof to tlhe ftages and train-fats, and of all the feamen belonging to andem-privy council, ployed in each of their refpedive harbours, and (hall alfo (at their return to England) deliver a true copy thereof, under their hands, to his Majesty’s mod honourable privy council. Admirals to XV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid/ determine dif- That in cafe any difference or. controverfy (hall arife in New-ferences be- foundlandy. or the iflands thereinto adjoining, between the fw<?en matters/ - T ' <	'	‘	‘	i ?	maforc

Digitized by	?le

yGggf] Annodedmo & undecimo Gulielmi III- C. 25/	299

matters of fiftiing (hips and the inhabitants'there, or any by-offifhihg ' boat keeper, for or concerning the right and property of fiftiing ?’E-tan? in~ rooms, ftages, flakes, or any other building or conveniency for na 1 an 8* fiftiing or curing of fi(h, in the feveral harbours or coves, th* laid differences, difputes and controverfies, (hall be judged and determined by the fiftiing admirals, in the feveral harbours and Coves; and in cafe any of the faid matters of fiftiing ftrips, by- Party aggriev-boat keepers or inhabitants, (hall think themfelves. aggrieved by edtnay appeal, fuch judgment or determination, and (hall appear to the commanders of gny of his Majesty’s (hips of war, appointed as convoys for Newfoundland, the laid commander is hereby authorized and empowered to determine the fame, purfuant to the regulation in this aft.

AVI. And to the end that the inhabitants, fifliermen, fea-men, and all and every other person and persons refiding or being at Newfoundland, or any the faid iflarids, or other places, may with all devotion join in their folemn prayers and addrefles to Almighty God, for the obtaining of his biefling upon their persons and endeavours \ be it hereby enafted, That all and jnhabitanti to every the inhabitants of Newfoundland, or the laid iflands or obferve the places adjacent near thereto, mall ftriftly and decently obferve Lord’s day, /every Lord’s day, commonly called Sundayand that none ofand *?ot fcll the faid inhabitants (who keep any tavern, alehoufe, or other publick houfe for entertainment) (hall entertain or fell, vend, fitter or difpofe of to any fi(herman, feaman or other person whatfoever, upon any Lord’s day or Sunday, any wine, beer,

.ale, cyder, ftrong waters or tobacco, or any other liquor or liquors whatfoever.

XVII. And whereas by an dft of parliament made in the eighth g & 9 w. $. (aid ninth years of his Majesty s reign, intituled, An act for grant- c. *4. ing to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage ppon merchandizes imported, for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war agalnft France; and by (mother aft made in the u ,o W ). ninth and tenth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled. Ah aft for c. *3. granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, towards the railing a yearly furti of feven hundred thou-fand pounds, for the fervice of his Majesty’s hou(hold, and other pfes therein mentioned, during his Majesty’s life, an additional duty of twelve pence on every twenty Jhillings value of all goods and ' merchandizes imported (all manner of fjh Englilh taken excepted) is granted to his Majesty, his fairs and fuccejfors: and whereas feme Aoubt hath atifen, whether oil, blubber, and fins, taken and imported by the company of merchants ^London trading to Greenland, are not liable to the faid duty: be it therefore epafted by the authority 5 Geo. %. aforefaid. That all whale fins, oil, and blubber, taken and imr c. 28. ported by the (hips of the company of merchants of London™*^ bhib trading to Greenland, were not nor are intended to be charged ber^imported or made liable to the duty of twelve pence for every twenty (hil- by Greenland lings value of goods imported, charged in the aforefaid afts* merchants, |>ut that the whale fins, oil, find ^lubber,- taken and imported dut^of

Digitized by

Google

300 Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.2. [1700I

n^. per lb. as aforefaid, arid alfoall whale fins, oil, and blubber of Englijh charged uHtoe filing, taken in the feas of Newfoundland, or any of the feas noHoTwhale belonging to any of his Majesty’s plantations or colonies, and fins, &c. imported into this kingdom by any of his Majesty’s fubjefts in ^kenin New- Englijh (hipping, were, and are hereby declared to be free of found]and.	the fajj duties, as all fi(h of Englijh taking; the aforefaid afts,

or any thing therein contained to the, contrary, in any wife not-withnanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for opening the ancient and making any new roynes and water-- courfes in and near Sedgemore in the county of Somerfet, for rendring the (aid moor more healthful and profitable to the inhabitants.

Anno Regni GULIELMI III. undecimo.

AT the parliament begun ' at Weftminfter the four and twentieth day of Auguft, Anno Dorn. 1698. in the tenth year of the reign of our fwereign lord William the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King defender of the , &c. and from thence continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to thefixteentb day if November, 1699. being the fecond fejftonof this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

E&P.	An	aft	for	taking away the bounty money for exporting com, from the

ninth day of February, one thoufand ux hundred ninety nine, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred.

Anno Regni Gulielmi III. undecimo & duodecimo. CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by fade of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, by a land tax in England,	for the feveral purpofes therein men-

tioned. 2 s. in the pound.

WHEREAS foon after your	and	your	late	royal	con-

fort of ever blejfed memory were gracioufy pleafed to accept the crown and royal dignity of this kingdom, and dominions thereunto belonging, many of your Majejly’s	contrary	to	their	duty

and allegiance, traiteroujly adhering to your Majejly’s enemies, levied and maintained, within your realm Ireland, a	bloody

war and rebellion againjl your Majej who by the bleffutg of God upon your Majejly’s royal conduit and courage, and the ajftjlanu and very great expence of yowr Majejly s Engli(h	were	reduced

.unto

1700.] Anno urtdedmo&duodecimo GULIELMIIIL c. 2*-	30**..

unto their due obedience to the crown of England : and whereat it is highly reasonable, that the ejlates offuch rebels and traitors should be applied, in eafe of your Majejlfs faithful fubjetts of this kingdom, to the ufe of the publick: we your Majesty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons in parliament aflembled, moft humbly beieech your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed: and be it en-1 adted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every the honours, manors, baronies, caftles, lands, te-mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, fervices, re-‘nernents, &c. mainders, pofleflions, royalties, franchifes, jurifdi&ions, pri-in Ireland, vileges, and appurtances thereunto belonging, or in any wife whereof any appertaining, rights of entry, rights of adion, titles, condi- lifted oTat-tions, ufes, trufts, powers, and authorities, lcafes for life, tainted of lives, or years, pennonfc, annuities, rent-charges, and here- tteafon, Sec. ditaments, whether freehold, copyhold, or of what nature or kind foever they be, within the laid realm of Ireland* where-of any person or persons, who ftand convided or attainted of the faid high treafon or rebellion, or other treafon committed in foreign parts fince the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fince ijFeb. fix hundred eighty eight, or who (hall be convi&ed or attainted ,6M* of any fuch trealon, as aforefaid, by or before the laft day of Trinity term, which Qiall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and one, or who ftand convided or attaints ed of high treafon, by reafon of being found by inquifition to have died or been flain in adual rebellion, fince the faid thir-* teenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred eighty and or who died eight, was or were feifed or poflefled, or interefted in, or intit- in a&ual reled unto, on the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix belll0||» hundred eighty eight, or at any time fince, in their own right, or to their own ule, or whereof any other person or persons was were feifcd or or were feifed or poflefled, or interefted in, to the ufe of or in interefted in, truft for them, or any of them, on the faid thirteenth day of February, or at any time fince, or whereof the late King James or whereof the the Second, or any in truft for him, or to his ufe, was feifed or poflefled, or interefted in, at the time of his acceflion to the ^.'and all* % crown of England, and all judgments, ftatutes, recognizances, judgments, extents, mortgages, and fecurities for money, right of redemp- fecurities, tion of mortgages, or other fecurities, debts of record, and n^i^vifted other debts, fpecialties,. obligations, goods, and chattels, of ^ath<? truftecs what nature or kind foever, which any of the faid persons fo following, and convicted or attainted, or to be convi&ed or attainted, were their heirs,&c. poflefled of or interefted in, in their own right, or any other in truft for them or any of them, flood poflefled of, or interefted in on the faid thirteenth day of February, one thoufand, fix hundred eighty eight, or at any time fince, (hall be, and are hereby veftcd and fettled, and adjudged, declared, and taken to be in the a<5tual and real pofleflion and feifin of Sir Cyril Wyche knight, Francis Annejley efquire, James Hamilton efquire, John Baggs efquire, John Trenchard efquire, John IJham efquire. Hen-

n

Digitized by t^ooQle

7	3°* Attnoundfecimo &dcrodecimo Gulielmi HI. c.2; [1700;

ry Langford efquire, James Hooper efquire, John Cary gentleman, Sir Henry Sheeres knight, Thomas Harr if op efquire, William FA-, lowes efquire, and Thomas Rawlins efquire, (truftees nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities herein after enadled relating to the faid forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland) and their heirs, executors,,admi^ ftrators, and afligns refpe&ively, from the fecond day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, according to the feveral, eftates and interefts, which the faid perfpns convicted or attainted, or to be convicted or attainted, or any in truft for them,, or any of them, or to their or any'of their ufe or ufes, had therein on the faid thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred eighty eight, or at any time afterwards, or the faid late King, or any in truft lor him, had in any of the , premifles at the time of his accefliori to the crown of England, that the fam© . to the end the lame may be bargained, fold, difpofed of, and &cyfor thld* *PPbc<* bytbc faid, truftees, and tjfe furyivors of them, to and ufesinthis	\ifes, Jtttents, and.pqrpofes, as are herein after ex-

aft.	prefled, mentioned* and declared; and where any of the per-

^ftates tail fon or persons aforefeid were feifed of an eftate tail only in the Aid trTftthC ^honours, manors,, baronies, caftles, mefluages, lands, te-toVfold. nements, hereditaments, or other the premifles, either in pof-* feflion, reverflon,, or remainder, the fame are hereby enafted and declared to bi vefted in the faid truftees and their heirs, in fee Ample* to the.end the fame may be abfolutely fold and difpofed of, as a fore faid; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof ,in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And for the avoiding all grants, alienations, and difpofi-tions, at any time fince the faid thirteenth day of February,

' one thoufand fix hundred eighty eight, made or granted of the faid forfeited or forfeitable eftates or interefts, or of any other &c fince*the tbe Premi^s> or any Part °r parcel thereof, or of all or any the faki i1” ?eb;C quit rents, crown rents * compaction .rents, or chiefries belong-1688. under ing to the crown of Ireland ; be it enaCled, That all and every the great Teal, grant, demife, furrender, releafe, cuftodiam* leafe, confirmation, &c. or by aft or other alienation, or difpofition whatfoever, at any time fince in iAfendTof tbe kid thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred any of the’&id eighty eight, made or granted, or mentioned to be made or forfeited granted under the great feal of England or Ireland, .Qr feal of the eftat5s* „ Exchequer in Ireland, or by any aCt or ads of parliament in of the* laid late Ire^an^ or otherwife, of any of the faid forfeited or forfeitable K. James II. eftates or interefts, or of the eftate of the faid late King Jamtt, declared null or any part thereof, or of any the quit rents, crown rents, com-r and void. pofition rents, or chiefries, belonging to the crown of Inland, ftiall be and are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

But grantees jjj# Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained able	be conftrued or taken to make any fuch grantees, their

profits of fuch heirs, executors, admiriiftrators, or afligns, accountable for the lands, tene- rents, ifliies, and profits of any fuch honours, manors, baro-nents, &c. nies, caftles, mefluages, lands* tenements, rents, and hereditaments.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1700*] Anno undecimo& duodecimo Gulielmi III, c.2,	303

taments, by them, or any of them had, received, or taken, by or before the faid fecond day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and nine, but that they, and every of them, may have, retain, keep, and pofiefs the fame to their own ufes, as well againft your Majesty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, as a-gainft the faid truftees herein before named, and the furvivors of them, and the heirs, executors, and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, without any account to be rendred for the fame,

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority a- persons hav-Forefaid, That if any person or persons, having any eftate, ing right or right, title, or intereft, in or to any of the eftates or interefts, njtereft in any fo as aforefaid vefted in the faid truftees, before and upon the fn faid thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred eighty faid truftees, eight, or if the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns ox or if their any .fuch person or persons have or hath furrendred or releafed hrirs,&c. unto his Majesty and the late Queen, or unto his Majesty, fuch

eftate, right, title, or intereft, and fince accepted from his Ma- eftate, &c. jefty and the laid late Queen, or from his Majesty, any new and accepted grant or demife thereof, every fuch person is hereby declared to ancw £r?nth be reftored to the fame eftate, right, title, or intereft, which he	a‘^c“

might or would have had in or to fuch premifles, if no fuch reftored, &c. furrender or releafe had been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein before contained (hall Butnottopre-be conftrued to take away, impeach, or prejudice any eftate; i^lcc a?K right, title, intereft, claim or demand whatfoever, which any persons person or persons (who by virtue or in purfuance of any pretend- comprized im ed authority, power, or jurifdidion of the council board in the articles o$ Ireland, or of any commiffion under the great ftal of Ireland for Limerick or that purpofe, hath or have been adjudged to be comprized with- ° oway’ 5®^ in, or to be intitled unto, the benefit of the articles of Limerick ,

or Galloway) or the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns of any fuch person or persons had, have, hath, or may claim in, to, \ ; or out of any part of the faid forfeited or forfeitable premifles ; stnd for composing the minds of all your Majesty’s fubje&s con^-cerned therein, every fuch adjudication is hereby confirmed.

VI.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhall im- nor any per-* peach or prejudice apy property or intereft of any person or (bn’speribnal persons in or to any goods or personal chattels whatfoever, who, eftate>who in purfuance of any declaration of their Majefties, fubmitted to fubnntted,&c. their Majefties authority, by the time therein preferibed, upon

any ^flurance therein contained, to be fecured in their goods, and all their chattels perfonal whatfoever, in cafe of fuch fub-jniflion.

The reft of this at7, relating to the trufl, which is executed, is omitted.

Truftees to take the oaths i W. 8c M. (T. i. c. 8. And appoint readers,

&c. who are to take an oath, and not to purchafe any part of the pre-mifles. Truftees may meet and a& at fuch places in Ireland as they think fit, may fend for persons, writings, 8cc. and adminifter oaths. All ftierifts, bailiffs, &c. are to obey their orders. Truftees may a6t and determine by examinations on oath, &c. inform themfeives of the names of persons .

conri&ed

Digitized by

Google

Anno undcdmo & duodecimo GUlielmi IIL G.

convi&ed or attainted, and of all real and perfonal eftates, and by whom forfeited, and of all incumbrances. See. persons neglecting or refilling to appear before truftees, may be committed to the county gaoj. Officer* not obeying truftees precepts may be fined. persons making difeovery of , debts due to eonvi&ed or attainted persons, and paying two thirds thereof, (hall be discharged of the intire debt, bbt neglecting to make fuch difeovery, (hall forfeit double. Allowance for difeovery. Forfeiture on. J hegleCt. 'Truftees may make compofitlons touching fdch debts. Perfonq Who fhall difeover any real or perlonal eftate concealed, (hall have 5 s. pet pound out of fuch perfonal eftates, and out of the real eftates a like pro* portion, &c. Difcoverers names (hall be certified to the lords juftices of Ireland. Goods, chattels. See. fold by his Majesty** commiftion, (hall bt 1 good. persons not convi&ed or attainted before the iaftdayof Trinity term, 1701. (hall not be profecuted for treafon committed during the re* hellion in Ireland. All persons, except the King, and thofe claiming under him, and except the forfeiting persons, Sec* having any right, title, &c« in any the lands, tenements, See, fo vetted in the truftees, (hall by 10 Aujguft, 1700. enter their claims thereunto, or in default thereof, fuch right, title, Sec. (hall be void. Claimants (hall anfwer their claims upon oath, and produce writings and witneftes. persons concerned, refidingia England, judges there may adminifter oath. If fuch claim be not allowed oy the truftees, claimants (hall be for ever barred. Claimants making good their claims, truftees to allow thereof. Truftees (hall be a . court of record, and their judgments final. Claims allowed may be Certified by the truftees, and fuch certificate, See. (hall be allowed as evi* ' dence. No rights, Sec. fo allowed, (hall ever after be called in queftion* All conveyances of lands in Ireland, fince May, 1686. by persons fine* convidted. Sec. being private trufts, except fettlements before marriage, declared fraudulent: and no claim to be allowed thereupon. Trotted (hall before 25 March, 1701. (ell the eftates retted in them, &c. not claimed, and eftates claimed as foon as the claims (hall be determined, giving 14. days notice. Sec. -Any persons, Sec. may purchafe, 6ce.	{

Purchafcrs XXV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* having inrol- That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and cor-kd^theu* con- p°ratev and their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators juJgedVo be* and aligns, making any fuch purchafe, and having any fuch actually feifed conveyance and affurance as aforefaid, and caufing the fanie to be inrolled as aforefaid, within the fpace of fix months next afc ter the date thereof, (hall be, and is hereby adjudged to be, iri the adlual feifin and pofleffion of fuch parts or parcels of the premiffes as (hall be fo purchafed and conveyed: and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered (if need be) to iffue out their precept or precepts to the (heriffs, or other proper officer or officers, of and in the refpedhve counties, thereby commanding them to caufe poffef-fion to be delivered to fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her of their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, of to whom they or any of them (hall appoint; and all and every fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her or their heirs, fucceffors^ (ame clear of executors, adminiftrators or afligns, (hall hold and enjoy the tTf8’ ^ame ^or e^ate intereft therein refpedHvely, as (hall be date of con-* conveyed by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, in veyances. Sec. fuch indenture of bargain and fale, freed and difeharged of and ^uit rents to be from all arrears of quit rents, crown rents and chiefries, at any apportioned by tjme accrued or to grow due before the date of fuch refpe&ive a. c.T’f. u' Conveyances^ and of and from all other claims and demands of

ot the pre-mifles.

aut in >n by

and hold the

/

Digitized by Google

i?oo.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 2.	305

his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and of the faid truftees, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, and of all and every* other person and nerfons whatfoever (other than and except fuch claims and demands which (hall be allowed by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, on the determination of fuch claims as aforefaid) and alfo freed and difcharged of and from any breach of truft, which can or may be pretended to be committed by the faid truftees, in not ftridly piirfuing the powers or directions given by this ad: nCverthelefs the faid To be held of forfeited eftates (hall after fuch fale or fales thereof be held of *he Kingin the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as of his caftle of	of*

Dublin, by free and common foccage tenure, and (hall be fub- Dublin, &c. jed from the time of the date of fuch refpedive fale and conveyance* to fuch crown rents, quit rents, and chiefries iffuing thereout refpedively, as the fame were fefpedively liable to and Charged with on the faid thirteenth day of Februaryy one thou-fand fix hundred eighty eight $ all which quit rents, crown rents Crown rents, and chiefries, and all other the quit rents* crown rents* and Sec. to be for chiefries belonging to the faid crown of Ireland, on the faid t{]e fapport of thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred eighty men? of^Ire-eight, (hall for ever hereafter remain and be for the fupport land, and (half and maintenance of the government of the faid kingdom of Ire- be unalien-landy and (hall be and are hereby eroded and declared to be aWe* unalienable; and all grants, charges and incumbrances fince incumbrances the faid thirteenth day of February, made or at any time' or thereon, fince times hereafter to be made of the fame, or any part thereof, or 13 Feb* wherewith or whereby to affed, charge or incumber the fame, clared V0ld# or any part thereof, with any annuity, penfion, rent, debt, fum or fums of money, charge or incumbrance whatfoever, (hall be and are hereby enaded and declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; nevertheless it is hereby declared and enabled. That if any person or persons, who (hall Contra&ors have contracted for any fuch purchafe, (hall not within the time not paying appointed pay the fum of money contracted for, every fuch buyer (hall forfeit one fifth part of the conlideration-money con- fifth part, traded for; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, may and (hall proceed to a new fale of all and every fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments.

XXVI. Provided, That nothing in this ad contained (hall In what cafe make void any grant of any quit rents, or other rents, made in grants or a-confideration or any juft debt or debts releafed to the crown, to the full value of fuch grant, or make void any grant for re- be valid, dudion or abatement of any quit rent, where fuch abatement hath been made in confideration of the barrennefs or coarfenefs of any lands out of which fuch quit rents are iffuing, or for their better habitation or improvement.

Forfeited eftates, fubje& to debts or incumbrances, &c. may be fold. Per- g	*. c. 6.

fons pofleffed of any lands, &c. vefted in the truftees, (hall give an ac- g	3* c' * *

count thereof. Penalty. How fines, See. (hall be fued for. No prote&ion, g c*

&c. (hall hinder profecution. Truftees not accountable for any rents, &c. yy* c* g[ of the faid eftates. Purchafers of any forfeited eftates fince 13 February, '0

VOL. X,	X	268$.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

306 Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 2. [1700:

1688. difcharged of fuch part of the purchafe-money unpaid. Allowance to fuch purchafers as (hall prove payment of their money, &c. Truftees to certify the proportions, See. No allowance to be made to purchafers, who by perception of profits have been fitisfied their purchafe-money. persons having received fuch purchafe-money, liable to pay the furplus. Such as have entred on any forfeited eftates, without grant thereof, (hall anfwer the value of the profits, &c. or forfeit. But diicovering the fame, (hall be difcharged, See. The faid eftates not charged with arrears of rent. See. during the late war in Ireland. Defaulters not claiming their right. Sec. to the faid forfeited eftates, &c. rent, See. to be paid into the Exchequer, or in default forfeited. In cafe of death furviving truftees to execute this aft. Debentures, tallies, &c. (hall be taken as fterling money in pur-chafing the faid eftates. Intereft (hall be allowed on the tallies, &c. debentures, Sec. fo taken in, (hall be regiftred, and cancelled, and an account thereof tranfmitted to the Exchequer in England. Allowance of 1,5001. per annum to each of the faid truftees, payable quarterly. Officers, &c. who have taken grants of forfeited eftates in lieu of arrears, &c. and releafed his Majesty, (hall be intitled to fuch arrears, &c. as if not releafed. Truftees may convey church livings forfeited, to fuch truftees as the bi-(hop of the diocefe (hall nominate. Sec. Provifo for a grant of 1500 1. for repair of churches in Limerick. And for the grant of the earl of Romney, Sec. And for the King's grant to colonel Richard Gorges, &c. Charles lord Baltimore being outlawed by miftake may reverfe the fame. Sec. Provifo for Edward Gohegan. Claufe for felling the forfeited eltate of William late earl of Limerick, Sec. Lady Kenmare and her children, and the wife of Dudley Bagnal, not to be prejudiced j nor Anne wife of Chri-ltopher late lord Slane, of her jointure, &c. nor Sir Thomas Prendergaft, or Francis de la Rue efquire. Provifo for grants made to Dr. John Leflie, John Baker, and James Roch, for eminent fervices, Sec. and for faving the grant, &c. to Sir Chriftopher Wandesford from the natives of Idough, Sec. and the grant in truft for the children of Sir Charles Porter. Debts or monies owing to persons attainted, payable by James duke of Ormond, &c. remitted. Provifo for the portions and maintenance of the daughters of Sir Valentine Brown, Sec. Provifo for 60001, among the daughters of Calaghan earl cf Clancarty, Sec. Provifo for Dorothy baronefe dowager of Upper Oflory, &C. Commiffioners of this aft (hall be commiffioners for the aft on marriages, births, and burials, and for the duties on houfes, during the continuance of thole afts.

No member of CL. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no parliament:	member	of the houfe of commons in this prefent or any future

June,%oo.2be parliament, during the time of his being a member or parlia-acommiffion- ment, (hall from and after the faid four and twentieth day of er or farmer 'June, one thoufand feven hundred, be capable of being a com-of the excife, miflioner or farmer of the duty of excife upon beer, ale and fioner°©f^p- other liquors, or of being acommifliorier for determining appeals peals, or con- concerning the faid duty, or controlling or auditing the account trolleroraudi- of the faid duty, or of holding or enjoying in his own name, tor of the (aid or jn the name of any other person in truft for him or for his duty*	ufe and benefit, or of executing by himfelf or his deputy, any

office, place or employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting or managing the faid duty of excife.

CLI. And be it further enacted. That if any member of the houfe of commons in this prefent or any future parliament, during the time of his being a member or parliament, (hall at any time after the faid four and twentieth day of June, by him-felr or his deputy, or any other in truft for him, or for his benefit, take, enjoy or execute any office, place of employment, , touching or concerning the farming, managing or collecting

Digitized by t^ooQle

1700.] Anno undecimo& duodecimo GuliElMI III. c«3«	307

the faid duty of excife, or determining appeals concerning the Such persons faid duty, or controlling or auditing the accounts of the fame,	the

fuch person is hereby declared and enacted to be abfolutely in-jhoufe of com-capable of fitting, voting or adling as a member of the houfe mons. of commons in fuch parliament.

CLII. Provided always, and belt hereby declared, That But not to nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be conftrued difable any to extend (during the continuance of this parliament) to the j^.1'*?}[	*

difabling any person, at prefent a member of the houfe of com- junc# mons, from being concerned in the managing, farming or collecting the faid duties of excife, or in determining appeals concerning the fame, or in controlling or auditing the accounts thereof, fo as fuch person (hali not after the faid four and twentieth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred, fit, vote or act in the faid houfe; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, King’s ten-That if any tenant of his Majesty is or (hall be hereafter, by ants returned neglect or miftake, returned into his Majesty’s court of Exche- into theEx-quer, for any rent which hath been actually paid, that then and re^atuaU in every fuch cafe, on producing the receipt for the faid rentp^dffhali be from the receiver, or other proper officer, the treafurer, re- difeharged on. membrancer, clerk of the pipe, and other proper officers, are producing re^ hereby authorized and required, without fee or reward, to dif- ceiPt* charge fuch tenant’s name upon the feveral rolls where fuch rent is charged, fo that the faid rent, by neglect or miftake returned into the Exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be no more given in charge to any (heriff whatfoever.

CAP. III.

An att for laying further duties upon wrought Jilhmujlins9 and fome other commodities of the Eaft Indies, and for enlarging the time for purchasing certain reverjionary annuities therein mentioned.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

MAY it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, we your Ma- All wrought jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons	on

England in parliament affembled, as a further fupply for your J)lncb a Majesty’s occafions in this act mentioned, have cheerfully and Thisa^were unanimoufly given and granted, and do hereby give and grant prohibited (af to your Majesty the further rates, payments, duties, and fums ter expiration of money herein after mentioned. And be it enacted by the ^ hy a King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con~ % titfttfwn, fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this c.10. but the prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, That duty °f *Sl-for and upon all wrought filks, and for and upon all bengals cfnt\ onf and (luffs made of or mixed with filk or herba, of the manu- ^ntiimduZil facture of Perfia, China or the Eaji Indies, and for and upon all 1766, by i* s? calicoes painted, dyed, printed or ftained there, which from and 3* c. ir. after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven £urt1b?C du~

r v ^	v	J	,	ties laid on

A 2	hundred*

Digitized by Google

308 Anno undedmo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.3. [1700;

wrought filks, hundred, and before the thirtieth day of September, which (hall bengals, &c. jn the year Qf our Lorcj one thoufand feven hundred and one, i7Qo!to 30ar* be imPorted or brought into the kingdom of England, do-Sept. 1701. minion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy by any per-15I. percent, fon or persons, or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, there Explained as to {hall be yielded and paid to his Majesty (over and above all 1UcoeT\Tbc 1% cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions and duties already due and pay-

W.	3. c. u. f. able for the fame) a further duty after the rate or fifteen pounds x*. farther con- for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the timed by 3 & 4 fajj goods, to be afcertained as is herein after mentioned; and 6 Ann»Cc?ii. ^or anc* uPon mu^ins which from and after the faid five and and perpetuated twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred, and be-fy 7 Annas,	fore the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred

c. 7. f. 26.	and one, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom, do-

minion or town aforefaid, there (hall be yielded and paid to his •	Majefty (over and above all other duties now payable for the

^muflUisty feme) a further duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for eveiy one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the faid mu(-lins, to be alfo afcertained as is herein after mentioned.	|

II. And for the better railing, levying and fecuring the faid duties, after the rate of fifteen pounds in the hundred, it is here-Goodstobe by further enabled, That upon the importation of any fuch goods as aforefaid liable thereunto, an entry or entries thereof wherc'import- *ball be made in the cuftom-houfe where fuch goods (hall be cd.	imported, and before the	landing thereof the importer or im-

Importer to	porters of the fame (hall	give fecurity by bond, with two or

give fecurity more fafficient fureties (which the commilfioners or proper offi-o?duty!nCnt cers °f cufton^s are hereby required or impowered to take) Tbeje 1* months for payment of the faid duties after the rate of fifteen pounds in \ Enlarged to 3 the hundred upon the faid goods, as foon as the fame (hall be ye*fs **	fold, and for expofing the	goods fo imported to fale openly and

c. txlilxu 1 &*rtys by way of auftion,	or by inch of candle, within the city

of London, within the time	of twelve months after the importa-

tion thereof.

How goods III. And it is hereby ena&ed and declared, That the value (hall be valued, of the faid goods, according to which the faid rate is to be paid, (hall be reckoned according to the grofs price at which fuch

!foods (hall be fold; and that in cafe any fuch goods (hall be anded or put on (hore out of any (hip or veffel, before due entry be made thereof at the cuftom-houfe in the port or place wnere the fame (hall be imported, and the duties hereby im-

{>ofed (hall be fecured as aforefaid, or without a warrant for the anding or delivering of the fame first figned by the commiflion-ers, colle&ors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpe&ively, that all fuch imported goods as (hall be fo landed Or put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be recovered of the importer or pro-

Erietor thereof (to wit) two third parts of the fame to the ufeof is Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other third part to the ufe of fuch person or persons as will feize the faid goods, or

fue

Penalty on landing them before entry.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1700.] Anno undeclmo & duodecimo GuLIELMI III. c.$.	309^

fue for the fame, or the value thereof, by action, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protedion, or wager of law, fliall be allowed.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded, That the faid duties of Commiflion-

fifteen pounds in the hundred (hall be from time to time under ers of the the management and government of the commiflioners of the cuft®mst® cuftoms for the time being, who (hall caufe the fame to be raif- ^atjea8ge thefe ed, levied, colleded, and paid to the hands of the receiver or perpetual receivers general of the revenue of the cuftoms for the time byy Ann*, c.7. being; and fuch receiver or receivers general for the time being and part of the fliall anfwer and pay over all the monies arifing thereby (the^^*Qeo u neceffary charges of raifing, colleding, and anfwering the fame*'*g/ 3	‘

only excepted) into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for

the purpofes in this ad mentioned.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared by Goods export-the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the goods or merchandizes ed again, duty upon which the faid further duties of fifteen pounds in the hun-t0 **

dred are paid, or fecured to be paid, as aforefaid, be again exported at any time or times within twelve months after the import- «* mnths ation thereof, and that due proof be first made upon oath, that^‘eanh the goods or merchandizes, fo exported, be the fame for which /<JroTftat.i. the laid duties are paid, or fecured to be paid, as aforefaid, then c.n.f.ii. and in fuch cafe (and not otherwife) the fame duties (hall, without any delay or reward, be wholly repaid by the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuftoms for the time being, out of fuch monies as (hall be in his hands of the faid duties of fifteen percent* arifing by this ad, unto the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, making the faid exportations, or the faid fecurity •

(hall be vacated, as to fo much of the faid goods or merchandizes as (hall be fo exported; any thing in this ad, or in any former ad or ads of parliament, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded, That in cafe any Allowance on of the faid goods which (hall have been entred, and for which prompt pay-fecurity (hall have been given, as aforefaid, (hall, within the time raent. hereby limited, be fairly fold by way of audion, as aforefaid,

that then the importer paying down, in ready money, his Majesty’s faid duties of fifteen pounds per centum for fuch goods, within twenty days after fuch fale, (hall have an allowance for fuch prompt payment after the rate of five pounds for every hundred pounds of the duties fo paid.

VII.	And for the more effedual raifing the money which is neceffary for the fupply of your Majesty’s occafions before men - Contributions tioned, we your Majesty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjeds dofor annuities, cheerfully and unanimoufly grant unto your Majesty a farther

aid, to arife by contributions for annuities, to be purchafed in fuch manner as is herein after expreffed. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and persons hav-for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, having or not ingornothav-

x3

teen c*nt. per aim.

<iig oftates for lire in annuities of i+l. per

&io Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.3. {1700.

teen pounds per annum, upon the feveral ads of parliament men-

* tioned in an ad made and pafled in the parliament which was

c .5. holden at Wejlminfier, in the fixth and Seventh years of his Ma-

jefty's reign, intituled, An act for enabling fiucn per font as have

ejlates for life in annuities, payable by feveral former afts therein

mentioned, to purchafe and obtain further and more certain inter efts

in fuch annuities; and in default thereof for admitting other perfons

to purchafe and obtain the fame, for raifing money for carrying on the

ijiiy for 701. war againfi France, at any time before the fecond day of Novem-

change the	her, pile thoufand feven hundred, to contribute, advance,	and

fame into a	pay \ntQ the reCeipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, fo much	mo-

term certain	-	r	r	^	r ?

for the refidue ney as everY or anY «Jch annuity, being computed for five years,

of 96 years,	4°^ or Ihall amount unto (that is to fav) eyery fuch perfon	hav-

&c.	jng or being intitled to fuch eftate for lire, ftiall or may pay to his

Majefty’s ufe, for every one hundred pounds that was paid for the Angle life in any annuity of fourteen pounds per annum the fum of feventy pounds, for changing or converting the fame into a certain term for the refidue which (hall be then to come of 1	ninety fix years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day

of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, or for an in-tereft in fuch annuity for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to take effect after the faid eftate for life; and every person not having fuch eftate for life, (hall or may contribute or pay to his Majesty’s ufe for every one hundred pounds that was paid for the iingle life in any fuch annuity of fourteen pounds per annum, the like fum of feventy pounds for an intereft in fuch annuity for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to be charged with and fubjecfc to the prefent eftate for life of and in the lame annuities refpectively, and in the fame proportion there (hall be paid a rate pr confideration for higher or larger Unjrchafefs, pn annuities; and that all and every the person or persons fo pay-payment, in- mg the confideration money, as aforefaid, (hall immediately, titled to fuch upon payment of their monies, be intitled by this a61 to fuch annuities, &c. annujty or annuities fo tQ be purchafed, and the fame (hall be charged upon fqch refpective fund or revenue in the faid former act mentioned, as if the confideration money fo to be contributed or advanced for the fame, had been a&ually advanced or contributed within the refpective times limited by the faid former act.

Powers, &c. VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every in 6 &7 W. 3. the directions, powers, and claufes in the faid former act con-c. revived, tained, for or concerning the levying of tallies, the making forth of orders, ox for making transferences or aflignments, or for the apportioning or applying the monies arifing by the faid funds or revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, fettling, or efta-blilhing any other mattqr or thing for or in relation to the refpective annuities thereby purchafed or obtained, (hall be and are by force and virtue of this act revived, and (hall be duly observed, praCtifed, and put in execution, for or in refpect of fuch annuities as (hall be purchafed and obtained upon this act, as fully and effectually, as if the fame powers, directions, and claufes vtere here again expreffed and particularly repeated.

^	IX.	And

ijroo,] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi lit. c. 3.	311

IX.	And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afore- Dr. Allix may faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by import 5000. any warrant under his royal fign manual, to be counterfigned by ^eam °* Sreat any three or more of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, emy paper> or the high treafurer for the time being, to give licence and

power to dodtor Peter Allix, or his afligns, to import and bring into the port of London any quantity of paper, called great demy paper, to be ufed in the printing of a hiftory of the feveral councils to be fet forth by the faid dodlor Allix, not exceeding in the whole five thoufand reams, and that the quantity of paper, fo licenced, (hall and may be imported and pafled, without payment of any cuftom, fubfidy, or other duty for the fame, upon Cuftom free, the importation thereof; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas feveral persons have purchafed upon former arts feveral annuities, which were refpertively to take effert after one life, then fuppofed to he in being, for the remainder of the faid term of ninety and fix years, and at the time of the purchafe of fuch annuities*) fame of the nominees, upon whofe lives fuch annuities , depended, or were fuppofed to depend, or expert, were artually dead,

but not known to be Jo; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, On death of That in cafe it (hall appear to the lord high treafurer of England, nominee, or the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time thereverfion-being, or any three or more of them, that any fuch rever- ary annuity to fionary annuity hath been fo purchafed, as aforefaid, and at the have a new tipie of fuch refpe&ive purchafe, the nominee or nominees, ta,jey a“d upon whofe life or lives fuch reverfion or reverfions did depend order>&c# or were fuppofed to depend, or expedt, was or were actually dead, that then and in fuch cafe, the refpedlive person or persons that have fo purchafed fuch reverfion or reverfions, and his, her, or their aflignees thereof refpedfively, upon delivering up of the tallies and orders for fuch refpedtive rever-fionary annuities to the officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, fhall in lieu thereof receive from thenr^ by warrant or order from the faid lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, as aforefaid, who are hereby im-powered to grant the fame, one or more tallies or orders for the like reverfion of the fame yearly fum or annuity as is mentioned in fuch tallies or orders fo to be delivered up, expectant and to commence upon the death of a nominee and nominees who (hall be then adtually living; any thing in this or any former adt or adts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And whereas fome of the faid nominees, for whofe lives feme of the faid annuities are or have been held, cannot be found or heard of, and the parties that are or were intitled to fuch annuities do not come or fend to demand the faid annuities, whereby it is become uncertain whether fuch nominees be Hying or dead, or were fo at the time of the purchafing fuch reverfions, whereby the titles of fuch pur chafers of fuch reverfions are become and will become difputable: for remedy whereof, be it enadled*by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe

X4	any

ji2 Anno undecimo & duodecimo GulielMi III. C. 3. [iyool

any of the faid annuity or annuities (whereupon the reverfion or f . , rcverfions are or (hall be purchafed, as aforefaid) are or (hall not not demanded be demanded at the Exchequer for the fpace of two years next in z years, nor after the fame (hall become payable, and in cafe certificates of certificate pro- tfie life or lives of any nominee or nominees, upon whofc life or lives any annuities do depend, (hall not be produced to the roiaef,n0r	officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or fufficient proof made there*

f of, according to the rules prescribed by the former adts, within two years next after the faid annuities (hall from time to time become payable, then and from thenceforth, from and after the ”<?nyncc» expiration of the faid two years, fuch nominee and nominees, token to be whof$ life or lives no fuch certificate (hall be produced, or dead, and tfie proof made, (hall be taken to be dead, and the person or persons that hath or (hall hereafter purchafe fuch reverfion or reverfions of fuch annuity or annuities, expectant upon the death of fuch nominee or nominees, of whofe life or lives no fuch certificate (hall be produced, or proof made, (hall receive the faid refpeo five annuity and annuities from time to time, until fuch certificate (hall be produced, or proof made, and (hall not be accountable for fuch part of the faid annuity as he (hall then have actually received for default of fuch certificate or proof; any thing in this or in any former adt or ads of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the fourth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly and the late Sheen 4W.5fM*c*3*Mary intituled. An adt for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for (Securing certain recompences and advantages in the faid adt mentioned, to fuch persons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France, it is (amongf other things) enafted, That it Jhoill and may be lawful for any contributor, his executors*, adminiftrators, or affigns, by any writing under hand and feator by his laft will in writing, to affign or devife any one or more Jhare or jhares of the fund therein mentioned to any person or persons, and no fuch alignment to be revocable, fo as an entry or memorandum thereof be mode in the office of the auditor of the receipt within the fpace of two months after fuch alignment or death of the devifor, and upon producing fuch af fignment or will, the party is to bring an affidavit of the execution thereof to be filed, as is therein fpecified: and whereas in purfmnee fW,j. c. *4. of an aft of parliament made in the ninth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An adl for enlarging the time for purchafing certain eftates or interefts in feveral annuities therein mentioned, fevered reverfionary tallies have been finicky and orders thereupon drawn, for payment of reverfionary annuities, in the name of Richard earl of Ranelagh of the kingdom of Ireland, and by him ijfued nut to fuch ufes as in and by the faid aft is dire tied, but fome doubt arifmg whether the alignments made by the faid earl, on the back of the faid orders, be according to the form preferred by the firjl recited aft, whereby the feycral and refpeftive ajjignees may not have fuch legal titles to the fai4 tallies and orders, as by the faid lajl recited aft was intended they

purchafer of the reverfion (ball receive tj)P fame,

Digitized by Google

1700.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 3."	313

Jbould, which my obfiruft the fale or conveying away the fame, and their receiving any annuity due or to grow due thereon \ to the end therefore that all persons who now are or at any time hereafter Indorfed af-ibail or may be poflefled of or interefted in any of the faid tallies and orders, may have and be inverted in a good and lawful title ™rtonary tal-to the fame, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and lies by the earl every the faid indorfed affignments now made or hereafter to be of Ranelagb, made by the faid earl of Ranelagh, or other person or persons &c* adjudged authorized to make the fame, for conveying the faid tallies and ^Ifained by orders to fuch persons, and to fuch ufes, as in the faid recited 5Geo. 1. cl*, ad are fpecified, and all other affignments, whether indorfed or f. 8. otherwise, made by virtue of and fubfequcnt to fuch indorfed affignments, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch fub'fequent affignments be made in the faid office of the receipt, before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, (hall be and are hereby deemed and adjudged to be as good to all intents and purpofes whatfoever in law, as if each and every of the faid affignments had been executed in every particular, purfuant to the form and manner in the first above recited aft more at large prefcribed and enafted.

XIII,	And whereas feveral tickets, commonly called Malt Tickets, which are unpaid, and feveral of the bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, not difcharged, are by cafualty or mifchance, burnt, loft, or other-

wife deftroyed, it is hereby further enafted, That in all cafes, where Malt ticket* it (hall appear by affidavit to be made before any of the barons or Exchequer of the Exchequer, that any fuch ticket or tickets, or any fuch Ex- J^s ^ fliali chequer bills, as aforefaid, before the third day of April, one be paid and thoufand feven hundred, have been or are burnt, deftroyed, or difcharged. otherwife loft, it (hall and may be lawful for the refpeftive officers appointed to pay or difcharge the faid tickets or bills, upon the producing a certificate from the laid baron, of fuch affidavit made before him (which affidavit the faid barons or any of them is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to grant, without fee or reward), and on fecurity given to the faid refpeftive officers to their good liking, to indemnify them refpeftively againft all other persons whatfoever, for or concerning the money contained or fpecified in fuch ticket or tickets, bill or bills, or which was due thereon, they the faid officers refpeftively (hall, and are hereby required to pay and difcharge the faid tickets or bills, as he or they (hould have paid or difcharged the original tickets or bills, if the fame had been produced, and (hall be allowed fuch payment in their refpeftive accounts; any thing in this or any other aft contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	And whereas in and by an aft mde and pajf'ed in the eighth

year of his Majejlfs reign, intituled, An act for making good the 8 W- 3*c* deficiencies or the feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England; and for raifing the publick credit, it was amongjl other things enafted, That no af-fignment or transference, which from and after the tenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, should be made of any the

orders

3fi4 Anno undedmo & duodedmo Guuelmi IIL c. 3. [ijloo;

orders or tallies therein mentioned, or any the monies contained there-in, upon the felling, buying., or bargaining of the fame,Jhould be good, unlefs fitch alignment or transferr erne be made and ftgned, or fealed, and be, within ten days after the feigning thereof entred or regifered, and that oath be thereupon made Concerning the premium, gratuity, or confederation in the manner and form prefcribed by the fetid aft, as by the faid aft, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas the provifeon fo made concerning the fale of tallies and orders, was at the time of making thereof, and afterwards, of great feruice to the publick; but by reafon fuch tallies and orders, as aforefaid, are now generally rifen in their value and efeimationy and the faid provifeon is become needlefs, and in feme rejpefts inconvenient, be it therefore Part thereof enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the claufes of the faid repealed. alt herein recited, for or concerning the making, entring, and regiftring fuch alignments, as aforefaid, and for making oath concerning the premium, gratuity, or confideration money, as aforefaid, are and (hall be repealed and utterly void, and that all aflignments made or to be made, of or upon any the faid orders or tallies, (hall be of fuch or the like force and effelt, as the fame would have been, if the faid recited claufes concerning the fame, had not been inferted in the faid alt 5 any thing in the laid adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And whereas great numbers of the poor of this kingdom are employed in the manufafture of bone-lace: for the encouragement

Englifti bone- thereof, be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from lace, &c. may and after the first day of May, one thoufand feven hundred, it

hfto^Xmeriea an<* may	f°r Perf°ns> natives and foreign

or Scotland ers» to exPort to the Englijh plantations in America, or to any &c.	9	other parts beyond the feas, or into Scotland, all forts of Englijb

bone-lace, needle-work, point or cut-work, without paying any Cuftom free, cuftom or duty for the fame, oath being first made, that the fame was made or manufaltured within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed5 any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas tallow candles imported into this kingdom, are chargeable by feveral afts of parliament, with the fubfedies of turmage and poundage, and other impofetions, be it enaltea by the authority

Tallow can. aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of April, one thou-djes imported, fand feven hundred, the one moiety and no more of all the laid on exporta- fubfidies and impofitions, payable only for fuch tallow candles tlo^^'the6 as kc exported, according to the rules and methods by the dutie/to beC alts appointed, (hall be repaid, or difeharged upon the fecu-repaid. rity for the fame; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanaing.

Claufe of ap- XVII. And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That propnation. over an(j above the fum of twenty feven thoufand pounds, by another alt of this feffion of parliament, appointed to be paid for the ufes therein mentioned, out of the money to be advanced by farmers or contraltors for the duties of excife, and certain duties upon fait, upon a farm or contralt (if any fuch (hall be) for a term not exceeding th*ce years, “to commence from the

'	#	four

Digitized by v^-ooQle

1700.} Anno umlecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 4.'	315

four and twentieth day of June next, there (hall be and is hereby appropriated and applied out of fuch advance money a further funl not exceeding twenty five thoufand pounds, as well for difcharging one year’s intereft upon the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, upon the tickets commonly called the Malt Tickets, as alfo to go in aid of the One year’s inarrears of the late duties upon malt, to make up the fixty fifth tereft on malt payment in courfe of the malt tickets 5 that is to fay, to com- tickets, &c. pleat the fixty fifth fum of ten thoufand pounds payable thereupon j and the proper officer and officers concerned in the payment of the faid tickets, are hereby required to indorfe the intereft fo paid upon every ticket, and to keep a fair account of fuch payments in a book for that purpofe; and if any of the faid tickets, or any of the Exchequer bills, (hall be applied to the purchasing of any forfeited eftates in Ireland, the fame (hall be first tried or proved with the counterparts thereof in the re-fpedtive offices for the fame in England, apd be certified to be true bills or tickets by the proper officers there; and fuch fur- Half-pay to ther fum not exceeding twelve thoufand pounds, as fhall be g^rasnded neceflary for the difcharging the half-pay of difbanded officers,flcers* to the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, ftiall (over and above the fum of forty one thoufand pounds already appropriated for the half-pay of fuch officers) be likewife furnimed and fupplied out of fuch advance-money, to be paid by fuch farmers or contractors as aforefaid (if any fuch be) and all the reft and refidue of the faid monies to be advanced by fuch farmers or contractors as aforefaid (if any fuch be) is hereby appropriated, and (hall be applied, to and for the making good of the feveral and refpeCtive funds, and to, the fe-veral and refpeCtive ufes and purpofes, whereunto the feveral branches of the faid excife and fait duties are appropriated or directed by any aCt or aCts of parliament now in force, and in the fame proportions, order and form, as the faid duties them-(elves are hereby appropriated or applicable; any thing in this or any former aCt or aCts qf parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

AVIII. Provided always, apd be it enaCted by the authority 10,0001. to-aforefoid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord treafurer, wards the debt pr the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, [vounded^ea-or any three or more of them, and they are hereby directed, to men. pay or caufe to be paid out of the money appropriated to the ufe of the navy for this prefent year, one thoufand feven hundred, the fum of twenty thoufand pounds towards the difcharging part of the debt due for fick and wounded feamen; any thing in this pr any other aCt to tfie contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

An all for the further preventing the growth of popery.

WHEREAS there has been of late a much greater refort into this kingdom than formerly of popijh bijhops, priejls and jefu-its, and they do very openly, and in infolent manner, affront the laws, (ind daily endeavour to pervert his Majejly s natural-bgrn fub]e5ts, 6	'	which

Digitized by L,ooQle

$1$ Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.4« [1700.’

which has been occaftoned by negleft of the due execution of the laws already in force : for preventing the further growth of popery, and of fuchtreafonable and execrable deftgns and confpiracies againjl his Ma-jefly's person and government, and the ejlablijbed religion, as have lately , as Well as frequently heretofore, been brought to lights and happily defeated by the wonderful providence*of God; be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembl^d, and by authority of the fame, tool, reward That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, one f HhWih* P°* thoufand and fcven hundred, all and every person and persons, priefi or jefuit, w^°	apprehend and take one or more popifh bifhop, prieft

See. convicted * or jefuit, and profecute him or them fo apprehended and taken, of faying mafi, until he or they be convided of faying mafs, or of exercifing ^c#	any other part of the office or fundion of a popifh bifhop or

pneft within thefe realms, (hall have and receive from the fhe-riff or fheriffs of the county where fuch convidion (hall be made (without paying any fee for the fame) for every fuch offender fo convided, the fum of one hundred pounds within four months after fuch convidion, and demand thereof made, by tendring a certificate to the faid fheriff or fheriffs, under the hand or hands k* 1Pa.^ hY of the judge or juftices before whom fuch convidion fhall be the men >&c« mac|Cj certifying the convidion of fuch popifh bifhop, prieft or jefuit, and alfo that fuch popifh bifhop, prieft or jefuit, popifh bifhops, priefts or jefuits, was or were taken by the person or In|<>f dif- persons claiming the faid reward: and in cafe any difpute fhall S^iifethere- happen to ar^e between the persons fo apprehending any popifh ward,fudge to hifhop, prieft or jefuit, touching their right and title to the faid proportion the reward, that then the faid judge or juftices fo refpedively certi-fame.	tying as aforefaid, fhall in and by their faid certificate dired and

appoint the faid reward to be paid unto and amongft the parties claiming the fame, in fuch fhare and proportion as to the faid judge or juftices fhall feemJuft and reafonable ; and if it fhall happen any fuch fheriff or fheriffs fhall die, or be removed, before the expiration of four months after fuch convidion and demand made of the faid reward (not being paid as aforefaid) that then the next fucceeding fheriff or fheriffs of the faid county (hall pay the fame, within two months after demand, and cer-Penaltyon tificate brought as aforefaid; and if default of payment of the hISsMfaid fum or lums of money fhall happen to be made by any fhe-0 riff or fheriffs, fuch fheriff or fheriffs, fo making default, (hall forfeit to the person or persons to whom fuch money is due as aforefaid, two hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, in any of his Maje-fty’s courts of record at Wejlminjlery by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein but one imparlance, and no efloin, pro-tedion or wager of law fhall be allowed, with full cofts of fuit by him or them expended in the recovery of the fame.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded. That all fheriffs, their fucceffors, executors or adminiftrators, upjop producing fuch re-fpedive certificates, or a duplicate or duplicates thereof, fhall

have

Sheriffs to be repaid by the treafury.

Digitized by Google

1700.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. C.4*	317

have the monies contained in fuch certificate paid to them by the lord treafurer, or commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, out of the revenue of the crown.

III.	And for a further remedy againft the growth of popery, over and beyond the good laws already made, be it further en-

afted by the authority aforefaid. That if any popifli bilhop, Penalty on prieft or jefuit whatfoever, (hall fay mafs, or exercife any other popifli bilhop, part of the office or function of a popifli bifliop or prieft within pneft,'&c. fty-thefe realms, or the dominions thereunto belonging, or if any in^ mafs,&cl papift, or person making profeflion of the popifli religion, (hall keep fchool, or take upon themfelves the education or govern- or keeping ment, or boarding of youth in any place within this realm, or fchool, &c. the dominions thereto belonging, fuch person or persons being thereof lawfully convi&ed, that then every fuch person (hall on fuch convidtion be adjudged to perpetual imprifonment, in fuch place or places within this kingdom, as the King by advice of his privy council (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it alfo further enabled by the authority aforefaid, papifb not

That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, taking the which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- oaths 6 dred, if any person educated in the popifli religion, or profefling ™ontb8 af^cr the fame, (hall not within fix months after he or (he (hall attain	°

the age of eighteen years, take the oaths of allegiance and fupre-

macy, and alfo fubferibe the declaration fet down and expreft in an adl of parliament made in the thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An a£t for the more joCar.a.fiats. effectual prejerving the King's person and government, by difabling papijls from fitting in either houfe of parliament, to be by him or her made, repeated and fubferibed in the courts of Chancery or King's Bench, or quarter feffions of the county where fuch person (hall refide, every fuch person (hall in refped of him or her-felf only, and not to or in refpedt of any of his or her heirs or pofterity, be difabled and made incapable to inherit or take by incapable to defeent, devife or limitation, in pofleflion, reverfion or remain- inherit any der, any lands, tenements or hereditaments, within the king- lands> &c*. dom of England, dominion of Wales> or town of Berwick upon teinVapr^-Tweed: and that during the life of fuch person, or until he or font, toenjoy (he do take the faid oaths, and make, repeat and fubferibe the the fame, laid declaration in manner as aforefaid, the next of his or her kindred, which (hall be a proteftant, (hall have and enjoy the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, without being accountable for the profits by him or her received dunng fuch enjoyment thereof as aforefaid: but in cafe of any wilful wafte committed on the faid lands, tenements or hereditaments, by and not ac-the person fo having or enjoyiqg the fame, or any other by his countable. Sec+ or her licence or authority, the party difabled, his or her exe-	wd“

cutors and adminiftrators, (hall and may recover treble damages Explained by for the fame, againft the person committing fuch wafte, his or 3 Geo.i. c.iS* her executors or adminiftrators, by a&ion of debt in any of his f. 4. Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter \ and that from and after the tenth day of Aprils which (hall be in the year of our Lord

one

Digitized by Go< e

incapable to purchafe lands, &c.

318 Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.4. [1700.

Papift, &c. one thoufand feven hundred, every papift, or person making profeflion of the popilh religion, (hall be difabled, and is hereby made incapable, to purchafe, either in his or her own name, or in the name of any other person or persons, to his or her ufe, or in truft for him or her, any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, terms or hereditaments, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that all and Angular eftates, terms, and any other interefts or profits whatfoever out of lands, from and after the faid tenth day of Aprils to be made, fuffered or done, to or for the ufe or behoof of any fuch person or persons, or upon any truft or confidence, mediately or immediately, to or for the benefit or relief of any fuch person or persons, (hall be utterly void and of none effect, to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes whatfoever.

________________ V.	Provided	always.	That	nothing	in	this	adl	contained	frail

tend to popiih be conftrued to extend to any popifh prieft foriaying mafs, or pnrft	officiating	as	a	prieft,	within	the	dwelling-houfe	of any foreign

foreign mini- m*nifter refiding here, fo as fuch prieft be not one of his Maje-ller's houfe, fo (ty’s natural-born fubjedts, nor naturalized within any of his as he be not kingdoms or dominions, and fo as the name of fuch prieft, and the place of his birth, and the foreign minifter to whom he (hall belong, be entred and regiftred in the office of the principal fe* cretary of ftate.

VI. And whereas by an aft made in the third year of King James the FirJij intituled, An a6l to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow bv pcfpifh recufants, whofoever Jhall be convitted of fend-itig, or caujtng to be fent9 any child, or any other person under their government, into parts beyond the feas out of the King's obedience, to the intent that fuch child or person Jo fent should be educated in the rami Jb religion, contrary to the faid act, is to forfeit one hundredpounds, one half to the King9s majejly> and the other half to him that Jhall fue for the fame: for the greater encouragement and reward of thofe who (hall difeover fuch offenders, be it enadted by the authori-viaed of fend- ty aforefaid, That the faid fum of one hundred pounds.fhall be ing child, &c. to the foie ufe and benefit of him or her who (hall difeover and beeducatedin conv^ anY Perf°n fo offending, to be recovered in fuch manner theRomifh re- as in the faid recited adt is enadled, any thing in the faid ad to ligion, to for- the contrary notwithftanding.

feitiooL	VII.	And	to	the	end	that	the	proteftant	children	of	popifli

parents may not in the life-times of fuch their parents, for want of fitting maintenance, be neceflitated, in compliance with their parents, to embrace the popilh religion, contrary to their own Popifh parent inclinations ; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from refufmg to al and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thou&nd his £rc£e‘ feven hundred, if any fuch parent, in order to the compelling fitting	hi?	,or	her	proteftant	child	to	change	his	or her religion,

nance, on inall refufe to allow fuch child a fitting maintenance, fuitableto complaint the degree ar.d ability of fuch parent, and to the age and educa-thereof, lord tion 0f fuch child, then upon complaint thereof made to the to make°order *or<* chancellor of England\ or lord keeper of the great feal, therein.	&

A6t not to ex-

King’s natural bom fub-jedt, &c.

3Jac. 1. c.5.

Perfon con-

Digitized by Google

1700.] Aniio undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. 0.5,6. 319

or commiflioners for the great feal for the time being, it (hall be. lawful for the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners, to make fuch order therein as (hall be agreeable to the intent of this aft.

CAP. V.

An act for the repair of Dover harbour. From i May, 1700. to x May,

1709* Duty to be paid for all (hips, See. from 20 to 300 tuns, for every loading and difeharging in England, for, from, to, or by Dover, &c. 13 & 14.Car. 2. . towards repair of the harbour, 3d. per tun. Aliens the like. Coals to c. 27. pay three halfpence per chaldron. Grindftones three halfpence per tun. Continued ty 9 Number of tuns to be made from entiy of goods. No goods to be en- Geo. 1. c. 30. tred till oath made of (hip's burthen, «c. Receivers of the monies to f. 1. to May, keep account thereof, and pay the fame once a month to the cafliier of 1744. andfur-the cuftoms at London, &c. who is to pay the fame to the treafurer of tber continued Dover harbour, to be expended in repair of the faid harbour. No coafter/or 21 years by or fiflierman to pay but once a year. Warden, &c. to caufe the repair n Geo. z. c. 7. of the harbour to be fet upon, and give order therein, &c. Treafurer may convey the duties for five years, for 60001. to be lent at 61. per cent. persons disburfing monies for repair of the harbour, to be accountable on oath. Account to remain in the navy office. If the harbour be fufficiently repaired within the time limited, collection to ceafe. Ships belonging to Weymouth, &c. exempted, as alfo Great Yarmouth, and Ramlgate.

CAP. VI.

An act to  enable his Majesty's natural-born fubjefts to inherit the eftate of their anceftors, either lineal or tollateral, not-withftanding their father or mother were aliens.

WHEREAS divers persons, born within the King’s dominions, are difabled to inherit and make their titles by defeent from their ancefttrrs, by reafon that their fathers or mothers, or fome other anceftor (by whom they are to derive their defeent) was an alien, and not born within the King’s dominions: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authori- . ty of the fame, That all and every person or persons, being the the King’s natural-born fubjeft or fubjefts within any of the King’s realms or dominions, fhall and may hereafter lawfully inherit and be inheritable as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent, from any of their anceftors lineal or King's natu-collateral, although the father or mother, or fathers or mothers, rai-born lub-or other anceftor of fuch person or persons, by, from, through, jefts fhall inhe-or under whom he, fhe, or they fhall or may make or derive ™ honours* their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or fhall be manors,°&c/ born out of the King’s allegiance, and out of his Majesty’s realms though their and dominions, as freely, fully, and effeftually, to all intents parents were and purpofes, as if fuch father or mother, or fathers or mothers, ^Kir^do or other anceftor or anceftors, by, from, through, or under minions’ &c." whom he, fhe, or they fhall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalized, or natural-born fubjefts, or fubjefts within the King’s dominions $ any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

1	CAP.

320 Anno undecimo & duodecimo GULIELMI III. c. 7. [I760.

CAP. VII.

An act for the more effeftual fupprejfton of piracy. *8Hen.8.c. 15. TT 7HEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the twenty eighth SSL* VV year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, it is enabled,

* That treafons, felonies, robberies, murders,	confederacies com-

mitted on the fea, Jhall be enquired of, tried, and determined according to the common courfe of the laws of this land ufed for fuch offences upon the land within this realm; whereupon the trial of tnofe offenders before the admiral, or his lieutenant, or his commiffary, hath been altogether difufed: and whereas, that fence the making of the /aid alt, and efpecially of late years, it hath been found by experience, that per-fons committing piracies, robberies, and felonies on the feas, in or near the Eaft and Weft Indies, and in places very remote, cannot be brought to condign punijhment without great trouble and charges in fending them into England to be tried within the realm, as the faid featute directs, infomuch that many idle and profligate per Jons have been thereby encouraged to turn pirates, and betake themfelves to that fort of wicked life, trufeing that they Jhall not, or at leafe cannot eafily, be quefeionedforfuch their piracies and robberies, by reafon of the great trouble and expence that will necejfarily fall upon fuch as Jhall attempt to apprehend and pro-fecute them for the fame: and whereas the numbers of them are oflaU very much increafed, and their infolencies fo great, that unlejs feme fpeedy remedy be provided to fupprefs them, by a ferift and more eofy way for putting the ancient laws in that behalf in execution, the trade and navigation into remote parts will very much feuffer thereby; be it therefore declared and ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-How and fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all piracies, where pira- felonies, and robberies committed in or upon the fea, or in any cies, felonies, haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals ted on The'fea ^ave Power> authority, or jurifdidtion, maybe examined, in-TOay°be tried? flu^re^ of, tried, heard, and determined, and adjudged, according to the diredfcions of this adt, in any place at fea, or upon the land, in any of his Majesty’s iflands, plantations, colonies, dominions, forts, or fadfories, to be appointed for that purpofe by the King’s commiflion or commiffions under the great feal of England, or the feal of the admiralty of England, diredted to aH By 4. Geo. x. or any of the admirals, vice-admirals, rear-admirals, judges of 7’	vice-admiralties, or commanders of any of his Majesty’s (hips

zamtl ^hi^aSt war> anc* a^° t0 or any Per^on or Perfcms, officer or may be tried as officers, by name, or for the time being, as his Majesty (hall dire&ed by think fit to appoint; which faid comnqiffioners (hall have full 28 H. 8. c. 15. power jointly or feverally, by warrant under the hand and feal of them, or any one of them, to commit to fafe cuftody any person or persons, againft whom information of piracy, robbery, or felony upon the fea, (hall be given upon oath (which oath they or any one of them (hall have full power, and are Admiralty hereby required to adminifter) and to call and aflemble a court court to con* of admiralty on fhip-board, or upon the land, ^hen and as

often

Digitized by

Google

>700.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 7.	$11

often as occafion (hall require 5 which court (hall confift of fe- fd* <?f fcve* ven persons at the lead.	perions.

II.	And if fo many of the persons aforefaid cannot conveni*	v

cntly be aflembled, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any three of the aforefaid persons (whereof the pre-

fident or chief of fome Englijb factory, or the governor, lieutenant governor, or member of his Majesty’s councils in any of the plantations or colonies aforefaid, or commander of one of his Majesty’s (hips, is always to be one) (hall have full power and authority, by virtue ot this a<ft, to call and aflemble any other persons on (hip-board, or upon the land, to make up the number of fevetl.

III.	Provided, That no persons but fuch as are known mer- P^rfens quail,

chants, fadtors, or planters, or fuch as are captains, lieutenants,	*****

or warrant officers in any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, or cap- ’ tains,-matters, or mates of fome Englijb (hip* (hall be capable

of being fo called, and fitting and voting in the faid court*

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That fuch Power of c6\ir% persons, called and aflembled as aforefaid, (hall have full power f° called in and authority, according to the courfe of the admiralty, to ifliie &c. ° Warrants for bringing any persons accufed of piracy or robbery, , l>efore them to be tried, heard, and adjudged ; and to fummon witnefles, and to take informations and ^xaminations^W' wit-

nefles upon their oath; and to do all things neceffary for the hearing and final determination of any cafe of piracy, robbery, and felony; and to give fentence and judgment of death, and to awardexecution of the offenders convietted and attainted as afore-feld, according to the civil law, and th£ methods and rules of the admiralty; and that all and every person and persons fo convicted and attainted of piracy or robbery, (hall have and fuffer fuch Ioffes of lands, goods, and chattels, as if they had been attainted and convicted of any piracies, felonies, and robberies according to the aforementioned ftatute made in the reign of King Hairy the Eighth.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- King’s com* rity aforefaid, That fo foon as any court (hall be aflembled, as miflion to bq aforefaid, either on (hip-board or upon the land, the King’s fad read, commiflion (hall first be openly read, arid the faid court then

and there (hall be folemnly and publickly called and proclaimed;

and then the prefident of the court (hall, in the first place, pub- Prefident to

lickly in open court take the following oath, viz.	lowing-oatb*

I A. B. do jwear in the prefence of Almighty God, That I will truly and impartially try and adjudge the pr if oner or prif oners which JhaU be brought upon bis or their trials before this court, and honejily and duly, on my part, put his Majejiys cemmijfion for the trying of them in execution, according to the bejl of my Jkill arid knowledge; and that 1 have no interejl, dir eft ly or indireftly, in any Jhip or goods, for the piraticaUy taking of which any person ftands accufed, and is now to b$ fried:

^phelpmeGodT

'-IPA.X.	VI.	Ao4

Digitized by uooQle

> .

$22 Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 7. [1700.

And then to VI. And he having taken the oath in manner aforefaid, (hall ^metolthethC immcc^atety adminifter the fame oath to every person who (hall otfier mem- an<* ^ave and give a voice in the faid court upon the trial of bers.	fuch prisoner or prifoners, as aforefaid ; and immediately $here-

How prisoners upon the faid prisoner or prisoners (hall be formally brought be-

brou ^ht be ^ore t^em > an^ t^len t*ie rcg^er °f the faid court (hall openly fore them and and diftindUy read the articles againft fuch prisoner or prifoners, tried.	upon which they or any of them ts or are to be tried';* wherein

(hall be fet forth the particular fadl or fadts of piracy, robbery, and felony, with the time and place when and where, and in what manner it was committed ; and then each prisoner (hall be afked, whether he be guilty of the faid piracy and robbery, or felony, or not guilty ? whereupon every fuch prisoner (hall immediately plead thereunto, guilty, or not guilty, or elfe it (hall be taken as confefled, and he (hall fuffer mch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods, an<J chattels, and in like manner, as if he or they had been attainted or convidted upon the oath of wit-Prifonm nefles, or his own confeflion; but if any prisoner (hall plead not pleading not guilty, witnefles (hall be produced by the regifter, and duly i neffes lhall he ^vorn an<* examined openly, viva vocey in the prifoner’s preexamined fence ; and after a witnefs hath anfwered all the queftions pro-viva voce. pofed by the prefident of the court, and given his evidence, it (hall sura may be lawful for the prisoner to have the witnefs crofs-examined, by first declaring to the court what queftions he would have a(ked, and thereupon the prefident of the court (hall interrogate the witnefs accordingly ; and every prisoner (hall have lir berty to bring witnefles for nis defence, who (hall be fwom,and examined upon oath, as the witnefles were that teftified againft him; and afterwards the prisoner (hall be fairly heard what he can fay for himfelf; all which being done, the prisoner (hall be taken away and kept in fafe cuftody, and all other persons, ex- \ cept the regifter, (hall withdraw from the faid court, and then j the court (mil confider of the evidence which hath been given, I and debate the matters and circumftances of the prifoner’s cafe, and the prefident of the court (hall collect all the votes of the persons who do fit and have voices in the faid court, beginning at the junior firft, and ending with himfelf; and according to the plurality of voices, fentencc and judgment (hall be then given and pronounced publickly in the prefence of the prisoner or How fentence prifoners, being called in again ; and according to fuch fentence cutcd6CXC* anc* Ju^8ment Perf°n or persons attainted (hall be executed cu e *	and put to death, at fuch time, in fuch manner, and in fuch

place upon the fea, or within the ebbing or flowing thereof, as the prefident or the major part of the court, by warrant directed to a provoft marfhal (which the prefident or faid major part (hall have power to conftitute) (hall appoint.

Regifter of the	VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ,

court to be a That fome person, being a publick notary, (hall be regifter of publtckno- t^e court 5 and jn cafe 0f hi* abfence, death,, or incapacity, or for want of a person fo qualified, the prefident of the court (hall and may appoint a regifter, giving him an oath (which he is

hereby 1

1700.*} Anho undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.7.	323.

h^by impowere^to adirtinHlcr) duly^ faithfully, and impartially to execute his office; which regifter (hall prepare all warrants and articles, and take care to provide all things reqtiifite for aily trial, according to the fubftantial and efiential parts of prdceedings in a court of admiralty, in the mod furtimary way; and (hall take mifiutes of the whole proceedings, and enter theifr duly in a book by hitn to be kept for that purpofe; and (haH from time to tiine, as Opportunity offers, tranfmit the fame* *

"with the copies of all articles and judgments given in any fuch

cafesj in any cbuit whereof he (hall be regifter, unto the high	^

court of admiralty of England.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by "the authority aforefaid, fub- ; That if any of his Majesty’s natural-born fubje&s, or denizens of this kingdom, (hall commit any piracy or robbery, or anypi^yon® a<ft of hoftility , againft others his Majesty’s fubjeCts upon the others of the fea, Under colour of any commiflion from any foreign prince of King’s Cub* ftate, of pretence of authority from any person whatfoever, fuch front ♦offender and offender^, and every of them, (hall be deemed, ad- any foreign judged, and taken to be pirates, felons, $nd robbers'; and they prince, (halt and every of them being duly convi<5ted thereof, according t6 be adjudged this aCt, or the aforefaid ftatutc of King Henry the Eighth, mail have and (uffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods, 2nd ^ath# chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the feas'ought to have and fuffer.

IX; And be it further enaCted, That if any commander or Commander matter of any (hip, or any feaman or mariner, (hall, in any °r mariner place where the admiral hath iurifdiCtiori, betray his truft, and JJ™ ^ig tnl^ turn pirate, enemy, or rebel, and piratically and felonioufly or turn pirate, run away with his or their (hip or (hips, or any barge, boa% &c. ordnance, ammunition, goods, or merchandizes, or yield them up voluntarily to any pirate, or (hall bring any (educing meffage9 from any pirate, enemy, or rebel, or confult, combine, or confederate with, or attempt or endeavour to corrupt any commander, matter, officer;, or mariner to yield up or run away with anjr lhip, goods, or merchandizes, or turn pirate, or go over to pirates, or if any person (hall lay violent hands on his commander, or person lay* whereby to hinder him from fighting in defence of his (hip and ing violent 7 gobds committed to his truft, or that (hall confine his matter, hands on his or make, or endeavour to make a revolt in the (hip, ftiall be ad-judged, deemed, and taken to be a pirate, felon, and robber, adjudged a pi-and being conviCled thereof, according to the directions of this rate, and fuf-aCt, (hall have and fuffer pains of deaths lofs of lands, goods, ter death, and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the feas ought to have and fuffer. *

X. And whereas feveral evil-difpofed persons, in the plantations and elfewhere, have contributedvhy much towards the intredfe arid encouragement of pirates, by fet ting them forth, and by aiding, abetting, receiving, and concealing them and thetr, goods, ana there being fome defetfs in the Jaws for bringing fuch evtl-difpofed persons to condign pumjhment; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every person and perfon^ whatfoever; who, after the twenty persons fettlnj -	Y	2,	#imh	forth> w aid-

Ifiall be adjudged accessaries.

How aceefla-ries (hall be tried.

$24 £nno undccimo & dpgdecimo	III.	C.y.	{iyoqi

ing or afllfting ninth day of September, in the year of pi# Lord one thoufand anypirate,&c. jfeven hundred, (hall either on the l^nd^.or upon the feas, knowingly or wittingly let forth any pirate* fit aid and aflift, or maiiy faio, procure, .carngi^nd, counfel or advife any person or per-fons whatfoever, to, do or commit any .piracies otrobberfes upon the feas, and fuch person and perfops fhall thereppoydo or jcommit any fuch piracy or robbery, thep afj and every fuch perr fan or persons whatfoever, fo as aforefaid fettipg forth any pfratc^ or aiding, affifting, msunjaming, procuring, commanding, cpuiv-felling or advifmg the fame, either pn the land or upon the {hall be and are hereby declared, and fhall be deemed and ad*-judged to be acceflary to fuch piracy and robbery done and committed; and further. That after any piracy or robbery is or fhaH be committed by any pirate or robber whatfoever, every perfop and persons, who knowing that fuch pirate or robber has done or committed fuch piracy and robbery, mall, on the land or upr The like for on the fea, receive, entertain or conceal any fuch pirate or rob-concealiug pi- ber? or receive or take into his cuftody any fbip, veflei, goodp rate, c. or chattels, which have been by. any £uch pirate or robber pir ratically and feionioufly taken, (hall be and are hereby likewife declared, deemed and adjudged to be acqeflary to fuch piracy and robbery; and that after the faid nine and twentieth day <£ Septembery all fuchl acceffaries to fuch piracies and robberies fhajl and may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged after the common cowrie of the ktws of this land, according to the faid ftatute made in .th^ twenty eighth year of King Henrj the Eighth, as the principals of fuch pieties ynd robberfes mgy and ought to be, and no otherwise; ap4 being thereupon attainted, (hall fqffer fuch ppins of death, , Iqfies. of lands, gpodp ^ndfhattels, apd in lfke manner, as the principals of fuch.pir racies, robberies and felonies ought to fuffer, according tp the faid, ftatute of King Henry the Eighth, which is hereby declared tp be and continue ip full fprce; any thing k in this prefeat a& contained to the contrary nptvj?it.h^andipg.

XL And forafmuch as it will alfc conduce to thefuppreffing ofrobr bcries on the fea* if due encouragement be given, and rewards allow-'	'	edy to fiuh commanders, maflers* and other officers, feamen, and roor

rinersy. as Jball either bravely ^f end their w#i flips, or take, jei%e and defray pirates, fea rovers* qnd enemies -;;jhe if, further ena6fed Encourage- by the authority aforefaid. That when apy	fhip	(hall	have

•mentforcom- been defended againft any pirates, enemies, or fea rovers by man ersan figj^ and brought tp he;c de%nedport, in which fight any of the officers or feamen Ihpll have been Ifilied or wounded, it feajl and may be lawful to and for the judge of his Majesty’s high court ot admiralty, or, his furrpgate in the port of London, or the mayor, bailiff, or chief officer m the feyerai out-ports of this kingdom, upon the petition of the mafterpr feamen of fuch (hip, fo defended as aforefaid, to call unto him four or more good and fohftantial merchants, and fuch as .are no adventurers or owners of the (hip or goody fo defended, atyi have no manner pfin-teveft tterein, and hyvadv^ce with th<m to ra|fejm4>vy upop ............................'	:	"	1	c	J	thoi

mariners to defend their (hips againft pirates. See.

Digitized by v^ooQle

iym] Anno undedirfd^& duodecimo Gmjelmi III. <*7.	p.§

the	adventurers	and	owners	of	the	(hip	arid	gdods lb

defended*, by procefs owr of the faid courtj' foCh‘ fum or fume of money as himfelf and the faid merchants,, by plurality of voices^ feall; determine and judge reafonable* nbt exceeding two pounds per centum of the freight, and of the (hip amf goods fo defended* according tb the first coft9 of the goods i whichfum ot fume of money fo railed, (hall be diftributed among thecaptain, mailer,

Offtcers, and feamen of the faid (hip* orwidbws and children of -thefbtirr, acco?dmgi» thudifeftionof the judge of thefaid court, or his ftrrrogate in the port oi Landing m the mayor, bailiff Of chief officer in the feveral out-ports of this kingdotn, w^h the approbation of the merchants aforefaid, who (hall proportion the feme, according fo tHdr befe judgmem^tintb the ftip's crimpa-wj as aforefaid, having fpecial regard ilrio the widows and chits-dren of fuch as (hall have been ilarii in thrit fervice, and fuch a$ have been wounded; or maimed.	>.

XII; And for the better and more eflfedual prevenltfion of combinations and confederacies for the running away with or deftmyirig of any^'ihi^f-goods or'merchandises; be it further enafted by the afuthority aforefaid, Thar a reward of ten poimdk Reward-to for every (hip or veffel of one hundred thror or under, and fif- ^y°c^fbina teetr pounds for every (hip or vcflel of a greater burthen, (hall tion for run-* be paid by the captainr commander, or mallet1 of every (hip or ning away vdfel^ wherein any fudhrcombiriation or confederacy (hall be fet wfch (h*Pi on^foOVfor the running: a way with or deftroying any fuch (hips or the goods and merchandizes theTeito Itufeil; to fuch perfbn as {ball first make « difcbvdry thereof, lupphdteeprdef of foch cocrr-binritkm or confederacy* the fame to.be pfeSd atr the port where and how tot* the wages'of the fearhen>of the faidfhip ate or ought to be paid, paid. /	*

after* .fuch difeovery and proof made.	,	.

**; XIII; Provided alfo. That this aft (hall be in force for (even Aft to be in years, and toT the end of the next feffion of parliament after-the force for 7 'expiratfon of the fiud feven years, and po longer.	#	-	years*

XIV.	Arid for the more effeftual prbfecution and- ponifhmerit Made perpetual of piracies, felonies and robberies upon the fea, and of all other h 6 ^eo-I# offences aforementioned ; be it declared and' enafted by the au- %rCed fy^Gta, thorityaforefaid. That* the commifllona^s'appointed, or to heap-c. *4.	-

pointed by the aforementioned ftatute of King Henry the Eighth* Commifflon- * or the commiffionOrs-for^trial of pirates appointed by this aft, frs»&c*

(hall, from and after the faid nine and twentieth day of Septem- try th^atoe-? fier9 one thoufahd fev&v huhtfred,- have theffole power and au- faid crimes i* thority of trying, hearing, and determining the faid crimes and all the colo-offerices, within all or any of the cakmifes and plantations in ™es, &c-ia America, governed by proprietors, or under grants or charters America, from the crown, and of bringing the offenders to condign pu-nifhment; and (half and m^y ilfue forth their warrant or war-	1

rants for the feizing and apprehending of any pirates, felons, or robbers upon the fe3,. or their confederates or acceffaries, being within any of the faid colonies and plantations, in order to their being brought to trial .within the fame, or any other plantation in America, according to this aft, or fent into England to be tried

Y3	there	*

obedience to

326 Anno undechno & duodecimo GulielMI III. c. 7. {1700. Governors of there; artd that all and every governor and governors, person C to°" Per^ns in authority in the laid colonies and plantations go-affift coronuf- yenned hy proprietors, or under charters as aforefaid, (hall aflift fioners, &c. the cpmmiffioners and their fu^ordipate officers in doing their duty, and alio in the execution of fuch warrants and otberwife, and deliver up and lhall deliver up to fuch commiflioner or cpmmiffioners, of-pirates, &c. £Cer or officers, any pirates, felons and robbers upon the lea, and their confederates and acceflaries, in order to their being tried or fent into England as aforefaid; any letters patents, grants or charters of government,, in and about the laid plantations, or other ufages heretofore had or made' to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Penalty on go- XV, And be it hereby further declared and enacted, That if yernor, &c. any of the governors in the laid plantations, or any perlbn or not yielding 'perfons in authority rhere, lhall refufe to yield obedience to this ad, fuch refufal is hereby declared to be a forfeiture of all and every the charters granted for the government or propriety of fuch plantation.

How commit"-	Xyi. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore*

Aon* for try- faid. That whenfbeyer any caitimiffion for the trial and punifh-5ng of offence* mentpf the offences aforefaid, or any of them, lhall be directed rHdi&ionof" Dr f£nt to any place within the jurifakSion of the cinque ports, ghe cinque that then every fuch commiffion lhall be direded unto the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, or to his lieutenant, and unto fuch other persons as the lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great leal of England for the time being, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great foal, lhall name and appoint ; and likpwifo that every inquifltion and trial, to be had by virtue of fuch commiffion fo direded and font to any place in the faid cinque ports, lhall be made and had by the inhabitants of the faid cinque ports, or the members of the fame; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof notwithfhnding. I

XVII.	And	for the prevention deferttng of merchant

Jbips abroad in parts beyond the	is the chief	of

their turning pirated and of great detriment to trade end navigation in general5 be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all,fuch feamen, officers or Tailors, who lhall defert the fhips or veffels _ . wherein they are hired to ferve for that voyage, lhall for fuch F1t°offence forfeit all fuch wages as lhall be-then due to him or ynges. them.	'

_	*	XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

maftwScc. That in cafe any mailer of a merchant Ihip or veflel lhall, after forcing fea- the nine and twentieth day of	,	oqe thoufand and feven

pien on fhdre, hundred, during his being abroad, force any man on (hore, or er refufing to wilfully leave him behind in any of his Majefly’s plantations, or home h*m elfewhere, or lhall refufe to' bring home with him again all fuch 4. Anh. c. 34.. of the men which he carried out with him, as are in a condition 1 Geo. 1. clt j. to return, when he lhall be ready to proceed in his bomeward-5 Geo. 1. c. 8. bound voyage, every fuch mailer lhall, being thereof legally I Geo. 1. c. 19- convided, fuffer three months imprifonmerit without bailor .mainprise.	 ‘

*	£ Aft

mque port* Mil bp fiire&cd,

tyon ipad$.

Seamen dp-ferting mcr-

j

Digitized by

Google

1700.] Anno uridedrao & duodecimo GulielMi IIJ. c.8,9. 327

. „ ' cap. vm.

An a£l for the appointing commiflioners to take, examine and determine Revived by the debts due to the army, navy, and for tranfport fervice, and alfo an i Anns, ft. a. account of the prizes taken during the late war. E XP.	c.	so. for two

CAP. IX.	ytaru

At aft for preventing of frivolous and vexatious fuits in the principality of Wales, and the counties palatine.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft made in the twenty fuond%*	Car.*.

and twenty third years of King Charles the Second, intituled, c.9, f. 136. An act for laying impofitions and proceedings at law, it is en~ aftedy That in all eftions of trefpafsy ajfault and battery, and other » perfonal a ft ions > the plaintiff in fuck aftionSy in cafe the jury Jhall find the damages to be under the value of forty JbiUingSy Jhall not recover or obtain more cojls of fuit than the damages fo found Jhall a-mount unto •, which claufe having reference to an aft made in the forty third year of §>ueen Elizabeth,/*r avoiding infinite numbers off mall 4-3 Eh*-end trijling fuits commenced in the courts at Weftminfter, hath been underjlood to relate Only to the faid courts; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the danfein »a & fame. That as well the faid claufe, and all the powers and pro- *3 Car. a. c. 9. vifions thereby, or by any other law now in force, made for prevention of frivolous and vexatious fuits in law commenced in the courts at WeJlminJlery (hall fr6m and after the first day of Mayy which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fe-ven hundred, be extended to, and be of the fame force and ef- to extend to ficacy in all fuch fuits, to be commenced or profecuted in the the courts of court of great feflions for the principality of WaleSy the court of great feflions great feflions for the county palatine of Chejlery the court of ^^^^ common pleas for the county palatine of Lancafler, and the court ^	1

of pleas for the county palatine of Durbamy as fully and as amply, as if the faid courts had been mentioned therein.

II.	And whereas the holding of persons inhabiting within the faid principality of Wales, and counties palatine, to fpecial bail in jmall a ft ion Sy is oppreffive and vexatious to the fubjeft: for remedy whereof, be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That no fhc- No Sheriff, &c. riff or other officer within the faid principality or counties pala- in Wales,*&c.* tine, upon any writ or procefs ifluing out of any of his'Maiefty’s <hall hold per-courts of record at Wejlminjlery (hall hold any person to lpecial j®1?5 to fP^ial bail, unlefs an affidavit be first made in writing, and filed in - * that court, out of which fuch writ or procefs is to iffue, fignify-ing the caufe of aeftion, and that the fame is twenty pounds and upwards, and where the caufe of a<5fion is twenty pounds, and unlefs caufe of upwards bail fhall not be taken for more than the fum $x- a&ion be 10L prefled, in fuch affidavit.

y4	cap.

Digitized by VoiOOQie

Ai»ai^<fectao&	III* Chip. [1700,

CAP. X.

Jfn.aft for the more effectual employing the poor, ly encpurch ging thf manufactures of this kingdom.

WHEREAS it is mojl evident, that the continuance of the trade to the Eaft Indies, in the fame manner and proportions as it hath been for two years laji pafl, muji inevitably be to the great detriment of this kingdom, by exhaujling the treafure thereof and melting down the coin, and taking away the labour of the people, fvhereby very many of the manufacturers of this nation are become exceffively burdenfome and chargeable to their refpeftive pari/hes, and ethers are thereby compelled to feek for employment in foreign parts: tor remedy whereof be it evaded by the King's moft excellent Wiajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri* tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament After *9 Sept, a&mbled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and ?701' no after the twenty ninth day of September, <?ne thoufand feven akc°of PerGa’ hundred ancf one, all wrought filjts, bengalls, and fluffs mixed China, or In’, with filkor herba, of the magufadture of Perjla, China, or dia, orcali- Eqfi India, apia all calicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or ft^ined icoes,&c. (hall there, which are or ftiall he imported into this kingdom, (hall l?c wprn, Ac. not he worn, or otherwise ufed within this kingdom of England^ dominion of tVales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, but under fuch limitations as are herein after mentioned and exprefled.

Such goods JI. And for the better pffe&ing the fame, be it enadled by the imported after authority aforefaid, That from and after the frid twenty ninth 6eft# f 701? day of September9 one thoufand feven hundred and one, all fuch wroughtfilks, bengalls, and fluffs mixed with filk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfia, China, pr Eajl India, as aforefaid, *md all palicoes, painted, dyed, printed, ‘ or ftained there, which are or ftiall be imported into this kingdom of England, domi-fcfter entry nion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall, after ^put into entry thereof, be forthwith carried and put into fuch warehouse >yarehoufes, or warehaufes, as ftiall.be fop* that purpofe approved, of by thf?

commiflioners of his ^Majefty's cuftoms for the time being, fp as none of them ftiall be taken or carried out thenpe upon any account whatfoever, other than in order for exportation, and

Eot until fuflicient fecurity be first given to the King’s majefty, is heirs and fuccelfors (which the laid commiflioners areliere? by required and impowered tp take) that the fame and every *nd (hall be part thereof ftiall be exported, and not landed again in any part exported Gf this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of f/ndediiiEng- Berwick' upon Tweed \ which laid fecurities ftiall be difeharged land, &c. Without any fee or reward, upon certificate returned under the WefeSecurities common feal gf the chief magiftrate in any place or places be-•whentobevoidy y0pd the fea$, or under thf hands and feals of two known Eng* , r c’13* H/h merchants upon the place, that fuch goods were there land-V	fd, or upon proof by credible persons that fuch goods were

jaken by enemies, or periflied in the feas $ the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the faid commiflion-pf s $ and all fuch of the aforefaid goods**wlwthcr lame (hail

17ckW] Ahtuo undeckno & dufxkciraoGtfLlEXirfi III. c. io.	3*9

be.muHd, fewed, or made op together for fide, with an other

goods or materials, or otherwise, which {hall be found in any

houfe, (hop, or warfehoufd, of dthcr plade whatfoevcr (other

than in fuch warchoufes as (hall be approved of by the find coni*- p

miflioners, as aforefaid) (hall be forfeited, and fabjoft and lia* rcnaiv*

tie to be fearcbed for, and feized, in like maimer as prohibited

and uncuftomed goods are, by an (intituled* Ah aft for pre* nCar.a.c.ir.

ventingfraud*, and regulating aiufes hr bis Majfly's tufhmfi made

}a the fourteenth year of the reign of our mt fovereign lord

King Charles the Second; and all fuch goods fo forfeited, as a* Goo<js forfeit-

fovdaid, (hall, upon fciznrfe thereof, be earned to the next cuf* cd to \>e f0jdt"

tom horife* and after condemnation {hall be fold to the beft ad* *9*

vantage foe exportation* at puhtick fak by candle; thd buyer

ami buyers giving focurrty for the exportation thereof, ir* man*

ner as dqrdaid* and one third part of the monies fo be rtrifad •

by fuch fale fhall he paid to the King’s majefty, his heifs atod

dndceflbrs, and the other two third parts thereof to him* her, or

them that (battfeiac or profedute for'the feme; and over and

above the lofs of the faid goods, the person or perfimS m whofe

cufiody, knowing thereof^ the fame (hall be found or feized» Or

that (hah fell or dtfpofe thereof to any person or perfom what*

fcever, fhatt forfeit ami lofe the (urn of two hundred pounds*

one third pact thereof to the King's majefty, his heirs and fuc*

ceffors,. and the other two third parts thereof to fitch person or

peribns that (halhfiie for die fame, to be recovered by addon of

debt, bill* plaint, fait, or information, in any of haw Majesty’*

courts of record at Wfhninfter, wherein no effoiri, prote<Siot^

or wager of law, (hall be allowed, of any mm than orte icon

parlance.

III.	And for preventing all clandettne importing or bringing into this kingdom of England, dominion of Walt*, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any of the aforefaid goods hereby pfobi*

(sited, or intended to be prohibited, from being worn at ufed in England * be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or peribns, or bodies corporate, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thonfend feven hundred and one, (hall.import or bring into any port of or in* this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or toWa of Bar*

whk upon Tweed, other than the port of London, any of the Penalty on im-aforefaid prohibited goods, or into the port of London, and Audi not make due entries of fuch goods fo imported, 6r brought in* ^ t^n jnta ftse fame (hall be* and is hereby adjudged, deemed, accounted, the dort of and taken to be dandeftine rimnine thereof, and fuch person or London, ajid perfects, or bodies corporate fo offending therein, and their a* th*re ?ha^!!S bettors, (hall not only forfeit and. lofe the faid good# fo clan* cn ^ deftinely run, as aforefaid, but alfo the fum of five, hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided jn fuch manner as afore- * feid.

IV.	And be it farther enaded, That if any queftioaoc doubt Proof where (ball *rife where the faid goods were manufactured, the proof

$wdl lie upon the owner\>r (Owners-thereof, and not upon the ™yie on tt>e 6	profe-	owner*

Digitized by Google

Treble cofts.

330 Anno underimo & duodecimo GulielMi III. c.10. [170o*

profecutor ; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notvrith-(landing.	,

V.	And he it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That i if any altion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, (hall be commenced, or profecuted againft any person or persons, for any feizure, or other thing to foe made or done, in purfuance or in execution of any thing before in this a<5t contained, fuch person or persons, fo fued in any court whatfoever, may plead the general iffue, and give this alt and the fpecial matter in evidence, lor their excufe or juflification; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or profecutor or profecutors, {hall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdilt pafs againft him, her, or them, in any fuch allion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, as aforefaid, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, as in any cafe where cofts by law are given to the defendant.

VI.	And for preventing clandeftinely carrying out of the (aid warehoufes any of the fain goods hereby prohibited, and by this alt intendedfor exportation, as aforefaid; be it further ena&ed by

Warehoufe- the authority aforefaid, Thatthe warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-lepers (hall keep one or more book or books, wherein he or broughThvor *key	fairly enter or write down an exalt, particular, and

carried out of tnie account ot all and every cheft, bale, and number of pieces their ware- therein contained, of fuch of the aforefaid goods only, which houfei, (hall be brought into, and carried out of, his or their (aid ware-houfe or warehoufes, and the days and times when the fame ihall be fo brought in and carried out; and (hall every fix months in the year tranfmit in writing an exalt account thereof, upon oath, to the faid commiflioners, together with an exalt account how much (nail be remaining in his or their faid.ware-and give ac- houfe or warehoufes refpe&ively; and the faid commifiioners are monthi^o^ 6 hereby impoweredand injoined, within one month after the fame commifiioners fhall be tranfmitted to them, as aforefaid, to appoint one or more of cu(toins,&c. person or persons to infpdfc the faid book or books, warehoufe or warehoufes, and examine the faid accounts, and to lay a true account of the fame before the parliament, w/thin the first *week of every fefiions thereof; and if upon examination it (hall appear, that any of the sdprefaid goods were carried out, unlefs for exportation, or before fufficient fecurity given for their exportation, as aforefaid, that then the warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers, fo offending therein, (hall not only forfeit and lofe the value of the faid goods fo carried out, as aforefaid, and be for ever difabled from any publick employment for the future, but (hall alfo forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered and divided in manner as aforefaid.	.

Not to extend VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enalted. That this to apparel,&c. all (hall not extend to any filks, bengals, (luffs mixed with (ilk or herba, or painted, dyed, printed, or (lained calicoes manu-pfofb^oGcci. frUured in Perfidy China, or Eajl-India, which (hall have been x. c, to fur. made up and uffd in any fqrt of jpparcl or furniture, before the

M

Penalty*

Digitized by v^ooQle

*7°o*3 Announdecimo^duodecimoGulIelmi III. c.u. 331*

fcid twenty ninth of September, one thoufand feven hundred nitun made up and one.	before 15 Dec.

. VIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it .	-

(hall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprietors fuct^^U ° of the faid goods fo lodged in any warehotke or warehoufes, as mavafeone aforefaid, tp affix one lock to every fuch warehaufe or ware-lock to warehoufes, the key of which (hall remain in thecuftody of the faid houfc> &c#

nrietor or proprietors ; and that he or they may view, fort, diver the faid goods, in order for exportation, as aforefaid, in the prefence of the faid warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keep-ers, who is and are hereby obliged, at feafonable times, to give attendance for that purp^fe.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- Good* faid. That every person or persons, or bodies corporate, who ported before (hall, on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one *9Septand thoufand feven hundred and one, import into this kingdom, yearg dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any of after, dotie* the commodities aforefaid, and (hall, within the (pace of three on exportati-years from fuch importation, export the fame again, fhall be °n to.** ^ allowed and paid the feveral duties payable upon the exportati-lowe ' , on thereof, as fujly as if the fame had been exported within twelve months after the importation thereof.

' X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Aft*r *9 Sept* That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, »°duoesto which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and one, there (hall be no cufloms or duties vqhatfo- imported, ex-ever paid or fecured to be paid for any of the faid goods or cept the half Commodities, which (hall be imported at any time from and (ubiidy; > after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, other than and except the half fubfidy, which is to remain by law after the goods are exported; but that all other cuftoms and duties,. now chargeable upon or payable for the faid goods, (hall from that time ceafe and determine.

CAP. XI.

jin aft to repeal an aft made in the ninth year of bis Maje-Jlf s reign, intituled, An act for rendring the laws more * effe&ual for preventing the importation of foreign bone lace, loom lace, needle-work, point and cut-work,

' three months after the prohibition of the woollen manufactures in Flanders, fhall be taken off \

TT7 H E R E A S great complaints are daily made of the.decay of the * W woollen manufactures in this kingdom, to the impoverijhment of many thoufands of poor families: and whereas by experience it is found, that an aft made in the ninth and tenth years of his now Majejlys reign, intituled, An ail for rendring the laws more effectual, for prevent- 9 £ I0 w. 3. ing the impprtation of foreign bone lace, loom lace, needle-work, c. 9. point and cut-work, has been one great caufe thereof, by being the occafion that our woollen manufactures, are prohibited to be import- £cpcaied. ed into Flanders : for remedy therefore or the mifehief aforefaid, * it enabled by the King’* mod excellent maiefty, by and with

the

Digitized by Google

38* Anno md^mcf&du£ricdmo^?tTEEWfi	(11700;

the advice and content of tbtt lords fpiritufel aftd tSiripbtfcly and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-thority of/the fame, That at the fend of tfrtfcg months, to commence from the time of taking off the1 ffcohibitfort of the £ng-hjb woollen manufactures iw Flanders, the fkid aCt, and every claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, fhall be and become hereby repeated, determined, and o£ nofotce.

cap, xn.

An afi to punifb governor* of plantation* hr this kingdom, for crimes bp them committed in the plantations. >

WHEREAS a due punijhment is not provided forfeverdl crimes and offences committed out of*this his Majejifs realm if Eng-toad, whereof divers governor?, lieutenant governors, Mputy gober-ftoriy Or commanders in thief of plantations and colonies within his Majejifs dominions beyond we feat, have taken advantage^ and bam[ not been deterred from opprejftng Ms Majejifs fubjeRs within their, ttfpeftive governments ana commands, nor from committing feveral , J . other great crimes and offences, not deeming tbemfelves pjinijbablefor the fame here, nor accountable for fuch their crimes and offences to ate) ftrfon within their refpefiive governments and commandsfor remedy whereof be it enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, r by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any governor, lieutenant governor, deputy governor, or commanaer in Chief of any plantation or colony within his Majeft/s dominions beyond the Teas, Sppreflkm by {hall after the firlt day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred, of an^cofony g0*? of opprefling any of his'Majefty’s fubjeCts beyond the &c. beyond^ wrthm their refpeCtive governments or Commands, or (hatt leas.	guilty	of	!ahy	other crime or offence^ contrary to the laws of

this realm, br in force within their refpeCtive governments or commands^ fach oppreflionS, crimes, and offences, fhall be enquired of, heard and determined ih his Majesty’s court of a be tried	-here	id England, at before ftrdi commiflioners,

in^England. and m fuch county of this realm, as fhall be affigned by his Majefly’s commiflion, and by good and lawful men of the fame bounty, and tfcat fuch punHhments (hall be inflicted on fuch offenders, ‘ as are Ufually inflicted for offences of like nature committed here in England.

GAP.xnr.

An add for 'continuing feveral laws therein mentioned; and for explaining the a£l, intituled, An act to  prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England, into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England.

WHEREAS divers temporary laws, which by experience have been found ufeful and beneficial, are expiring y therefore for continuing the lame, be it enaCted by the King’s molt excellent ,	majefty*

Digitized by Ljooole

i Too,] Anoopndedmo&diwdccimaGuiJELMrHL €.13. 333

majefty, by and with the advice and content of the,lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That an aft made in the feflionof parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft 13 & 14. Car.*. for providing carriages by kind and by water, for the uje of his Ma~ c. *0. for pro-jeftfs navy and ordnance, which was thereby to have continuance* viding carria-and be in fierce, until the end of the first fefiion of the next fj^c>	JI#

parliament, and no longer ; which faid aft, being expired, was* EXP* by one aft made in the first year of the reign of the late King fames the Second, revived, and was enafted to have coatinur ance during the fpace of feven years, from die four and twea*» tieth day of funey in the year of our JLord one thoufend fix hundred eighty fiye, and from thence to the end of the first fefiion of parliament then next enfuing ; which faid aft was* by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, continued during the fpace of feven years, 4&5W.fcM» from the thirteenth day of February, one thou&nd fix hundred c. 14-ninety two, and from thence to the end of the first feffioa of parliament then next enfuing, (hall be and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force for apd during the fpace of feven years* from the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand continued fo# feven hundred, and from thence to the end of the next fefiion 7 years, of parl&ment.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid*

That an aft made at the fefiion of parliament holden in the

two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign of

(the faid King Charles the Second, intituled. An act to  prevent the as & *$Car.**

planting of tobacco in England, andfor regulating the plantation trade% c-16 • to P.rc-

which, by an aft made in the first year of the reign'erf the late JXLxoin*0*

King fames the Second, was enafted to have continuance from England-

the first day of the then prefent fefiion of parliament for feven years, 1 Jac. ».c. 17*

and from thence to the end of the next fefiion <^f parliament* which 4

by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of his^u^

prefent Majesty and the late Queen was continued for the fpace yCars.

of feven years, from the thirteenth day of February % .one thou* Perpetual $

land fix hundred ninety two, and from thence to the end of the Gco* *•c* xr~

next fefiion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby continued*

and (ball be in force for and during the fpace of feven years,

from the nine apd twentieth day of September, one thoufand

feven hundred, and from thence to the end of the next felfion

pf parliament,

* III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King i9^ar* **5 Charles the Second, intituled. An act for affigning orders in the^dersmtfe ffxchequer ^ without revocation, which aft, in the first year of the Exchequer, reign of the late King fames the Second, was enafted to be in &c. force from the first day of the then prefent fefiion of parliament, 1 Jac. *. c. 17* and to continue for feven years, and from thence to the end the next fefiion of parliament; which faid aft was, by an aft continued foe. made in th^ fourth and fifth years of the reign of his prefent 7 years. J$3j£ftyapd the late Queen* continued fpr the (pace of feven EXP*

years.

Digitized by v^ooQle

334 Announdecimo	Sc duodecimo	I Mi III. &13. f 17001;

years, from the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fot , hundred ninety two, arid from thence to the end of the nfext feffion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force for and during the. fpace of feven years, front the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred* and frpm thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

,	IV.	And whereas by an aft made at the feffion of parliament Mi-

en in the faid two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign of the faid King Charles the Second [iintituled\ An a ft to re* I vive an aft intituled, An ait to prevent the difturbance of feamm a* & 13 Car.*, xmd others, and topreferve the (lores belonging to his Majesty's navy vent difturb-	fome alterations ana additions, was, by an*aft made in

ance of	fea-" bhe first year of the reign of the late King James the Second, enaft-

men, &c.	ed to be inforce from thefirft day of the then prefent feffion of far -

1 Jac. *. c. 17. liament, for feven years> and from thence to the end of the first Jeffuti J * sW* *C*M* of the next parliament; which faid laft mentioned ail was, by an aft * 2*’	made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majt-

fty dnd the lati£>ueeny continued for the fpace of feven years, from the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety two, j and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament; be it continued for enafted. That the fame be continued and be in force for and EXP** during the fpace of feven years, from the nine and twentieth * day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

V.	And whereas an ail was made at the faid feffion of parliament, held in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign ** Sc *3. Car. of the faid RingCh2x\c$ the Second, intituled, An act to  preventfrauds *. c. 19. to jn the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfieldy and elfewhere, m^uyin«^nd which was thereby to continue in force from the four and twentieth day , felling of cat- of June, one thoufand fixhunared feventy one* andfromthenceto the tie.	end of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid afty being

*j£c*2* c» *7- expired* was afterwards, by an ail made in the first year of the reign * x	of the late King James the Secondy enailed to be in force from the

twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty fivey for feven y ear sy and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament ; neverthelefs it was thereby provided^ that neither the faid afty \ nor any thing therein containedy should extend to falefmen or faftors employed by farmers or feedersy which faid aily together with the faid provifo, wasy by an ail made in the fourth and fifth years of the 4. Sc 5W.&M. reign 0f his prefent Majesty and the late §)ueeny continued for the «	a+'	fpace of feven yearsy from the thirteenth day of February, one

thoufand fix hundred ninety twoy and from thence unto the end of the next feffion of parliament; be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the faid aft, together with the faid provifo, (hall continue and be in force for and during the fpace of feven continued for years, from the nine and twentieth day of September, one thou-7 years. fend fcven hundred, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament. EXP.	,

VL And whereas an ail made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Secondy intituled\ An act for the

better

Digitized by v^-ooQle

1700.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 13.	3 3 £

better relief of the poor of this kingdom, was enafted to have *3^*4-Car.*.

continuance (except what related to the corporations therein mentioned, ^rcHef of^-

and thereby conjlituted) until the nine and twentieth day of May, ^the^oor.

thoufandjix hundred fixty five, and from thence to the end of the firfi

fejfion ofthe next parliament $ whichfaid aft ^ by an aft made in the firfi

year of the reign of the late King James the Second (except <ts to what1 Jac# *•c* x7*

related to the corporations therein mentioned, and thereby conjlituted)

was enabled to be in force from the firfi day of May, one thoufand fix •

hundred eighty five, and fo to continue for the fpace of feven years*

and from thence to the end of the next fejfion of parliament: and

whereas by an aft made in the third and fourth years of the reign of & w ^

bis prefent Majefiy and the late Queen, the faid lafi mentioned aft m. c. u.#

(as to what therein related to the fettlement of the poor) was enafted to be in force from the firfi day of March, one thoufandfix hundred ninety one \ but no provifm was thereby made for continuing of divers other parts of the faid^aft; which faid aft, for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, as to all parts thereof not mentioned and continued in and by the faid aft, made in the third and fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy and the late Queen (other than Exception. and4 except what relates to the corporations mentioned in the faid aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, and thereby conjlituted) was, by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign 4 $c 5 W. Sc of his prefent Majefiy and the late Queen, continued for the fpace of M. c. 24. feven years, from the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety two, and from thence to the end of the next fejfion of parliament; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, as to all parts thereof which were continued by the faid aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy and the late Queen, mall be continued and be in force for.and continued for during the fpace of feven years, from the nine and twentieth 7/*ars* day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.	c. 18.

VII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an a6t made in the^eighth and ninth years of his prefent Majesty's 8&9w.j.c.3*. reign, intituled, An act to  refirain the number and praftice of bro~ to reftrain th/ kers andfiock jobbers* which was enafted to continue from the number of firfi day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, for brokers^and the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the ltoc J0 r$f next feflion of parliament, (hall be continued and be in force fpr and during the fpace of feven years, from the nine and ^ye^^EXP. twentieth day of September* one thoufand feven hundred, and 7 y from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.

^ VIII. And whereas by an aft made in thefixth and feventh years of 6 Sc 7 W. 3. bis prefent Majefiy's reign, intituled, An act for granting to his c. is. Majefiy certain duties upon glafs wares, ftone and earthen bottles, coals and culm, for carrying on the war again A France* reciting, that the impofitidn upon coals exported to foreign parts was A great, that it was almofi a prohibition, to the great diminution of - ■■ • bis Majefiy's cufioms, the lejfening of the Englilh navigation and the exportation of coals beyond the feas: for remedy whereof it was there-. . v	h

Digitized by L^ooQle

.. .	.	.	f

£36 Annowndcc5mo&dtK)dWimoGVLiE?LMi III. c.14. [*700.

by enafted, That all coals exported beyond the feas in foreign bottoms \ flmldy during the continuance of the faid aft, only pay ten jbiUings I the chaldron, and in Englifli bottoms Only three Jhillings the chaldron; which part of the faid act will determine ori or about the twenty ninth day ^September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven bun-' drea, iftimely tare be not taken for continuing of the fame, which hath been found very beneficial and ufeful to the publicky and fully to hove Duty on coats anfwered the good end and intent of the faid aft of parliament 5 be exported,con- jt therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all coals turned for 7 exported beyond the fcas in foreign bottoms (hall, from and Purged as to a^ter feid nine and twentieth day pf September, in the year the duty vncoals of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred, for and during the exported in fo- foace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next reign bottoms9 fedion of parliament, only pay ten (hillings the chaldron, and tinnedby*An. m Englifh bottoms only three millings the chaldron ; any law to t. 6. f. 5^	*	the contraiy notwithftanding.

IX. Ana whereas by an aft made in the tenth and eleventh years of his Majefiy s reign, intituled, An a61 to prevent the exportation of wootf out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England into fo- *J reign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England, it is enafted and declared.

Cl wife in 10 Sc That no woolly woo u fells, Jhortlings, mortlings% wooll-flods, war*

concerninif1C'*^	ta^ w woolIen	yarn->ehth> fri'i fays, frizes,

wooll, wooll- druggets, cloth ferges, Jballoons, or any other drapery fluff's, or woollen fells, &c. ex- manufactures what fever, made up or mixed with wooll or wooll-flocks, ported from fall be exported, tranfpprted, fhipped off', carried, or conveyed out of or Ireland, &c. %from‘the fdid kingdom of Ireland into any foreign realm, fates, or dominions, or into any parts or place whatfoever, other than the parts within the kingdom of England, or the dominion of Wales, under feveralpe-nalties and forfeitures in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas fevered difputes have arifen concerning the true intent and meaning thereof, be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, not to extend That neither the faid aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall to wooll-fells, be conftrued to extend to fubjedi any person or persons, or any Tiers ftor?s!&c. fl*ip or veffel, to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeitures in or fpr cloth, the faid adt contained, for or touching fuch wooll-fells, fhort- 1 &c. for any lings, or mortlings, as (hall be neceflary for the ufe of the gun-one mariner’s ner or boatfwain’s ftores for the (hip or veflel only, and as for 1

«ot exceeding fo much cIoth> ferge>	kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets,

40s.	cloth-ferges, (halloons, or other draperies, (tuffs, or other ma-

Tbis aft made nufadtures, as (hall be for the proper ufe for clothes only of any perpetual by 3 mariner or paflenger, for his or her wearing apparel or fumh biuhelaR7' turc OI* board focb 'n voyage, and (hall not exceed in claufe is repeal- the whole, for any one mariner or paflenger, the value of ,ed by 5 Geo. *. forty (hillings ; any thing in the feid adt to the contrary not? | " c. ai. f. 6. whhftanding.

CAP. XIV.

EXP. An a& for railing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP,

Digitized by

Google

jryoo,] Anno undecimo& duodecimoGulielmi III.-c.15.	537

CAP. XV.

An ail for the afcertattling the meafures for retailing ale and

beer.

WHEREAS by the laws and Jlatutes of this realm all inn* keepers, ale houfe-keepers, andviCiuallers, ougto to utter andfell their ale and beer by the ale quart, according to the Jlandard thereof, re-mainingin the cujlody of the chamberlains of his Mqjejly s Exchequer; the neglecting the objervance whereof, and jelling and retailing their ale and beer in uncertain meafures, much lefs than the faidJlandard, is found to be of evil confequence in hindring the confumption of malted torn, and lejjening his Majesty s revenues of excife, and a great wrong and prejudice to wayfaring men, travellers, manufacturers, labourers and others, and alto to Juch poor people whofe necejfities force them to, buy ale and beer from them: for remedying whereof may it pleafe your moft gracious Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the four and twentieth day of All retailers of June, one thoufand feven hundred, all inn-keepers, alehoufe- ale and beer keepers, futlers, victuallers, and other retailers of ale or beer, and every person and persons keeping any publick-houfe, and retailing and felling ale or beer in any city, town corporate, 9 borough, market town, village, hamlet, parifti, part, or place whatfoever, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall retail, utter, and fell their ale and beer, in and from their refpeCtive hloufes, by a full ale quart or ale pint, according to the faid ftandard, or in	^

proportion thereunto, in a veflei made of wood, earth, glafs,. veffejs horn, leather, pewter, or of fome other good and wholfome cc*r°h metal, made, fized, and equalled unto the faid ftandard, and&c. marked* figned, damped, or marked to be of the content of the faid ale according to quart or ale pint, according to the faid ftandard, either from thethe faid Exchequer, or from the city of London, or from fome city, town corporate, borough, or market town, where a ftandard ale quart or ale pint, made from the faid ftandard, (hall be kept for that purpofe, and (hall not retail and utter any ale or beer to any person or persons in any other veflei not figned and marked as aforefaid, on pain to forfeit a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, for every fuch offence, to be recovered as herein after is provided.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty on re-if any inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, victualler, futler, or other tailer felling retailer aforefaid, (hall from and after the nine and twentieth	^

day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, retail, utter, or marked. fell any ale or beer in any veflei not figned, ftamped or marked as aforefaid, to any traveller, or other person or persons, or if in giving any account or reckoning in writing or otherwife, fugh inn^-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, or other retailer as aforefaid, (h?,Jl refufe or deny to give in the particular number of quarts or Vol. X.	Z	pints

Digitized by

Google

33* Announdcdmo&duodecimoGuiiELMi III. c.15. [1700.

pints of ale or beer, for which demand is made in fuch account, it (hall not be lawful for any fuch inn-keeper, alehoufe-keepcr, or other retailer as aforefaid, for default or payment of fuch reckoning, to detain any goods, or other thing or things belonging to the person or persons from whom fuch reckoning (hall be due, but (hall be left to his action at law for the fame; any cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And for the better execution of this aft, and to the intent that veflels containing the faid ale quart and ale pint refpeftively, may be from time to time fized and equalled according to the faid ftandard, and (igned, (lamped and marked as a-forefaid, by the mayor or other chief officer of each city, town corporate, borough, and market town in England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for all inn-keepers, alehoufe-keepers, victuallers, and other retailers as aforefaid, procuring and defiring the fame; be it further enafted by the authority a-forefaid, That the fub-commiffioners or collectors of his Ma-

Colleftors of je%,s revenues of excife, within their refpeftive circuits or di-the excife to vifions, (hall forthwith provide and procure a fubftantial ak provide ale quart and ale pint, according to the ftandard of the meafures a-quarts and^eforefaid remaining in the faid Exchequer, ofbrafs, to be made, Sandard mea- and certified from the faid chamberlains of the faid Ex-fure, tor the chequer, without any fee or reward, for the mayor or chief of-mayor, &c. of ficer in each city, town corporate, borough, and market town each city, &c. within his faid aivifion, in which there is not already a brafs fion where*" ftan<krd ale quart and ale pint, made and certified either from no fuch is al- the faid Exchequer, or from the lord mayor of the city of Lon-ready, &c. don, in the cuftody or power of fuch mayor or chief officer, and (hall, on or before the faid four and twentieth day of June, caufe the fame to be delivered unto the mayor or other chief officer in every city, town corporate, borough, and market town within his faid divifion (which chief officer is hereby required to give a receipt for the fame ; and the faid ftandard meafures (hall be delivered to every fuccceding officer) in which there is not already fuch brafs ftandard ale quart and ale pint as aforefaid, to be by them refpeftively fafely kept for the purpofes aforefaid ; on pain that each fub-commimoner or colleftor, for

. every default herein, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be colleftor mak- 7 j r r • j	r	>

ing default, recovered as aforefaid.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared by theau-char^the^faid t^ority af°refaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for mea&rcsin*1 t^ie fub-commiflioners or colleftors of excife refpeftively, his accounts, to deduft and detain their refpeftive reafonable charges andvex-and be allowed pences in the procuring, providing and delivering or fuch brafs tiie fame. ale qUarts and ale pints to each mayor or other chief officer

within his faid divifion as aforefaid, and to infert the fame in his next account to be made or given to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s revenues of excife, who are hereby authorized and direfted to allow of the fame accordingly.

. V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every mayor or chief officer of each city, town corporate, borough

tyoo. j Anrio undcdmo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. C. 15. 339

rough or market town for the time being, from and after the Mayor, &c. to faid four and twentieth day of June? (hall from time to time, on fequeft to him or them refpe&ively made, caufe or procure all fuch ale quarts and ale pints made of wood, earth, glafs, horn, ftandard, to leather, pewter, or other good and wholfome metal, as (hall be be marked, brought to him or them refpedlively, to be meafured, compared, fixed and equalled with fuch ftandard ale quart and ale pint in their cuftodies; and (hall then caufe the fame, and every of them, to be plainly and apparently figned, (lamped, and marked with W. R. and a crown, teftifying that fuch ale quarts and ale pints refpedtively have been fo meafured, compared, (ized, and equalled with fuch their ftandard, as afbrefaid $ which (lamps or marks the faid mayor or chief officer are hereby refpedlively required to provide, and for which their (lamping or marking they (hall not demand or receive above one farthing for each .	.,

meafure; and in cafe any fuch mayor, or other chief officer, as fomps°VMl* afbrefaid, (hall negledt or refufe to perform and execute his duty One farthing herein, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, he a meafure t<* Ihall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered as aforefaid, be paid for and (hall alfo render to the party thereby grieved his treble dama- pej^ty^jn ges, together with cofts of fuit, to be fued for and recovered in any mayor, &c of his Majesty’s courts of record, in which fuit there (hall be The univerfitj no prote&ion, wager of law, or other delay, other than one im-parlance.	wTt.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, c. 11# f.

That all penalties and forfeitures by this a<5l itnpofed or inflicted

ihall be divided, one half part thereof to the ufe of the poor of How forfei-the parilh where fuch forfeiture (hall be made or committed, a11 ** and the other part to him or them that (hall profecute or fue for dlvlded# the fame, to be recovered by the oath of one or more credible witnefs, made before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, who are hereby required and impowered to adminifter an oath to that purpofe, fuch person being profecuted for fuch offence within thirty days next after fuch offence committed; and the faid juftice or juftices are hereby refpedlively authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to caufe the penalty to be levied (by warrant under his or their hands and feals) upon the goods and chattels of the offender, rendring to the party the overplus, if any (hall be, deducing thereout the reafonable charges.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a6t contained (hall extend

or be conftrued to extend to fubjedt any person or persons to the A61 not to penalties in this a<5t contained, or any of them, fo as all fuch ergtope^ity beer or ale as (hall be retailed, uttered, or fold by fuch person for f0iJ or persons, to be fpent out of the houfe of fuch person ot persons, out of their be meafured out by the ftandard, according to the true intent and houfes, fo it meaning of this a6l, although fuch drink He carried away in any other veffel, or of any other quantity or quality than the ale quart before mentioned.

^	Za	VIII. Pre-

Digitized by v^ooQle

Aftion to be laid in the county where faft is.

Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. C.i6. [1700.'

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought and profecuted by any person or persons againft any juftice of the peace, or other person or persons employed by them, or any of them, in the execution of this aft, for any matter, caufe or thing by them, or either of them, done, committed, or executed, by virtue or reafon of this a61, or any claufe or article therein contained, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the aftion (hall be laid in the proper county where the faft was done and committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant and defendants may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at the trial, that the fame was done in pur-fuance and by authority of this aft ; and if upon fuch aftion or aftions verdift be given for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff become nonfuit, or difcontinue his aftion, then the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, which he or they (hall fuftain, or be put unto, by reafon of his or their wrongful vexation in defence of the faid aftion or fuit.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace within the feveral counties and

Jufticesatthe cities of this kingdom are hereby required, at their refpeftive feffio„Atogive general quarter feffions, to give the matters contained in this ad in charge to the grand juries of the refpeftive counties and cities within this kingdom.

X.	Provided, and it is hereby declared and enafted, that nothing in this aft contained, fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any colleges or halls in either of the univerfities of this kingdom; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI.

General iflue.

Treble cofts.

this aft in charge.

Aft not to ex tend to colleges, &c.

3W.&M. c,3.

Ground fown with flax or liernp, to pay 5 s. per acre.

An a£l for the better afeertainingthe tithes of hemp and flax.

WH E R E A S an aft made in the third year of the reign of bis Majejiy and the late £hieeny intituled, An act for the better afeertaining the tithes ofhemp and flax, was made to continue but for feven years, and to the end of the next fejfton of parliament after fuch term ended, and is now expired: and ivhereas the faid ad hath by experience been found very ufeful and necejfary; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and coiqmons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the five and twentieth day ot March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou-fand feven hundred, all and every person or persons, who (hall fow or caufe to be fown any hemp or flax in any parifh or place in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall pay or caufe to be paid to every par-fon, vicar, or impropriator of any fuch pari(h or place, yearly and every year, the fum of five (hillings, and no more, for each acre of hemp and flax fo fown, before the fame be carried off the ground, and fo proportionably for more or lefs ground fo fown} for the recovery of which fum or fums of money, the

parfon,

1700.] Anno undeclmo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.17-19. 341

parfon, vicar, or impropriator, (hall have the common and ufual remedy allowed of by the laws of the land.

II.	Provided, That this a £t, or any thing therein contained, fhall Lands dif-not extend to charge any lands difcharged by any Modus Deciman-

di, ancient compofition, or otherwife difcharged of tithes by law. fnandi no7 to

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall be charged,

extends or be conftrued to extend, to make any alteration in the Not to alter right or manner of payment of tithes of flax and hemp to any payment of ecclefiaftical person, incumbent of any parfonage, vicarage, ortl?ou^0fowii curacy, or to any impropriator or body corporate, having orf^h hemp* holding any impropriation, for fuch ground as hath at any time or flax be-fince the fecond day of February, one thoufand fix hundred tween a Feb. eighty four, and before the fecond day of February, one thoufand	^

fix hundred ninety ofte, been fown with flax or hemp, and paidr c '1 9U tithe in kind to fuch incumbent, impropriator, or body corporate refpedlively, but that the fame lhall continue and be pay-

. able and paid, as fully and in fuch manner as formerly; any thing in this a<5t to the contrary notwithftanding.	N

IV.	Provided, That this law fhall continue in force for feven years, to be accounted from the faid five and twentieth day of March, and from thence to the end of the next feflions of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 1 Geo.1. flat. 2. cap. 26.

fe&. 2.	Adi	to	con-

CAP. XVII.	7	tinue	7	years*

An adl to prevent difputes thaft may arife by officers and members of corporations, having negledled to fign the affociation, and taking the oaths in due time.

Members of corporations, who fubfcribed the affociation, though not according to the adl 7 W. 3. (hall be indemnified, Sec. Officers, &c. who have or (hall take the oaths, &c. before 1 Auguft, 1700. indemnified EXP. againft all incapacities, &c. Officer, &c. removed for fuch negledt, not 7 W. 3. c. 27. to be reftored, if another be eledted.	25Car. 2. c. 2.

CAP. XVIII.	iW.&M.ff.i.

An act for the more effe&uaLpunifhment of vagrants, and fending them®' whither by law they ought to be fent.

Vagabond, Sec. brought to conftable with a pafs, &c. fhall be taken before a juftice, and examined, and be either punifhed, or conveyed away, Sec.

Juftice to give conftable a certificate thereof. And tax on the back of EXP. certificate an allowance for his trouble, Sec. to be paid out of the gaol Continued for $ money, &c. Inhabitants not to be charged for conveying vagabonds * years longer by : Sec. Adl to continue three years. Divifions, Sec in counties to be deem- x Annx9fat.z* ed counties as to this adl, Sec. Juftices to adl in fuch divifions as inc. 13, counties. A claufe in 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 47. (a private aft) for eredting Enforced and workhoufes, Sec. in Kingfton upon Hull, repealed.	continuedfor 7

/„	CAF-JOX-	.	ZSSZlL

An act to  enable jujttces of peace to build and repair gaols ml 5, their refpeftive counties,

TI7 H E R E A S for want of due repair, feveral gaols and prisons - W within this realm are become prejudicial to the health of pri-/oners, and infufficient for the fafe cujlody of them; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the Made penpe-advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com • tual> 6 Geo. 1. mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-0*1?*

Z 3	rity

342 Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 19. [1700.

rity of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace, or the greater number or them, within the limits of their pommiffions, upon prefentment of the grand jury or )Juftices of grand juries, at the aflize, great feflions, and general gaol deli- I F/nttnent o?" very ^dcL ^or t^ie kkl county, of the infufficiency or inconveni-the grand jury, ency °f their gaol or prifon, to conclude and agree upon fuch &c. of the in- fum or fums of money, as upon examination of able and fuffici-fufficiency, ent workmen (hall be thought neceffary for the building, fini(h-kao^Lc^ma or repairing a publick gaol or gaols belonging to the (hire agree on a ^ or county whereof they are juftices of, the peace; and by war-fum for build- rant under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals jng or repair- of the greater number of them, by equal proportion to diftribute and*ma an(* c^arSe t^e fam or fums of money to be levied for the ufes charge^he^ aforefaid, upon the feveral hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, rapes, fums to be le- wards, or other divifions of the faid county; and the juftices of vied on the fe- the peace are hereby authorised and impowered at the general veral hun- quarter feflions hela for the refpebtive divifion of the faid coun-thc county. t0 dircA their warrants or precepts to high conftables, petty conftables, bailiffs, or other officer or officers, as they in their diferetion (hall think moft convenient, for levying and colled-ing the fame.

II.	And be it further ena&ed and declared. That if any per-fon or persons (ball refufe or negleft to pay his or their affefT-Jf persons re- jpent, by the fpace of four days after demand thereof by the SelTment^ ** ProPer officer appointed to cjolleft the fame, or (hall convey 9 away his or their goods or eftate, whereby the fum or fums of money fo affefled cannot be levied, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid collectors, by warrants from any one pf the juftices of the peace prefent at the faid general quarter Colle&or may feflions, as aforefaid, to levy the fum fo affefled by diftrefs and

ieV^4herame	g00(*s and chattels of fuel} persons 10 refufing or

>ydijt?eis, pegleding to pay, and the goods and chattels then and there found, and the diftrefs fo taken, to keep by the fpace of four days at the pofts and charges of the owner thereof; and if the faid owner do not pay the fum or fums of money fo rated or af-feffed, within the fpace of the faid four days, then the faid diftrefs to be appraifed by two or more of dip inhabitants, where the fame (hall be taken, or othej* fufficient persons, and to be fold by the collpcftor for payment of the faid money, and the overplus of fuch fale (if any be) over and above the fom fo af-feffed, and charges of taking and keeping of the diftrefs, to be immediately returned to the owner thereof; and, the faid juftices pf the peace are hereby audiorized and impowered, under their Juftices to ap- hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of the greater ceivc/wh" ni}tpber of them, to conftitute and appoint onp or more fufficient ffialfgive fe- perfoft or persons to be receiver of the money fo affefled i emity.	faid receiver, first giving fecurity to be accountable, when there-

unto required, for all fums of money received or difburfed by him in purfuance of fuch order as he (hall have received, under the hands and'feals of the juftices of the peace, or the greater pumber of them; and if the faid receiver or receivers, high con-~	'	  ftable^

/

Digitized by L^ooQle

1700.] Anno undedmo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.19. 34$

ftable, petty conftable, or other officers, fhall, by the fpace ofPe.nalty on re-four days after demand, refafe to account for all fums of money ^or&^rcfuf-received by them, -in purfuance of this a#, then it fhall and ing t0 account may be lawful for the juftices of the peace, or the greater number of them, to commit him or them to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they fhall have made a true account, fatisfied, or paid fuch fum or fums of Receiver’s re-money, as fhall appear to remain in his or their hands 5 and the c®iPt a dlf-receipt of fuch receiver fhall be a fufficient difcharge to all high t0 °° * conftables, petty conftables, or other officer or officers paying their proportion of fuch afieffments; and the difcharge under the hands and foals of the juftices of the peace, or the greater number of them, at the affize, great feffions, and general gaol delivery, to fuch their receivers, fhall be deemed and allowed as a good and fufficient releafe, acquittance, or difcharge in any court of law or equity, to ajl intents and purpofes whatever; and the faid juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and im-powered to covenant, contra#, and agree* with any person or persons, for the well and fufficient building, finifhing, or repairing of the faid gaol or gaols.

III.	And be it farther ena#ed by the authority aforefaid. Murderers

That all murderers and felons fhall be imprifoned in the faid ^ kep^in common gaol, and not elfewhere, and that the fheriff (hall have common the keeping of the faid gaols.	gaok.

IV.	Provided always. That this a# be not in any wife hurt- A&nottonre-ful or prejudicial to any person or persons, having any common jodic* S?™3 gaol by inheritance for term of life, or for years, but that they Stance!

0iall have and enjoy the faid gaols, and the profits, fees, and 1 commodities, of the fame, as they had or might lawfully have

had before making this a#, and as if this a# never had been made.

V.	Provided, That this a# (hall not extend to charge any Inhabitants in

perfon inhabiting in any liberty, city, town, or borough cor- any liberty, porate, which have common gaols for felons taken in the fame,&c# who have and commiffions of affize, or gaol delivery of fuch felons, for g^0i,	1

any afleflment to the making the common gaol or gaols of the chargeable; refpe#ive (hire or county.

VI.	And be it farther ena#ed by the authority aforefaid.

That if any a#ion, plaint, fait, or information fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons, for what he or they fhall do in purfuance or in execution of this a#, fuch person or persons fo fued in any court whatever, fhall and

may plead the general iffue, Not guilty, and upon any iffue join- General ifTue. cd may give this a# and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become nonfait, or forbear farther profecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdi# pafs againft him, the defendants fhall recover their treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, as in any cafe when cofts Treble cofts. by the law are given to defendants.'

VII.	And be it further ena#ed. That where any prisons or If gaols be

gaols belonging to any county of this realm, or the dominions Atuate on the r// j	Jr	„	7	7,	*	,	*.	^	c , crown lands,

or IvauS) are fituate upon any lands or hereditaments of or be- fuch lands

Z4

longing.

alienable.

No officer to enter into

344 Aw*Q unclecipio & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 20. [1700:

fhall not be longing to the King’s majefty in right of the crown,' that the faid lands and hereditaments, with their and every of their ap-purtenance$, (hall not at any time be alienated from the crown, but remain and be for the publick fervice and benefit of the county.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That it (hall not be lawful for any collector or other officer to enter into the peer’s houfe manfion-houfe of any peer or peergfc of this realm, to diftrain Mta.&c .forthedutiesaforefafdf

Afl; to coii- IX. Provided, That this aft (hall continue and be in force finue 10 years, for the fpace of ten years, and from thence to the end of the iQcp.i.c. 26. ncxt fe(flon 0f parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by § Geo. 1. cap.iq. feft. i,

CAP. XX.

An act for taking a%vay the duties upon the woollen manu-failures, corn, grain, breads bifeuit, and meal exported.

\\T H E R E A S certain fubftdies or duties {which were payable up-^ * on the exportation of the woollen manufactures, as well of the old as the new draperies, by the aft of tunnage and poundage, made in % % Car. *. c. 4. the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and by the '	1	'	book of rates thereunto annexed (except fuch part thereof as hath been

taken away by an aft made in the five and twentieth year of the reign *5 Car. 1. c. 6. °f the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for tafc-‘' log off aliens duties upon commodities of the growth, product, and manufacture of the nation) are, by an aft of parliament, made gW. 3. c. 10. and paffid in the eighth year of bis now Majesty’s reign, intituled,

'	:	An act for making good the deficiencies ofTeveral funds therein

1	mentioned,	and for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of

England; and for railing the publick credit, granted to continue ' until the first day of Auguft, which Jball be in the year of our Lord one thoujand feven hundred and fix: and whereas by an aft of parliament, which was made in the fourteenth year of the reign of the fait late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing frauds, apd regulating abufea, 'ip his Majesty’s cuftoms, all woolen manufactures, exported from any port of this kingdom, capable of a Jhip or vejfel of two hundred tuns upon an ordinary full fea, to any part, or place of /^Mediterranean fea, beyond the port ^Malaga, in any Jhip or vejfel that hath not two decks, and doth carry left than fixteen pieces of ordnance mounted, together with two men for each gun, and other ammunition proportionable, are (amongft other things) liable to a further duty of one per centum ; as by the faid jeveral afts, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and :whereas the wealth and profperiiy of this kingdom doth, in a great meafure,’ depend upon the improvement of its-woollen manufactures, and the profitable trade carried on by the exportation of the fame, which traie ought, by ad proper means, to be encouraged; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and jfhe commons, m parliament aflembled, and by the authority of |he fame, That from and after the thirtieth day of March, one 1	,	.	:	.	thoufand

g^Car.x.c.n.

i...	^	,	■	.	•

«

Digitized by L.ooQLe

*7°° ] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c.20. 345

thoufand and feven hundred, all and every the fubfidies, duties. Duties payable and fums of money, by the ails before-mentioned, or any of them, or by any other ail or ails of parliament,,or law whatfo- exportation of ever now ir^ force, granted, continued, due, or payable, or to Englifti wool-grow due or payable, for or upon the exportation of any long len manufac-doths, (hort cloths, kerfeys, bays, or ferges, cottons, fluffs, *urcs’ *c-ftockings, hats, caps, or any other manufactures of wooll, or ae ernun made of flieeps wooll, or coney wooll, or mixed with any or either of them, and which are or (hall be made or manufactured within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, for fo much as (hall be exported after the (aid thirtieth day of March; the aforefaid ails of parliament or any of them, or any other law, ftatute, ordinance, cuftom, prefcription, or provilion whatfoever to the contrary notwithflanding.

II.	And for the better encouragement of the woollen manu- Aulhage du-failures of this kingdom; be it further enailed by the authoritytics aforefaid. That the fubfidy and aulnage of the old and new dra- grants there-^ peries, and of all woollen manufailures whatfoever, within the of) to ceafe, kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick

upon Tweed, (hall, from and after the expiration, or other foon-er determination (except for non-payment of rent, within three months after the fame becomes due and payable) of the two jgrants or leafes of the faid duties, to Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, for the term of fixty years, bearing date the eighteenth day of December, in the fixteenth year of King Charles the Second, ceafe, determine, and be no longer due or payable; any law, ftatute, ufege, prefcription, or cuftom whatfoeverv to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

III.	Provided always, That nothing in this a<5l contained (Hall Bu? not to be prejudicial to the patent granted by the late King Charles the Second, bearing date at Wejlminjter, the fifteenth day of April, and? Sir Peter in the twenty eighth year of his reign, to Sir James Hayes, and Apfley.

Sir Peter Apfley, their executors and adminiftrators, of which there is about eight years yet to come, but that the fame (hall remain in the fame and no other or better plight and condition than as before the making of this a<St; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV.	And for the greater encouragement of tillage, be it fur- Duties pay-ther enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the ^^adoi^of thirtieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred, the fubfidy wheat,1rye^c. and all other duties whatfoever payable for or upon the export- to ceafe; * ation of wheat, rye, barley, malt, beans, peafe, and other forts * Ann*, flat, of corn and grain whatfoever, ground or unground, and for and 1 y^nas upon the exportation of bread, bifcuit, and meal, or any of 3 Geo.*! c.7.’ them, out of or from the kingdom of England, dominion of1

Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, as to fo much of the faid commodities, or any of them, as (hall be fo exported after the faid thirtieth day of March, (hall ceafe, determine, and be f}Q longer due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fliccef-

fors;

Digitized by

J46	Anno imdecimo & duodecimo GujlislMi III, c.zi. [1700.

fors; ahy law, ftatufte, ufage, or prefcription to the contrary ootwithftaadiog.

CAP, XXI.

An aS for the explanation and better execution of former alts made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames, and for the better ordering and govern* tag the faid watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the faia river between Gravefend and Windfor.

WHEREAS, notwithftanding the laws that have been hereto-fore made for good order, rule, and government amongfl the ItwnTo matters, watermen and wherry men* ufing and rowing on the faid river of &c. in this aft Thames, it hath oftentimes happened, that divers people paffvng by by a Geo. a. water upon the faid river, have been put in danger of their lives and c.	goods, and many times have perijhed and been drowned, and this octa-

fioned by the unjkilfulnefs and want of experience in wherrymen and watermen,	perfons out of the rule	of any majler or governor j W

for that in and by the faid alls, /Ar rulers and overfeers of the com• pany or foeiety of watermen are not fufficiently impowered to mah rules, orders, and conflitutions, for the order, rule,	government of

the watermen and wherrymen rowing on the faid river, with pains and penalties to enforce their due obedience to fuch orders, rules, and conflitutions,	eafy recovery	of the faid penalties: and whereas the

lightermen, rowing on the faid river of Thames, are grown very numerous, and are at prefent without rule and government amonfft them, by whofe rudenefs and unjkilfulnefs, in working of lighters and other large craft,/hips and veffels are hindred in the delivery of coals, and thereby frequently flopped in the proceed of their voyages, and the goods and lives of divers of his Majeflfs Jubjefts are likewife fre* quently endangered and loft, and notorious di[orders are occafioned: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-^rnhiTwa”* fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every termen, &c. ^aw and ftatute now in force, touching or concerning watermen to be put in and wherrymen, and every article and thing in them contained, execution. and not herein or hereby altered or repealed, (hall be duly put in execution by all persons therein concerned, according to the tenor of the laid laws, and under the penalties therein contain-* anc* t*lat arK* everT perlbn being a lighterman or owner &c.	°f any lighter err lighters, or having and keeping any lighter or

company.	other large craft, or working in the feme between Gravefend and

Windfor, (hall be, and be deemed and taken to be of one and the feme foeiety or company with the faid wherrymen and watermen; and the laid wherrymen, watermen, and lightermen, are declared to be, and are hereby made and conftituted, one fo-ctety and company, and as fuch (hall be hereafter deemed and taken.

Lightermen to II. And be it enacted by the authority aforefeid. That all and be regiftred at gy^jy p$rfQn persons, who now keep, or (hall hereafter keep

or

Digitized by L^ooQle

y 700.] Anno tmdecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 21 i	347

01 work, or fhall be employed in rowing or any ways navigat- Watermen’s, Ing any lighter or lighters, or other great craft, on the river of hall.

Thames (Trinity men, fifhermen, ballaft men, weftem barges, and mill boats, chalk hoys, faggot and wood lighters, and other craft carrying the fame excepted) (hall be duly and truly re- Exception* glftred in a book or books for that purpofe to be kept by the company of watermen and lightermen, and fhall likewife be Jiable to fuch orders, rules, and conftitutions, made or to be made, for the better rule and government of the faid fociety or s * company of watermen and lightermen, and the pains and penal- c*i£ f.18. ties to enforce due obedience thereunto.

III.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Rulers, &c. there fhall be yearly appointed, eledted, and chofen, by the to be ele&ed court of ford mayor ana aldermen of the city of London for the ycarly» time being, the number of eight persons, of the moft wife, dif-

creet, and beft fort of watermen, and the number of three per-lons, out of twelve persons to be yearly nominated by the lightermen, of the moft wife, difcreet, and beft fort of lightermen,' being houfholders, having two lighters or flat boats upon the faid river, between Gravefend and IVindfor; which elections fhall be yearly at the first court of aldermen to be holden within the faid city, next after the first day of June; and the faid eleven persons fo eledted fhall be named and called The overfeers and rulers of all the wherrymen, watermen, and lightermen, that from and after the faid first day of June, fhall ufe, occupy, or cxercife any rowing upon the faid river of Thames betwixt Gravef-end and Windfor afofefaid; which faid overfeers and rulers fhall keep and maintain good orders and obedience amongft the faid 'watermen and lightermen, according to the true meaning of this prefent and/ormer a<fts; and the faid eleven overfeers and rulers, and toregifter or the greater part of them, are hereby authorized from time to a11 ligl#a*m«» time to convene and call before them, at the hall of the faid	C#

company, within the city of London and liberties thereof, all and Gravefcndand every fuch person or persons, which from and after the nine and Windfor. twentieth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred, fhall keep or ufe in rowing or any ways navigating any lighter or other' great craft (except as before excepted) betwixt Gravefend and Jf^ndfor aforefaid, and fhall enter and regifter the name and names of them and every of them for lightermen to row on the faid river, in a book to be kept for the fame intent and purpofe; gnd from time to time to take fuch order and dire&ion therein, with every of the faid parties, by authority of this prefent a&, as it fhall feem meet and neceffary by the diferetion of the faid pverfeers and rulers for the time being, or the greater part of fhem, for the common benefit of his Majesty’s fubje&s.

IV.	And in regard the numbers of wherrymen, watermen and lightermen, are more numerous and diforderly than heretofore; be it

enacted by the authority aforefaid, That for the better order Rulers yearly and government of the faid fociety and company, the faid rtilers ^^nts^ and afliftants for the time being fhall and are hereby required, a 1 s* pq the first court day after the first day of June next, and fo

yearly

Digitized by Google

3+8

Announdecimo&duodecimoGuLiELMlIII. c.21. [1700.’

yearly and every year, by their order, to appoint the watermen of the principal towns, flairs and places of plying, or the major part of them refpe&ively, between Gravefend and Windfor\ and fuch watermen (hall and are hereby required to choofe one free waterman, being an houfholder, to be of their afliftants, fo as they exceed not fixty, nor be left than the number of forty wa-for watermen termen; and on the first day of June next, the lightermen which not under	fhall meet at the hall of the faid company, between the hours of

forty,	eight and twelve in the morning, or the major part of them

then prefent, and fo yearly and every year, (hall choofe nine and forligh- lightermen, who, together with the faid watermen, fhall be and termen nine, be called The ajjijlants of the faid fociety and company, toad-vife and aflift the rulers of the faid company for the time being, v in the difeovery and regulation of mifearriages from time to time done on the faid river of Thames, for putting the former laws and this prefent a<ft in due and full execution, and in preferring good rule and government amongft the faid fociety and company; and the faid rulers and afliftants, or the major part of them, fhall yearly and every year, on the first day of July, prefent to the court of lord mayor and aldermen for the time being, for their approbation, five persons able and fit watermen, Seven auditors and two persons able and fit lightermen, to be called Auditors to be elected of the faid fociety and company, who fhall, or the major part yearly, See. 0f them, audite the accounts of the rulers and others of the faid fociety and company for the time being; and that upon auditing and true ftating of the faid accounts, the fame fhall be fairly entred in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and figned by the faid auditors, or the major part of them, to be fit in fome publick place of the company’s hall aforefaid, to be in-fpedled by any person concerned at times convenient; and if any person or persons, which at any time hereafter fhall be eledted or appointed ruler, afliftant, or auditor of the faid company, do, after notice given him or them, obftinately refufe to take upon him or them the place or places to which he or they fhall be fo ele&ed, or fhall negligently exercife or ufe fuch his or their place or places, that then every fuch offender or offend-Rulers, audi- ers fhaA forfeit and pay five pounds; and the faid rulers, auditors, See. may tors and afliftants, or the major part of them prefent, being all make by-laws, duly fnmmoned by fummons in writing left at the place of their b° court of abo(k> an(* may> and they aj*e hereby impowered aldermen* of ' and authorized, from time to time, for |:he better and more ef-London, and fedtual keeping and maintaining goqd order and obedience a-confirmed by mongft the faid fociety ar>d company, to iqake, ordain, and the two provide fuch reafonable and lawiful rules, orders and conftitu-node tiooSj as in their diferetion they fhall think fit, with reafonable in pursuance pains and penalties to thp feme annexed; which faid rules, or-bereof refrain- ders and conftitutions fhall, from time to time, be laid before ing watermen fa court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London for ^entlces^&cf' tbe time being> to be bY tbcm examined, altered or approved, areniade'void and afterwards confirmed of altered by the lord chief juftice of by 4 Ann#, either bench, for the common good and profit of his Majesty’s

fubjetfs^

c. 13, f.*i.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1700.] Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulielmi III* c. 21.	$49

fubje<fts; and all fuch rules, orders and conftitutions, fo made and examined, approved, ratified and confirmed, (hall from time to time, and at all times, be well and duly obferved and put in execution.

V.	And for the further and better enforcing due obedience to the faid rules, orders and conftitutions, and more eafy and fpeedy recovery of the pains and penalties to the fame annexed;

be it further ena&ed, That the lord mayor of London, and the Lord mayor, aldermen of the faid city, and the juftices of the peace within See. and ju-the (hires next adjoining to the faid river of Thames between ftkest0 he?r Gravefend and JVindfor, every of them within their feveral jurif-di&ions and authorities, (hall have full power and authority, by p virtue of this prefent adt, upon complaint made to them, or any of them, by the faid overfeers and rulers, or any two of them, to examine, hear and determine, by the oath of one or more witneflfes (which every of them are hereby authorized to adminifter) or by the confeftion of the offender, all complaints or offences to be done or committed by any fuch person or per-fons that (hall offend contrary to the true meaning of this prefent adf, or any rule, order or conftitution, to be made purfuant to the authority hereby given, and by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and (eal of the faid lord mayor and aldermen, or one or more of the faid aldermen or juftices, to caufe to be levied, frpm time to time, all the penalties inflidted by former and this prefent adt Penalties in-touching watermen wherrymen or lightermen, or by any fuch fh&ed to be rule, order or conftitution, that (hall by virtue of this prefent |fvl*d by di~ adt be forfeited.	re *’

VI.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person or persons now owning, having, ufing, keeping, or working any lighter or flat boats, commonly ufed for the lading and unlading goods and merchandizes, to or from any (hip or (hips, or other veffel or vef-fels, who (hall regifter the names of themfelves and their fer-vants, with their refpedhve places of abode, in the book or books of the faid company kept for that purpofe, on or before the nine and twentieth day of September next, (hall be deemed and taken to be lightermen, and they are hereby declared to be lightermen, within the intent and meaning of this prefent adt; and Nohe but re-it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every fuch person giftred ligh-and persons fo regiftred, and no other person or persons, but termen (ex-fuch (free watermen, who are not at prefent lightermen, that

(hall be regiftred as lightermen at any time or times hereafter, t^work any and fuch person and persons who (hall have been or are lawful- lighter, &c. ly retained and ferved his apprenticelhip with a lighterman, excepted) to ufe, keep and work, or be employed in the working of or in any lighter or lighters, or other great craft; upon pain that every person or persons doing the contrary, (hall from time to time, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds for every week that he or they (hall have, ufe and work, enajty*

Of

Digitized by

£5$	Anno undcdtnoA: duodecimo Gni.tEi.titi til. c.n. [1700#

or work in any lighter, or other large craft; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

No person (ex- VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefoid, cept Trinity That no person or persons whatfoever (except Trinity men) be *betwixt Emitted or allowed to work, row or ply on thefaid river of Gravefend TJjames^ betwixt Gravefend and Wind for ^ in any boats, wherries* and Wiodfor, or barges ordinarily ferving for carrying pafleneers for profit, Ud h*f& ferV- Sa,n or rewar<*> except fuch person or persons as mall have ferv-ticefWp toa*1" e<* apprcnticeftiip to a waterman, or is a fervant or appren-waterman, &c. rice to a waterman, and (hall in all things be duly qualified as by former ftatutes and thi6 aft is direfted, for the fecurity and fafety of goods and paffengers carried by water; and that all To whom for- and lingular the forfeitures and penalties in the faid former laws features (hall and this prefent aft contained, (hall from time to time, and at forPwhat ufe t*mes» be Pa^ unto rulers and overfeers of the faid wher-rymen, watermen and lightermen, or the major part of them, for the ufe of the poor, aged, decayed and maimed persons of the faid fodety and company of wherrymen, watermen and lightermen.

Owners of VIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefoid, That it keys, &c. be- (hall and may be lawful to and fot the leffees, owners or occn-mita^e P*ers °f anY key or ^eys betwixt the Hermitage Bridge and Lon-and London don Bridge, Or any or either of them, to ufe their and every of Bridge may their lighters of large crafts, as has been heretofore lawfully ac-ufo their own cuftomed, for the carrying of goods and merchandizes to and andempfo0 ^rom their refpeftive keys and wharfs, and to and from (hips persons quali- loading or unloading, and to employ any person or persons, fied to row being watermen or lightermen duly qualified as in and by this therein. prefent aft is direfted and appointed, to row and work in their ^wiarfs ke$tns refpeftive lighters or large craft, and to do and aft any thing as luJingit? heretofore ,they might lawfully do, from fuch their refpeftive coals, See. may keys and wharfs to any (hips or veffels as aforefaid; any thing ufe their own in this prefent aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife ^Gto*z°c notwit^a^ng: arK* that lt Atall an(* may he lawful for any 16. f.°i.2 C* person or persons, who now are, or hereafter (hall be a wood-Woodmong- monger or woodmongers, and do keep a wharf or wharfs for ers may keep retailing of fuel, to keep, ufe and row, by themfelves or fer-lighters for vants, any lighter or lighters, or other large craft, for carrying ow^goods 61 their own goods fo to be retailed, and none others; provided &c.	*	fuch fervants be watermen or lightermen within the meaning

of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Aft not to IX. Provided always, That this aft, nor any thing herein prohibit dung contained (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to prohibit gfrdener*001^ anY owners, proprietors or leffees of layftalls to carry off the foil boats, Uc, from the faid layftals in fuch lighters or veffels, and by fuch persons, as have hitherto been accuftomed, nor to prohibit any gardener from bringing t6 the markets of the cities of London and Wejiminjier, and the places adjacent, their own fruit, herbs, yoots and other produfts of their gardens, or foil and dung in their boats, and by their own fervants, as they have formerly 6	accuftQmed

Digitized by v^ooQle

1700.] Anno undetf mo & duodecimo Gulielmi IIL C. 2 f.	352

accuftomed to dci; any thing herein contained to the contrary Dotwithftanding.

X.	Provided alfo, That no person (hall be punifhed for any Profecutioh to offence againft this a£t, unlefs fuch offender (hall be profecuted be in 50 day* for the fame within thirty days after the offence committed. aftcr offcnce*

XI.	Provided always, That if any a&ion, bill, plaint or fuit, lhall at any time after the first day of June, be Commenced or brought againft any person or persons whatfoever, for or by rea* fon of any matter or thing which he or they (hall do in purfu-«nce of, or by colour of this a<5t, it (hall and may be lawful to

and for the person or persons fo fued or profecuted t6 plead the persons fued general ifTue, or that what was done by him was done by virtue of this a&, without faying more, and give this aeft or any other g fpecial matter in evidence; which a& is hereby declared to be a pubfick aft. publick a<5t; and if the verdidl (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants in fuch action, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuit, or fuffer any difcontinuance thereof, that in any fuch cafe the defendant or defendants fhall have his or their double	.

cofts, which he or they (hall have fuftained in defence of fuch ooftgr action or fuit, for which the faid defendant or defendants (hall have the like remedy, as in other cafes where cofts by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

XII.	Provided, That where any offender fhall be punifhed by Provifo con-

force of this a<$t, he (hall not be profecuted nor incur the penalty cerningpu-of any other law or ftatute for the fame offence.	°*

XIII.	And whereas great numbers of idle and loofe watermen and

boys do work on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and exaft large prices from pajfengers, whofe nccejfary occafions oblige them to pafs and repafs the river of Thames, and generally fpend fuch their gains in drunkennefs and profanenefs the fucceeding week : for prevention whereof, and to the end that what fhall be got thereby, may be applied to the charitable relief of fuch aged and maimed watermen and lightermen, their widows and children, whofe circumftances want affiftance; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the first day of June next, it Rulers may (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid rulers and overfeers, appoint 40 wa« auditors and afliftants, of the faid fociety and company for the	on*Sun-

time being, or the major part of them, on their refpedive court 4ays between days, to appoint any number of watermen, not exceeding forty, Vaux Hall and to ply and work on every Lord’s day between Vaux Hall above Lime Houfe, London Bridge, and Lime-houfe, below the fame bridge, at fuch

common (fairs or places.of plying, as to the rulers and over- £r0fs Jie river feers, auditors and afliftants, or the major part of them, fhall at 1 d. each, feem mod convenient, for the carrying and recarrying of paf- Watermen To, fengers crofs the faid river, between the limits aforefaid, at one p^hemonev penny each person fo to be carried j and all the Watermen fo to received every be appointed on every the days aforefaid, fhall, on every Mon- Monday day morning refpe&ively, pay unto the order of the faid over- morning to feers and rulers, auditors and afliftants, all fuch fum and fums of money as by them refpedtively fhall be received for conveying ££ their W~ paffengers on the Lord’s, day as aforefaid 5 and the faid overfeers labour.

and

Digitized by

Google

mone1

ccive(

7

d.

re-

of holding a court in Gravefend, See,

called Curia curfus aqua.

g51 Anno undecimo& duodecimo G<jlielmi III. c. 2I. [17001.

Overplus how and rulers, auditors and affiftants, or the major part of them, applied. or their or(ier, (hall pay to each refpe6tive waterman working as aforefaid, for his day’s labour fo. much as they ihall agree for, and the overplus (hall from time to time, be applied to the ufe of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed watermen and lighter-Penalty on men of the faid fociety and company, and their widows; and if waterman not any person appointed to work, as aforefaid, (hall neglect to pay paying the on every Monday to the order aforefaid, the full fum of money that he (hall have earned and received on the Lord’s day next before, he (hall for every fuch omifiion or (hort payment forfeit and pay to the order of the faid overfeers and rulers, auditors and affiftants, or the major part of them, the fum of forty (hilr lings, to be recovered, as aforefaid.

A& not to a- XIV. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein bridge the late contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to the nioiuTs right leflening, taking away, abridging, hindring, prejudicing, or

..... otherwife howfoever impeaching of any right belonging to or

lawfully claimed by the late Charles duke of Richmond and Le~ nox, lord of the manor of Gravefend, his heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, for the holding a certain court within the faid manor, called Curia curfus aqua, or, The court of the watercourfe, for the better government of barges, boats, and veflels, ufing the ferry or paflage from the town of Gravefend, to London, and of the persons owning or working the fame, or of any other rights, liberties,. powers, and privileges whatfoever belonging to the faid late duke, his heirs, executors, admini-ftrators, and affigns, relating to the faid ferry or paflage, or to the barges, tilt-boats, or other boats and veflels ufing the faid ferry or paflage, or plying at the bridge of the faid town of Gravefendy or the persons owning or working the fame, or other-wife howfoever.

XV. Provided always. That this a&, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to the inhabitants of leffening> ^ing away, abridging, hindring, prejudicing, or Gravefend, impeaching of any grants, liberties, franchifes, cuftoms, pri-&c. relating to vileges, or ufages, now or heretofore lawfully ufed, held, or the ferry hom enjoyed, by the mayor, jurats, and capital inhabitants of the London,n&c.° v^ages an^ parilhes of Gravefend and Milton in the county of *	*	Kenty touching, concerning, or relating to the paflage and ferry

upon the faid river of ThameSy from the faid villages and paritties of Gravefend and 'Miltony to the faid city of London, or touching or concerning the government or guberriation of the faid paflage and ferry; but that the faid mayor, jurats, and inhabitants, and their fucceffors, (hall and may do and execute all and every fuch lawful a£t and adls, powers and authorities, touching the faid paflage and ferry, and the government thereof, as they might or could have done, if this a6t had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

. XVI. Provided always, That this adf, or any therein contained, (hall not extend to hinder or prevent the watermen of

the

Nor to leffen &c. the liber-

PTovifo concerning the watermen of

Digitized by

Google

1700.]' Anno unctedmo & duodecimo Gulielmi III. c. 22. 353

the parifh of Saint Margaret, Wejiminfler, from plying or work- St. Margaret,

mg croft the river of Thames from Wefiminjler bridge to Stand-

gate> and from the Horfe Ferry to Lambeth bridge on every Lord’s	‘

day, in their feveral turns, as they have lately aCcuftonted and 3I<

nfed to do; and the money earnea by them or any of them on

that day. is hereby directed to be, from time to time employed

fpr $xe life of thifpoor, aged, decayed, and maimed watermen

and their widows, of the parifh of Saint Margate^ Wejlminfter^

and any two juftices of the peace of the faid parifh are hereby

authorized, from time to time, to call the watermen, fo work-*

ing, to account for the monies by them earned on the Lord’9

day, as aforefaid, and to caufe the fame to be applied and dif-»

pofed as aforefaid ; and that the faid watermen or the faid parifh

of SaintM^rgarePfor. the time, being (hall choofe two fiewards

and a clerk on the three and twentieth day of April in every	•'

year yearly, 'and ltich watermen of the faid parifh, or,the ma-*	.,j	^

jor part of them, which fhall be prefent at a meeting of their

fociety, (hall, and have hereby power to appoint fuch of the

watermen pf the faid parifh, as fhaH in their Wpe&ive turns

wptk on the Ltfrd’s days, aS afbtefaid; arty thing in this adi

contained to the contrary notwi$10a$ding.

. cap. xxn,

-r ; An act for making the river Larke,Bum, riayigabld.

Htehry A(hley efq$ impowered to make the faid river nayigaWc, improve z the palTage for boats, &c. make new cuts through the King’s or other 'grounds, and build bridges, Unices, See. with tree liberty of ways for carrying materials, Ice. and may alter bridges, turn highways, See. and fet otit tossing paths. See. first giving fatistaftion to the owner. Under-" ’taker to make a ditch between towing-path and lands of William Gage,

*	See. In cafe undertaker ahd owners cannot agree, &c. Commiflioners to enquire Upon oath, and determine what fatisfaftion owners fhall have for damages,’ Sic. not exceeding a5 years purchafe', and propor-

r tion every one’s fhare. CommifTioners orders to be kept among!! the records of the fefltons, &c» On payment of money agreed on. Under-- taker may dig, cut, &c. the faidlandsy ereft bridges, Sec. and maintain ,the fame, &c. Owner, &c. refuting fo appear j commiffigners may inquire into fuch refpeftive owner’s damage, and order fatis faction. Rights of filhing and fowling referved. In cafe, of death of comifiiffioners, others to1 be chofeh, having 3001. per Annumr, or 6000 I. If the water be raifed higher than ufoal, banks to be raifed proportionably, or if the river be deepned at any fording place, See. the undertaker to make bridges, &c. Nohighway or foot-path to be removed without allowance.

If undertakerpull down any bridge, <he (hall ereft another as ufeful.

Juftioes to determine offences concerning bridges, and inflift penalties.

•	All banks to be maintained as ufual. Undertaker to demand for all goods, Sec. carried up or down the (aid river,- from Mildenhall Mill, to Bury St. Edmond’s, the rates following, For ever}’ chaldron of coals Lynn meafure, 3 s. ad. For every haflf-hundred of deals, as. Load of timber (forty foot to the load) a s. Eight packs of wool, ten tod to the pack, as. fid. Weigh of fait, as. fid. Load of wheaifc Or barley* ten combs to the load, a s. Laft of oats a s. 6 d. Load of beansor peafe, as. 6d. Tun of grocery wares, a s. 6 d. Tun of oil or wine, 3 s. sod.

Thoufand of turfe, 3 s. ad. Load of reed, fedge, or hay, twenty hundred to a load, 3 s. ad. Load of hemp, twenty hundred weight, 38. ad.

Laft of malt, as* 6d. Load of bricks, five hundred to the load, as-,

Thoufand( of tiles, a s. 6 d. And for every ton of other goods, a s. Watermen, Sec. to giye account of all goods conveyed. See. In cafe of re-

. VOL L	A	a	i'ufeU

Digitized by v^ooqLc

354 Arino undecimo &duodecihno GulIelmi III. 0.23,14. [1700;

fufal, goods may be ftopt, and weighed. Any person concealing goods, Ac- may be flopped, Sec. Millers may carry materials, Ac. for repairing their mills. Ac. toll free. Liberty-granted to Sir Edward Gage and William Gage, to carry dung, Ac. for their own lands, and their te-tants, toll free. And the like liberty for carrying the pitxiuft thereof. Like liberty to occupiers of iands adjoining to the river. See. Twenty chaldron or coals may be conveyed yearly to Bury*, for the poors ufe, toll free. Boat mailer. See. anfwerable for damages. Boats, Ste. lying in any fluice, Ac. obftrufting the pdflage of others, toiiy be removed. Undertaker With con fen t of cortnnfmoners may make by-laws, and let penalties.' No common whhrf or key to be made in Bury without content of magiftrates. Liberty ,to kepp pleafure boats on the faid river, toll free 5 but not to carry goods* Sec. .

GAP. XXIII.

& H 8, An act for the better preferving the navigation 'of the rivers Avob and 34	35	• Froome, and for ckanfing, paving, and enlightnipg the ftreets of the

,£+W.&. rcityofBriftoU ,	.	:	,	;

M.c. is. Tbrowing ballaft, cinders. See, iuto ^he river Avorr, i?Q, or placingbal-laft, Ac. on the wharfs, Sec, jji the city of fubilrbs Of Brlftol, Sec. adjudged a common nufance. ' Mayor, Bee. 6f Briffob lo ^ppohtt convenient places for laying allies, Sec. Scavengers to carry ail daft, Sep. to the faid places. Houle-keeperta', Ac,,’twice* week to fweep their ftreets, and fcavenger to carry away tjje dirt. No afhes, Ac* to be laid in the ftreets, Ac. or thrown ihtoany common fewer, Ac. Houfe-keepers,Ac. to caufe the ftreets before thdir houfes to be pavfed, anddefalk the fame out of their rent. Penalty on laying empty drays, Ac. in the ftreet, or fawing timber. See. without" licence. Mayor, Ac. to make orders for regulating the markets, and for carrying away dirt,* Ac. Mayor, Ac. appointed con&rvators of the river Avon, from. Tower Jiarratzto Hsp-nam’s mills, and to ptmiftrnufances, Ac4 appoint officers for preferva-tion thereof* Ac. and impofie fines, Ac. to be levied by diftrefs. Surveyors of the highways to hare the care of cleanfmg the ftreets, £c.

,	Churchwardens,	At. to fettle a parifh rate for cleanfing the ftreets, pay-

able cjuarterly. persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter femons. Monies collefted to be yearly accounted for. How the ward of the caftle precinft fhall be rated. The rights of fifhery, or royalties on (the rivers, faved. Not to abridge aiiy rights of the mayor, ac. of Briftol on the faid rivers. Houfholdcra paying z d. per week to the poor, to hang out lights in the ftreet, unlefs they agree to ufe lamp6, ac. persons authorized may make a rate for cleaning the ftreets, and an afieffmeht for ereftirtg publick lamps, ac. .

CAP, XXIV.

An act to  eftablfe the mayor and ckizens of the citv ofChefter to recoyer and preferve the navigation upon the river t)ee.

EXP.	Buries to be paid for ti years to the mayor, Ac. of Chefler, for making

(Geo,2.c. 30. the river Dfee navigable. Coals three half-pence per barrel, lira*or | v limeftone z d. per barrel, to be paid on unloading, ac. Mayor and al- j dermen, Ac. to appoint coHeftors and receivers, Ac. Monies collefted to be paid to the city treafurer. Coal, limeftone, Ac. fhall be fold in fome publick place m Cbeflrer, as the mayor, Ac. fhall appoint. On nonpayment df duty, boat and goods may be ftopt, and cart, bdrfe, 1 Ac. until the fame be paid. Mayor, ac. to nominate colleftor, receiver, Ac. who fhall give fecurity, and be allowed iz d. in the pound for their pains. Mayor, AC. may contraft for making new works, Ac. Accounts of receipts and difburfements tobe entred. Seven commiffioners to be chofen yearly for executing the powers in this aft, who may examine coileftors, Ac. On oath, allow their accounts, ac. River Dee may be made navigable from the fea to Cbefter, and the channel turned. Com-; miflioners for executing the powers, may mark out the fands, foil, &c. Sand and ground inclofed, Ac. veiled in the mayor and citizens for ever, who may improve the fame, and take the profits, for maintaining and

repairing

1700.] Annodppdeckno&deciinoterdoGuLiELMi III. c.i. 355 '

repairing; the works. Commiflioners to fet out a publick highway over the lands. Mayor, &c. may furvey the river, &c. Rights of Anne OfF-ley referved, &c. Owners of Blacon manor may fet up ftuices, Sec. In . cafe new channel be cut within 450 yards fouthwards of Blacon-boufej 'Owners to have fatisfa&ion far damage, &c. Differences ihall be ad juft* ed by arbitrators. Party aggrieved may appeal to the chief juftice of Chelfer, whofe order (hall be final. Not to extend to Sir William-Glynn, and others. In cafe river be not fordable at low water, mayor, &c. to employ two free ferry-boats, &c.

Anno	Regni OULIELMI	III. duodecimo

& decimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the fixth day ^February, Anno Dorn. 1700. in the twelfth year <jf the reign of our fovereign lord William the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ire* land, King defender of the faith, &c. and from thence continued by prorogation to the tenth day of February, 1700.

(and from thence by adjournments, continued till the twenty fourth day of June, 1701.*) being tbefrjl feffwn # Added from of this prefint parliament m	the mroimtnt.

CAP. I.

An all for renewing the bills of credit, commonly called. Exchequer bills.

WHEREAS it is found by experience to be very difficult and Preamble.

troublefome for persons who have any of the bills of credit, commonly called. Exchequer bills, in their hands undifeharged, to compute the intereji thereupon, (which hath hitherto grown due after the rate of five pence a day for every one hundred pounds principal money contained therein, for fuch times only as they have not been in the publick receipts) becaufe mofi of the faid bills do contain very fmall fums, and have many endowments thereupon, according to which the faid interqft is to be reckoned, and many of the faid bills are fo filled up already, that they are not capable of any further endowments, which Jbouldbe made when they are brought into any of the faid publici receipts ; whereby divers persons have been, and are difeouraged to accept fuch bills in payment: for remedy of which inconveniencies <pr the future, be it ena<5ted by the King’s moft excellent maje-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord's fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament at-	1

fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That when any of 0f the bills of credit, commonly called. Exchequer bills (being un,- brought into cancelled, or undifeharged) fhall at any time or times be paid, theExchequer lent, or brought into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to^*caa-it '(hall and may be lawful to and for the coouflioners of his Ma- **	*

Aaa-	jefty’s

Digitized by Google

New bills to bear intereft at4d. per cent, per diem,

356 Annoduodccimo&decimotertioGuLlELMiIII. c.i. [1700.

jetty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, and to and for the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-Oiilfioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe the prin- , cipal and intereft monies which (hall be due upon all or any fuch bills (the fame being first tried by the counterparts thereof) to be exactly call up, and fuch bills to be cancelled, taking care, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, to caufe the number, date, principal and intereft of every fuch cancelled bill to be fairly entred, with the refpe&ive fund upon which it is cancelled, New bills to be thereupon from time to time to make new bills, to contain e’ each of them, one hundred pounds, or fifty pounds, or twenty but not to ex- five pounds, fo as the principal money to be contained in fucn total oTthe11 ncw to ma^e forth from t™e to time, do not in the cancell'd bills, whole exceed the fum total of the principal and intereft monies which was due upon all the bills that (hall have been cancelled by virtue of this a<Sh

IL And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all the new bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, as aforefaid, (hall bear an intereft thereupon of four pence a day for everyone hundred pounds, and fo proportionably for the lefler fums before mentioned; which intereft (hall be allowed, due and payable for fuch time or times only, as the faid new bills (hall not lye in the hands of any his Majesty’s receivers or collectors, or A . in his Majesty’s Exchequer, in like manner as the faid higher and appropn- jntereft was allowable upon the faid former bills; and the faid a e to t e new bills ^ ma(je?	in	the	receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

quer, be appropriated and applicable to the fame ules or pur-pofes ^hereunto fuch cancelled bills were appropriated and applicable, and under the fame penalties, forfeitures and difabili-ties, to be inflicted for diverting or mifapplying the fame, as were by any law or ftatute provided for diverting or mifapplying any of the monies for which fuch cancelled bills were taken refpeCtively.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid new bills (hall in all refpeCts have the like currency in all taxes, aids and revenues, and alfo at the Exchequer, and there (haH be inflicted the fame punilhments for forging, or counterfeiting the fame, and (hall be fubjeCl to the fame rules and methods, and fuch contracts for fupporting the credit thereof (hall and may be made, as by any former law or ftatute what-foever were provided, authorized or enaCted with regard to the bills by this aCt to be cancelled.

IV.	Provided, That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to diffolve the prefent contract made between the lords commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, and the fubferibers for circulating Exchequer bills, and that the fame (hall remain and be in force to oblige the prefent truftees for circulating Exchequer bills, and the prefent fubferibers for advancing of money to circulate the fame, to change fuch hew bills as mall be made out by virtue of this aCt, as far as they would have been obliged to have changed the old bills, if this

aft

fame ufes.

And to have the like currency in all taxes, &c*

ACt not to

diffolve the contraft for circulating ' Exchequer bills.

Di( , :ec| by Google

*700.] Anno duodecimo &decimo tertio Gulielmi III. c.2, 357

aft had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act for the further limitation of the crowny and better fe~ curing the rights and liberties of the fubjeft.

WHEREAS in the firjl year of the reign of your Majejlyy and f w&M. ff.

of our late mojt gracious fovereign lady Queen Mary (of %k c. %. blejfed memory) an aft of parliament was made, intituled, An act for declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and for fettling the fucceflion of the crown, wherein it was ( amongf other things) enaftedy eftablijhedy and declared, That the crown and regal government of the kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland,' and the dominions thereunto belongings should be and continue to your Majesty and the faid late Queeny during the joint lives of your Maje* jiy ana the faid Queen*) and to the furvivor: and that after the deceafe ofyour Majefyandof thefaid Queens the faid crown and regal govern* ment should be and remain tothe heirs of the body of the faid late Queen; and for default of fuch [fluey to her royal highnefs the princef Ann ej/r Denmark, and the heirs of her body: and for default of fuch tjjuey to the heirs of the body of your Majejly. And it was thereby further enaftedy That all and every person and persons that then werey or afterwards should be reconciled toy or should cold com* munion with the fee or church of Rome, or should profefs the popijb religions or marry a papijly should be excludedy and are by that aft made for ever uncapable to inherit, pojfefiy or enjoy the crown and government of this realmy and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belongings or any part of the fames or to havey ufey or exercife any regal powers authority, or jurifdiftion within the fame: and in all and every fuch cafe and cafes the people of thefe realms Jball be and are thereby abfolved of their allegiance: and that the faid crown and government Jhall from time to time defend to and be enjoyed by fuch person or perfonsy being proteftantSy as should have inherited and en-x joyed the famey in cafe the Jaid person or perfonsy fo reconciled, hold-ing communions profefling or marryingy as aforejaidy were naturally dead. After the making of which Jlatutey and the fettlement therein containedy your Majesty s good fubjeftSy who were refored to the full andfree poJfeJJion and enjoyment of their religions rights and liber-tiesy by the providence of God giving fuccefs to your Majeflfs jujl undertakings and unwearied endeavours for that purpofy had no great* er temporal felicity to hope or wijh fory than to fee a royal progeny defending. from your Majefyy to whom (under God) they owe their tranquillitys and zvhofe anccjlors have for many years been principal ajfertors of the refonned religion and the liberties of Europe, and from our faid mo/l gracious fovereign Ladyy whofe memory will always be precious to the fubjefts of thefe realms: and it having fincepleafed Almighty God to take away our faidfovereign Ladyy and alfo the mo ft hopeful prince William duke of Gloucefter (the only furviving ijfue of her royal highnef the princefs Anne 0/* Denmark) to the unfpeak* qble grief and for row of your Majefy and your faid good fubjeftSy

A a 3	who

35$ Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi III. c.t, [ 170a

who under /tub Ioffes being fenfibly put in mind, that it fortieth wholly in the pleafure of Almighty God to prolong the lives of your Majejly and of her royal Higonefs, and to grant to your Majejly, or to her royal Highnefs, fuch iffue as may be inheritable to the crown and regal government aforejaid, by the refpeftive limitations in the	j

faid recited aft contained, do conflantly implore the divine mercy for	\

thofe blejftngs: and your Majejly*s faid fubjefts having daily experience of your royal care and concern for the prefent and future welfare	|

of thefe kingdoms, and particularly recommending from your throne a I further provifton to be made for the fucceffton of the crown in the pro- j ieftant line, for the happinefs of the nation, and the fecurity of out religion; arid it being abfobitely necejffary for the fafety, peace, and quiet of this realm, to obviatt all doubts and contentions in the fame, by reafon of any pretended title to the crown, and to maintain a certainty in the fucceffton thereof to which your fubjefts may fMy how reeourfe for their protection, in cafe the limitations in the Jaid recited aft should determine: therefore for a further provifion of the fuc-ceffion of the crown in the proteftant line, we your Majesty** moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerabled* dobe- I feech your Majeftv that it may be enaftedand declared, and be it enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by ! and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and tempo-, Tal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the moft excellent princefe princefs 60- Sophia, eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, daughter of phia declared the moft excellent princefe Elizabeth, late Queen of Bohemia, next fucceffor daughter of our late fovereign lord King James the Firft, of to the crown, happy memory, be and is hereby declared to be the next in fuc-ceffton, in the proteftant line, to the imperial crown and dignity j of the faid realms of England, France, and Ireland, with the dominions and territories thereunto belonging, after his Majesty, and the princefe Anne of Denmark, and in default of iffue of the after the King princefs Anne, and of his Majesty refpeftively: and that AnneofDen- ^rom anc* aftcr the deceafes of his faid Majesty, our now fove-mark and their reign lord, and of her royal highnefs the princefs Anne of Den-iffpe,	mark, and for default of iffue of the faid princefs Anne, and of his

Majefty refpeftively, the crown and regal government of the faid kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland, and of the dominions thereunto belonging, with the royal ftate and dignity of the faid realms, and all honour^, ftiles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurifdiftions and authorities, to the fame .	belonging and appertaining, (hall be, remain, and continue to

the faid moft excellent princefs Sophia, and the heirs of her bo-and to the dy, being proteftants: and thereunto the faid lords fpiritual and heirs of her temporal, and commons, fhall and will, in the name of all the body, being pe0p]e 0f this realm, moft humbly and faithfully fubmitthem-prote ants. fe]veSj their heirs and pofterities; and do faithfully promife, That after the deceafes of his Majesty, and her royal highnefs, and the failure of the heirs of their refpeftive bodies, to ftand to, maintain, and defend the faid princefs Sophia, and the heirs

of

Digitized by

Google

iyooi] Anno<|uodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi IIL c. 2. 259

pf her body, being proteftants, according to the limitation apd fucceffioh of the crown in this a<ft Specified and contained, tp the utmoft of their powers, with their lives and eftates,

^gainft all persons whatfoever that (hall attempt any thing tp the contrary.

II.	Provided- always, and it is hereby enabled. That all and Papift, &c. in*, every person and persons, who lhall or may take or inherit the capacitated faid crown, by virtue of the limitation of this prefent adt, and from inherit-is, are or (hall be reconciled to, or (hall hold communion with, ingt c^rown# the fee or church of Rome, or (hall profefs the popifh religion,

or (hall marry a papift, (hall be fubjedt to fuch incapacities, as in fuch cafe or cafes are by the faid recited adt provided, enacted, and eftabliflied ; and that every King and Queen of this King and realm, who (hall come to and fucceed in the imperial crown of Qjleen to take this kingdom, by virtue of this adt, (hall have the coronation toaet^roiia 10n oath adminiftred to him, her or them, at their refpedtive coro- . nations, according tp the adt of parliament made in the first , w &Mffi year of the reign of his Majesty, ^nd the faid late Queen Mary, * 6/	*	I#

intituled. An act for ejlaklijhing the coronation oath, and (hall and fubferibe make, fubferibe, and repeat the declaration in the adt first a- the declara-bove recited mentioned or referred to, in the manner and form tlon# thereby preferibed.

III.	And whereas it is requifite and necejfary that fome further Conditions for provifon be made for fecuring our religion, laws and liberties^ from ftcuring the and after the death of his Majejly and the princefs Anne of Den-

mark, and in default of ijfue of the body of the faid princefs, and of	0f the

his Majejly respectively ; be it enadted by the King’s mod ex- princefs Anne cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and the King, fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

THAT whofoever Jhall hereafter come to the pojfeffion of this crown, Jhall join in communion with the church of England,

$s by law ejlablijhed.

That in cafe the crown and imperial dignity of this realm Jhall hereafter come to any person, not being a native of this kingdom of England, this nation be not obliged to engage in any war for the defence of any dominions or territories which do not belong to the crown of England, without the confent of parliament.

That no person who Jhall hereafter come to the pojfejfon of this Repealed by crown, Jhall go out of the dominions of England, Scotland, or Ire- 1 Geo. 1. llat. land, without confent of parliament. ~	*• c* 51*

That from and after the time that the further limitation by this Repealed by alt Jhall take ejfeft, all matters and things relating, to the well go- * ^nnae, c. S. perning of this kingdom, which are properly cognizable in the privy Regaled by council by the laws and cufoms of this realm, Jhall be tranfafted there, , Geo. i .flat. and all refolutions taken thereupon Jhall be ftgned by fuch of the privy V c- S1* counfel as Jhall advije and confent to the j'ame*

That after the faid limitation Jhall take ejfeft as aforefaid, no per- This claufe ex-fon born out of the kingdoms of England, Scotland, or Ireland, or tends not to the dominions thereunto belonging. (although he be naturalized or made a P?rf°js natura• •	A	a	4	denizen>llzgdatorbil~

fon of King Geo. i. to the frown*

4 Ann. c. p Ann. c. 7.

p ftp, i, c. 56'

*	.	s	*•

360 Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio GuLlELMt lit c.3. [1706^

fore the accef denizen, except fuch as are born ^/*Engli(h parents) Jhall be dupable to be of the privy council, or a member of either houfe of parliament^ or to enjoy any office or place of trujl, either.civil ormlitary\ or to have any grant of lands, tenements or hereditaments from tie crown, to himjelf or to any other or others in trujl for him.

That no person who has an office or place of profit under the Ring, or receives a penfion from the crown, Jhall be capable of ferving as 4 member of the houfe of commons.

TJat after the faid limitation Jhall take effeft as aforefaid, judges commiffions be made quamdiu fe benegeflerjnt, and their falaries Aafcertained and ejlablijhed; but upon the addrefs of both houfes of parliament it may be lawful to remove them.

/ That no pardon under the great feal ^England be pleadable toon jmpeachmcnt by the commons in parliament.

IV.	And whereas the laws ^England are the birthright of the people thereof, and all the Kings and Queens, who Jhall afcena the throne of this realm, ought to adminjler the government of the fame according to the faid laws, and all their officers and mintjlers ought to ferve them refpeftively according to the fame: the faid lords fpi-rkual and temporal; and commons, do therefore further hum-* bly pray. That all the laws and ftatutes of this realm for fecuN mg die eftablifhed religion, and the rights and liberties of the people thereof, and all other laws and natutes of the fame now in force,* may be ratified and confirmed, and the fame are by his Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, and by authority of the fame, ratified and confirmed accordingly/

/ ’cap. III.

An ftEl for preventing any inconveniencies that may happen by privilege of parliament.

frGeo.*.c.i4. T?OR the preventing all delays the King or his fubje&s may *	' '	* Jl receive in any of his courts of law or equity, and for their

eafe in the recovery of their rights and titles to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, and their debts or other dues, for iwhich they have caufe of fuit or action ; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent qf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame^ A&ion may be That fr°m and after the four and twentieth day of June, one cprrimenced r thoufand feven hundred and one, any person and persons fhall againft peer or and may commence and profecute any acftion or fuit in any of member of hjs Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminjler, or high court of £?cr 1fnmt^et,ia. Chancery, or court of Exchequer, or the duchy"court of Lancafter, terval of par- Qr i0 the court pjf admiralty, and in all caufes matrimonial and jiaiiieiit, &c. teftamentary in the court of the arches,' the prerogative courts of Canterbury and York, and the delegates, and ail courts of apr peal, againft any peer of this realm, or lord of parliament, or ggainft any of the kpights, citizens and burg$ffes of the houfe ' • ■ • • '•

AM laws for feci* ring the eftablifhed religion, &c.‘

Digitized by Google

^<50.} AriftO'dlidi^frto &d^m6ttrtio GbLiKLMi III. c.j. 361

Idf commons for the time being, or againft their or any of their anenial or other fervants, or any' other person intituled to the privilege of parliament, at any time from and immediately after the diffokrtion or prorogation of any parliament, until a new parliament lhall meet, or the fame be re-affembled and from and immediately after any adjournment of both houfes of parliament for above the fpace of fourteen days, until both lioufes lhall meet or re-aflemble ; and that the faid refpe&ive and after pro-courts lhall and may, after fuch diiTolution, prorogation, or rogation, &c. adjournment as aforefaid, proceed to give judgment, and to Court may «make final orders, decrees and fentences, and award execution glvcJU ®incn # thereupon, any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

- II. Provided neverthelefs. That this a£t lhall not extend to fubje& the person of any of the knights, citizens and burgefles of the hdufe of commons, or any other person intituled to the privilege of parliament, to be arrefted during the time of pri-	.	4

vilege : neverthelefs, if any person or persons, having caufe of person may a&ion or complaint againft any peer of this realm, or lord of have procef* parliament, fuch person or persons, after any diiTolution,-pro- ^afte^dif-rogation or adjournment as aforefaid, or before any fefltons of foiution of par-parliament, or meeting of both houfes as aforefaid, lhall and foment, may have fuch procefs out of his Majesty’s courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, againft fuch peer or lord of parliament, as he or they might have had againft him out of the time of privilege; and if any person or persons, having caufe of aftion againft any of the faid knights, citizens or burgefles, or any other person intituled to privilege of parliament, after any diflolution, prorogation, or fuch adjournment as a-forefaid, or before any feffions of parliament, or meeting of both houfes as aforefaid, fuch person or persons lhall and may profecute fuch knight, citizen or burgefs, or other person intituled to the privilege of parliament, in his Majesty’s courts of King's Bench? Common Pleas > or Exchequer, by fummons and diftrefs infinite, or by original bill, and fummons, attachment, and diftrefs infinite thereupon to be ifliied out of any of the faid courts of record, which the faid refpedtive courts are hereby im-powered to iffue againft them, or any of them, until he or they lhall enter a common appearance, or file common bail to the plaintiff’s action, according Jo the courfe of each refpedtive court; and any person or persons, having caufe of fuit or com- and may exhi-pkint, may, in the times aforefaid, exhibit any bill-or com- bit bill againft plaint againft any peer of this realm, or lord of parliament, * or ^Libe? °8cc. .againft any of the faid knights, citizens or burgefles, or other 1 person intituled to the privilege of parliament, in the high court t of Chanceryi court of Exchequer, or duchy court of Lancajler, and may proceed thereupon by letter or Subpoena as isufual, and upon leaving a copy of the bill with the defendant, or at his houfe or lodging, or laft place of abode, may proceed there-	>

on ; and for want of an appearance or anfwer, or fpr‘ non-performance of any order or degree, or breach thereof, may fe- <-	•

* V	queftej:

. Digitized by LjOOQie

$62 Annodftodc^o&dedmprtwHffGytBaillltf*	Q.4,pTocf.

and fequefter quefter the *ed and ferial eftate of thejpacty» as is uted *he party’s pradtifed whole the defendant is a peer of this realm, but (haft arreft his body1 not arre^ Qr imprifon the body of any of the faid Mtight*, ch-y‘tizens and burgelTes, or other privileged perfoa, during the continuance of privilege of parliament.

Plaintiff pre- HI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That vented from where any plaintiff (hall* by reafon or occanon of privilege of prolecutionby parliament, be ftayed or prevented from profecuting any fuit naHiiment bY bim commenced, fuch plaintiff (hall not he barred by any not to be bar- ftatute of limitation, or nonfuited, difmiffed, or his fuit difr red by any fta-continued, for want of proiecution of the fuit by him begun, tute of limita- but (hall -from time to time, upon the rifing of the parliament, tion, &c.	be at liberty to proceed to judgment and execution.

No aftion, &c. IV.. And it is hereby ena&ed, That no atftion, fuit, procefs, a^ainft the order, judgment, decree or proceeding in law or equity againft *Png’* *Sme" tb* K‘ng’s original and immediate debtor, for the recovery or mate debtor, obtaining of any debt or duty originally and immediately due or payable unto his Majesty, his heirs qr fucceffors, or againff any accountant, or per (on anfwerable or liable to render any account unto his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, for any part or branch of any of his or their revenues, or other original or immediate debt or duty, or the execution of any fuch procefs, order, judgment, decree or .proceedings, (hall be impeached, ftall be ftayed flayed or delayed, by or under the colour or pretence of any parFiament* °* privilege of parliament; yet fo neverthelefs, that the perfan or butperfonnot persons of any fuch debtor or accountant, of person anfwerable liable to be ar- or liable to account, being a peer of this realm or lord of par-refted, &c. foment, (hall not be liable to be arrefted or imprifoned by or upon any fuch fuit, order, judgment, decree, procefs or proceedings, or being a member of the houfe of commons, (hall not, during the continuance of the privilege of parliament, be arrefted or imprifoned, by or upon any fuch order, judgment, decree, proceft or proceedings.

Provifo.	V.	Provided	neverthelefs.	That	neither	this aft, nor any

thing therein contained, (hall extend to give any jurifdi&ion, power, or authority, to any court, to hold plea in any real or mixt a&ion* m any other manner than fuch court might have done before the making this a<ft.

CAP. IV.

An act for off mating wardens and ajfay makers for wrought plate in the cities of York, Exeter, Briftol, Chefter, and Norwich.

WHEREAS the	goldfmith, , and of

this kingdom, remote from the city of London, are tender great difficulties and	hardjhips in the of their trades, for want

of affiayers in convenient places to ajfay and touch their wrought plate: Cities appoint- *or remeily whereof, and for preventing all frauds and corrup-ed for affaying] tions therein, be it ena&ed by the King’s rood excellent mate. wrought ’ jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords (piritual plate.	'	and

¥700.3 Anno doodcdnio & dedmotertioGuiiELMi III. c.4: 363

and temporal, and commons, in thi* ptefent parliament afleto- . bkd, and by the authority of the fame. That the feverat cities By 1 Anns, yrithin this kingdom, where the mints were lately erected for fct. 1. c. 9. recoining the filver money of this kingdom (tost.) Ytrk* Exetery f-Brijtoly Cheflery and Ntrwitb, Stall be, and are hereby appoint- ^ ed for the affaying and marking of wrought plate, and for ”	*

executing the powers, authorities, and diredtions given by this adt.

J\i Be h enadted^ t^ authority' aforefaid, That ifa every Goldrm-rtlM> of the cities aforekhd, the gotdfmrth9, fdverftmths, and plate- &c. in the fcid Workers, who are or (hall be freemen of, or inhabiting within, cities mcorpo-any of the faid cities, and having ferved an apprenticelhip to rated a com* the faid trade of a goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker, fhall be, and are hereby refpedively incorporated a company of or banging to fuch city, and (hall be called and known by the name of The company of goldfmith $ of fuch city refpedively: which and foatt company of fuch city (hall be enabled, and are hereby autho- de^aim^lv rized, annually to choofe two persons to be the wardens of the Qens a faid company in each of the faid cities refpedively : which fakl wardens (hall continue for the fpace of one year, and no longer, unlefs re-eleded by the faid company: and if any of the faid wardens ftrehofen, as aforefaid, (hall happen to die or remove -out of fuch city, then the faid company (hall, within one month after fuch death or removal, choofe another person of their company to be warden in his room, and fuch person fo chofen, tfhaU, and is hereby authorized and required to ad accordingly.

< III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforeftid.

That no goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker in any of the No goldfmith, faid cities, (hall Work or make, or caufc to be wrought or made, fj^e left In any filver veffel, plate, or manufa&ure of filver, left in finenefs fineneft than .than according to the ftandard of this kingdom, which for the ftandard, nor time being is or (hall be appointed by law for wrought plate, fhall fell^anv nor (hall put to (ale, exchange, or fell any plate or manufac- marke<1* ture of filver made after the nine and twentieth day of Septem- IZGeo.a.c.a6* her, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until <fuch time as fuch plate or manufactured filver (hall be marked at followeth, viz. with the worker’s mark, to be exprefled with the two first letters of his firname, to denote the maker thereof, and alfo with the lion’s head erafed, and the figure of a woman commonly called Britdnnia, and with the arms of fuch of the cities aforefaid, wherein fuch plate (hall be aflayed and marked, to denote the goodnefs thereof, and the'place where the fame was aflayed and marked, and alib with a diftind variable mark or letter in Roman character ; which mark or letter (hail be annually changed upon the election of new Wardens for each re- ,

, fpedive company, to denote the yeat in which fuch plate is made; upon pain that all fuch filver veflels, plate, or other Penalty, manufactured filver (except fuch things as by reafon of their £ ce ^ ..fmallnefs are not capable of receiving a touch) which (hall M be made, expofed to fale, or exchanged, contrary to-this ad,

(hall

Digitized by

Google

Anno duodecimo & dccimo tertio'G&LiELMi ill* c.4; [ 170cn

fliaH be forfeited, or the value thereof, one moiety thereof to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as will fue for the fame, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, fair, or information, in any court of record in any county or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, and wherein no effoin, prote<5tion, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

An aflayer to IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, be ele£ted in That there (hall be an able and (kilful man* experienced in af-city, and faying bf gold and filver, eje&ed by the faid company of gold-«ainsper fnnith&in each of the faid cities refpe<EUvely, for whom it (hail pound Troy of and may lawful to detain eight grains only from every pound Elver. v Troy of filver he (hall aflay, four grains whereof (hall be put into the box of diet, and the other four grains (hall be allowed him towards his wafte and fpillings in making the faid afiays; apd who immediately after his ele&ion, (hall take the oath rol-lowing, viz.

Aflayer'. oath. T A- B. do fwear* That I will be faithful and true to our fovereign X lord King William, and will Jo long ds I /ball continue an ajfay-/r, well and faithfully behave my/elf in the faid office, and no undue profit to myfeff takey to the hurting or hindrance of any person that is owner or bringer in of any gold or filver in plate to be ajfay ed* except of plate wrought only four grains of every pound weighty to be taken and put into the box of diet* and other four grains to he taken likewife of every pound weight of plate wrought (and not otberunfe) towards my wafte and fpillings in making the faid ajfays; and that I will touch no gold nor filver, but what Jhall be of the gdodnefs of and according to the Jlandard of this kingdom,, which for the time be-ing is or Jhall be appointed by law for wrought plate; and all fucb gold or filver as Jhall be brought to me to be touched, I will truly fet down in writing, and the fame at all times, as I Jhall be required* will duly and truly deliver again (except eight grains, as aforefaid)

1	and will true accounts make thereof when thereunto required by the

wardens of the companies wherein I am chofen ajfayer \ and that.I will no ajfays make of things new wrought before they be marked with the mark of the maker or owners thereof; and that I will not put into the aforefaid box any filver, but that filver which I JbalLhave fcraped and taken from the plate which I Jhall ajfay and pafs for Jlandard.

So help me God.

Mayor to ad- t V. Which oath the mayor in the refpe&ive cities aforefaid miiiifter the is hereby required and empowered to adminfter to fuch afiayer.

t bo t h VI. lt iS hereby farther ena&ed, That the box or boxes locked with * wherein the diet of all fuch plate as (hall be tried by the aflayers three locks, aforefaid, is put, (hall be locked up with three different locks, and the refpedive keys thereof (hall be kept by the wardens and aflayers of fuch refpe&iVe company, by whom fuch aflayers (hall be eledted and chofen: which box or boxes (hall be at the charge of each r<?fpe<$ive company, conveyed annually (if required

1700,] Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio GuLielmi III. c.4. 365

quired by the lord chancellor or keeper of the great feal of England for the time being) to his Majesty’s royal mint at'the tower of London; and the faid diet therein contained (hall be tried as Box may be *the pix of the coin of this kingdom is tried ; and if in any of annually con-the faid diets there (hall be found any fallhood or deceit, then veyed to the every fuch company, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit theto"er]&c.C Tam of fifty pounds, to be recovered, in manner as aforefaid, penalty on againft fuch company, or any member thereof in his private company. r capacity, and to be difpofed of, as aforefaid : and if any plate p*naIty on :(half be touched, allowed, or marked, for good, by any of the al a^cr* aflayers of the refpe&ive places aforefaid, and if in the fame there (hall be found any deceit, then fuch aflayer, who fo marked the fame, (hall forfeit double the value of the plate fo marked, to be recovered and difpofed as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, 6ne Goldfriitb; thoufand feven hundred and one, every goldfmith, filverfmithwhen?no or plateworker, inhabiting in any of the cities aforefaid, or in aflayer is ap-any other town or place within this kingdom, where an af- pointed fliajl * fayer is not, or (hall not be appointed, and alfo every person cntcr who at any time after the faid nine and twentieth day of Sep-	war-

tember, (halt be a goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker, and dens of the (hall inhabit in any of the cities aforefaid, or in any other company of town or place within this kingdom, where an aflayer is not,Tuch city or (hall not be appointed, before he takes upon him to ex-ercife any of the faid trades, (hall enter his name and his pjintcd. 'mark, and place of abode, with the warden* of fuch com-Penalty on pany of that city or place where an aflayer is or* (hall be ap- goldfinith,&c. pointed; which (hall be done by the laid wardens, upon demand, without fee or reward; and if any fucfcs goldfmith, fil-verfmithi or plateworker, (hall not enter his name* and mark, and place of abode, as aforefaid, or (hall (trike any other mark on plate, but what is fo entred, fuch goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker, fo offending, (hall forfeit double the value of the ' plate fo marked, to be recovered and difpofed as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any person (hall penajty on

counterfeit any of the (lamps appointed by this a6t to be ufed person coun-by the faid wardens or aflayers for marking wrought plate, or terfeiting any of the ^ftamps ufed by the wardens of the company of gold-	.

fmiths of the city of London, fuch person (hall for every fuch i&f\. ^flitted offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recover- ty 1% Geo. *. cd and difpofed as aforefaid.	c. 16.

IX.	And whereas it is not the intent and meaning of this aft to hinder any goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker, not inhabiting , within any of the cities aforefaid, from exercifing his or their trade of goldfmith, filverfmith, or plateworker; yet for preventing of abufe

and corruption therein, it is hereby further enaded. That all Goldfmith, and every goldfmith, filverfmith, and plateworker, inhabiting ji^own in any town or place, where an aflayer is not or (hall not be m^k'o^all appointed, elected, or chofen, (hall first fix his or their mark his plate, &c. upoct all his and their plate which (hall be made ftpin and after and then fend

H the

Digitized by Google

3^6 ^ikio	@[1^; c. 5. [1700^

it to be affay- the faid nine and twentieth day of September (except fuch things ed, &c.	reafon^of	their (Vnallnefs are not capable of receiving the

, .	.	touch) atid (hall then bring or fend the fame to feme city <*r

place where an aflayer is op Shall be appointed, ele&ed, or cho-fen, and the jfrm£ (halt be there aflayed according to this a<5t * If ftandard, and if by the laid aflayer it (hall be found to be of the fineneip aflayer* to of the lbndard, which for the time being is or (hall be by law mark the. appointed for wrought plate, then the fame (hall be marked by 6d*pccpound t^ie fiid aflayer,, as he is by this a6t required to mark the plate Troy. of the respective company by which he (hall have been chofen <an aflayer j and (hall be allowed, Satisfied, and paid towards his chargeand trouble in making fuch aflays, by die owner or owners^ bringer or bringers of luch plate fo aflayed, a fum not exceeding fix pence for every pound Troy, and fo propordonably for eyery greater or lefler quantity of plate fo aflayed and mark-Penalty on ed; ana if any fuch goldfmith, ulverfmith^ or plateworker fliall work or make, or caufe to be wrought or made any filver vef-‘ fel, plate, or manufadure of filver lefs in finenefs than according to the Standard, which for the time being is or (hall be by law appointed for wrought plate, or (hall put to (ale, exchange, or fell .any filver veflel, plate, or manufacture of filver, made ' after the faid nine and twentieth day of September (unlefs it be /uch things as in refipect of their finallnefs are not capable of re-: eeiving a touch) before fuch veflel, plate, or manufacture of filver (hall be aflayed and marked, as aforefeid, every fuch gold-fmifh, filverfinith, and plateworker, fo offending, (hall forfeit r	the faid platq, or the value thereof, to be recovered and difpofed

as aforefaid.

:	CAP.	V.

An act for continuing a former aft to prevent falfe and double returns of members to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAS in the firji fejfion of the parliament«, begun the two and twentieth day ^November, in the feventb year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, an aft was made, intituled. An aCt to prevent faUe and double returns of members to ferve in parliament, which is thereby enafted to continue for the term of /even years, and from thence to the end of the next fejfion ofparliament, and no longer; which faid aft has been found by experience to be very ufe-ful for the prefervation of the rights of the feveral counties, cities, and boroughs of this kingdom, in the eleftion of members to ferve in parliament; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the .	authority of the fame. That the faid a<t, and every claufe

j years f°r t^lcre‘n contained, (hall hereafter remain and be in full force, 11 ^	*' and is hereby continued, for and during the term and fpace of

eleven years, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of the next parliament, and no longer.

6

CAP#

gitized by v^ooQle

1700.] Anno duo^into&<k^^	367

CAP.VI:*

An all for continuing the alh therein mentioned, for preventing theft And rapine upon the northern borders of England.

WHEREAS in the fejfion of parliament, holden in the thirteenth is & 14 Car. 2.

and fourteenth years ofthe reign ifour latefoverei$fiKiqgCb&r- Ct 2Z* les the Second, An all was made, intituled, An ad for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, which was thereby to continue tnforce for and during the term offive years: and xgcar. 2. c. 3. whereas another alt. was made in the eighteenth year, of tbe faid late King, intituled^ An ad to continue a former ad* to preyent theft and rapine upon the northern borderspf England, both which atik were revived and continued by another all, made in the twenty ninth ami thirtieth years of the reign of the faid late King, intituled), An *9 *3° Car. 2. a& for continuing of two former a^for preventing of theft;and c* a* yapine upon the northern borders of England, for and during the mice and term of feveri years, and alfo from thence until the end of Xhefirfi fejfion of,the then next parliament; which three aforemen- 1 Jac. 2. c. 14, tionedaHs were continued by an all made in the firjl year of the late Xing fames the Second, for and during the fpaee ana term of eleven ' year and a\fo from thence until the end of the firjl Jeffion of the then next parliument; and were further continued by another all made in ? & s w<

CbeJeventb and eighth years of his prefent Majesty's reign, for and c. 17. fiiering the fpaee and term of five years, and. from thence to the end if the firjl fejfion of the next parliament; which laws, have been found necejfary for the prefervation of thofe places from that great number aflepxd) diforderly and lawlefs persons, that ufualfy frequent and in-fefied thofe parts, and are now near expiring: be it therefore #>-adecj; by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and <;oa^mons, Ui parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the iame, That the laid ads, and all and every of them, and all Continued for and every matter, claufe and claufes therein contained, and all n years* and every the powers and authorities thereby given, be and continue, and are hereby continued in full force, from and after the expiration of the laft mentioned ad, for and during the fpaee and term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the first feflion of the next parliament, and no longer.

. II. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-and deemed forefaid. That the faid ads (hall be accepted, taken and re-publick puted to be general and publick ads of parliament, of which all *oGeo.i.c.*y« and every the judge and judges of this kingdom in all courts	,	,

(hall take notice on all occafions whatfoever, as if they were publick ads of parliament relating to the whole kingdom ; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

•4-;

To be called the Cottonian library,

and after Sir John Cotton’s death, the faid mamion houfe, library,

^hall'be veiled in truftees, to the ufes following.

CAR m

An act for the better fettling andpreferving the library kept in the houfe at Wcftminftery called Cotton Houfe, in the name and family of the0 Cottons, for the benefit pf the publick.	,	>

WHEREAS Sir Robert Cotton* late of 'Copnington; in the county ^Huntington, baronet, did at his own great charge and expence, and by the djfiftante of the moft learned antiquaries of bis time, collect and pur chafe the moftufefmmcmufcripts, written books, papers, parchments, records, and other memorials in moft languages, of great ufeatid fervice for the knowledge and preferOa* tion of our tonflitution both in church andfate; which manufcripts and other writings were procured> as well from partj beyond the feds, as from feveral private collectors of fuch antiquities within this realmy and are generally efieetrftd the beft .collection of its kind now any^ whPre extattr: and whereas the faid library has been prefervd With the utmofi care aHd diligence by the late Sir Thomas Cotton? 1 fin of the faidSir Robert, and by Sir John Cotton ^/Weftmin-fter now living, grandfon of the faid Sir kobert, and has been very much augmented and enlarged by them, and* lodged in a very proper place in the faid Sir John’s ancient manfion houfe at Wcftminfter, which^k Very convenient for that purpofe: and whereas the fiid Sir John Cotton, inpurfuance of the defire and intentions of his fad father and'grandfather, is content and willing that the faid manfion houfe and library should tontime in his family and name, and not k fold, or otherwise difpofed dr imbezzled, and that the faid library should be kept andprejerved by the name of The Cottonian Libras ry, for publick'ufe and advantage: now for the better fettling and alluring the fame, according to the defire of the faid Sir John Cotton, and at his requeft; be it enadted by. the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and copfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and immediately after the death of the faid Sir John Cotton, the faid manfion houfe, with the gardens, and all other appurtenances, and alfo all the faid library or colledtion of manufcripts, written books; papers, parchments, records, and other memorials, all which are particularly mentioned and named in a fchedule now remaining in the faid library, together with all coins; medals, and other rarities and curiofitieS in the faid library now remaining, be fettled, limited, and vefted in the truftees hereafter named, to have, hold and enjoy to them and their fut-ceffors for ever, to the ufes, intents and purpofes following (that is to fay) as for the faid houfe, gardens and appurtenances, other than the room where the faid library now is, or hereafter may be lodged, and a comtenient way, paflage and refort to the lame, at the will and ejection of the heirs of the family, and the library hereafter mentioned, to the only proper ufe and behoof of John Cotton efquire, of Connington, grandfon and

heir

Digitized by Google

1700.] Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio GtTLlELMi III. c. 7; 369

heir of the faid Sir John Cotton, and after his deceafe, to the John Cotton first and every fon and fons of the body of the faid John Cotton, cfqmre, of to be begotten, and the. heirs males of the body of fuch fon or - s 0 1 fons iffuing fucceflively ; and for default of fuch iflue, to the ufe of Thomas Cotton, brother of the faid John Cotton, for the Thomas Cot* term of his natural life; and after his*deceafe, to thfe first and ton* every fon and fons of the body of the faid Thomas to be begotten fucceflively, and to the heirs males of fuch fon or fons ; and for default of iflue, to Robert Cotton of Giddin in the county of ^d^ert Cottoit Huntington efquire, fon of the faid Sir John Cotton, for the term of Giddin 5 of his natural life, and after his deceafe to John Cotton, fon of . . Cotton the faid Robert Cotton, for his natural life; and after his de- J	*

ceafe, to the first and every fon and fons of the faid John to be begotten fucceflively, and the heirs males of their bodies iffu-Ing ; and for default of fuch iflue to all and every the other fdn and fons of the faid body of the faid Robert to be begotten, and the heirs males of fuch fon or fons fucceflively; and for default of fuch iflue to Sir Robert Cotton of Hattley Saint George in the Sir Robert county of Cambridge, knight, for his natural life ; and after his Cotton ; deceafe, to the first and every fon or fons of his body to be begotten, and the heirs males of fuch fon or fons iflfuing fuccef- . lively; and for default of fuch iflue, to Philip Cotton of Con- Philip Cotton 1 nington in the county of Cambridge, efquire, for his natural life; and after his deceafe, to the first and every fon or fons of hU body to be begotten, and the heirs males of fuch fon or fons iffuing fucceflively; and for default of fuch iflue, to Thomas Thomas Cot-Cotton of Cotton in the county palatine of Chefier, efquire, for ton of Cotton; the term of his natural life; and after his deceafe, to the first and every the fon and fons of his body to be begotten, and theheir9 males of fuch fon or fons iffuing fucceflively; and for default of fuch iflue, to the right heirs of John CottonT grandfon and heir of the faid Sir John Cotton, for ever: and as for and concerning the faid library, and the room wherein the fame is or (hall be contained, together with a convenient paffage for reforting thereunto, upon this trull and confidence, that the faid truftees truftees to in-and their fucceflors lhall and will from time to time, and at all *Pe<a times hereafter, as occafion lhall require, infpedl, confult, and j^brary^. take care of the faid library, and other particulars abovemen-tioned, and alfo make and appoint fuch orders and rules as they lhall think proper, for the reading and uling the fame, and for their better prefervation, and to the intent and purpofe that the faid truftees, or the major part of them, (hall nomi- and appoint a nate and appoint a good and fufticient person, well read in an-* hl>rary keeper, tiquities and records, to have the immediate care and cuftody of the faid library; which person fo nominated (hall, before he takes upon him the faid cuftody and employment, give fecuritv who (hall give to the value of five hundred pounds by recognizance, with fuf- fecur^ty» ficient fureties, that none of the manufcripts, written books* papers, parchments, records, or other memorials, whofe namesr and titles are in the faid fchedule, lhall be loft, or othcrwife imbezzled; and (hall alio, before hctakrti]?on him the faid * Voi. X.	B b	v cuftcwjy

37° Anno duodecimo & dectmo tcrtio Gulielmi III; c.7. [1700;

and take the cuftody and employment, take the oath following before the foxing	lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of England for

0	the time being, in open court, who is hereby impowered and

required to adminifter the fame, viz.

I A. B. do [weary That I Jball and willy during my continuance in the employment of keeper of the Cottonian library, ufe my ut-mofi care and endeavour for the preferving of the fame\ and will not willingly or wittingly permit or fujfer the fame9 or any of the faid books, papers9 parchmentSy records, or other particulars contain• ^ed in the faid library, to be given away, aliened^ difpofedy or other-Wife embezzled.

So help me God.

Houfe and li- II. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That the (aid houfe, brary, &c. not with the appurtenances, and the library, and other particulars iudlnn nts &c ^re&id, (hall never be fubjedt or liable to any judgments, fta-l gmen , . tutes^ reC0gnizances, or any other incumbrances, nor (hall ever be fold or aliened, forfeited or forfeitable, upon any account or Trultees. pretence whatfoever: and further. That the lord chancellor, or ,	lord keeper for the time being, the honourable Robert Harley

efquire, fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and the honourable the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, the lord chief juftice of the King’s Bench for the time being, Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley Saint George9 in the county of Cambridge knight, Philip Cotton of Connington in the faid county efquire, Robert Cotton of Giddin in the county of Huntington efquire, and William Hanbury of the Inner Temple London efquire; (hall be the truftees to and for the purpofes aforefaid; and in cafe of the de- I ceafe of any of the faid lait recited four persons, the faid John Cotton^ or other heir male of the faid family, who (hall be in pofleffion, or intitled to the pofleffion of the manfion houfe by the limitations above recited, (hal) nominate and appoint one or * ‘ more fit persons to fucceed him or them, and fupply the place of him or them fo dying.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, for Bargains, &c. the better fecuring and preferving the faid library. That all bar-©f any manu~ gains, fales, gifts, grants, devifes, or other alienation wliatfo-the^aid\ibra ever> anY the manuferipts, parchments, written papers, ly made void, records, or other memorials in the fchedule now remaining in * the faid library, and alfo of all coins, medals, and other rarities Library keep- *n t^ie ^ai<* ^rary contained, are hereby declared to be abfolute-er to make * ty Void and of none effect: and further. That within fix months new fchedule after any library keeper (hall undertake the faid office, he (hall of the manu- caufe another fchedule to be made in parchment, which (hall Scripts, &c. contain not only the names and titles of all the faid manuferipts, parchments, written papers, records, and other memorials, but ’	alfo the number of the pages and folio’s thereunto belonging,

and inroll the an(j caufe the fame to be inrolled in the high court of Chancerjy as a^° the nsiues of all fuch coins, medals, and other rarities as feeT’	he (hall find contained in the faid library * which laid inroll-

•f-	4	'	meats

Digitized by (^ooQle

1700.] AnnoduodecimO&deci^	III.	O.S-io. 371

ments fo to be made, (hall be taken and received in the (aid Court without any fee or reward for the fame.

IV.	Saving neverthelefs to his Majesty, and all bodies poll* saving fhe tick and corporate, their heirs and fucceffors, arid all and eveiy s other person and persons, their heirs, executors and admini- s ftrators (other than the (aid Sir John Cotton, John Cotton the grandlbn, and John Cotton, and all claiming from, by or under them, or either of them) all fuch right, title, and intereft, as they or any of them might Have or claim, if thi§ ad had never heen made $ any thing iri this ad contained tb the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

1	CAP*	vm.

An ad for railing the militia for one year, although the month’s pay for- EXFty merjy advanced be not repaid.

CAP. IX*

An ad for the recovering, fecuring, and keeping iri repair tie harbour of Minehead, for the benefit and fupport of the navigation and trade of ' this kingdom.

Duties to he paid for woo1,&c. exported or imported into the port' of Enlarged ty Minehead. For wool a halfpenny per ftone, and for woolen and bay joAnnas,c.14* yarn one penny per ftone. Stone to contain 181. All other goods 6 a. f.u per tun. Ship, &c. drove into Minehead by ftrefs of weather, to patV tunnage and keelage, viz. Coafting fhip, &c. of 30 tuns 1 s. of co tuits .. a* as. of 36tuns,&c. trading to Ireland, &c. as. 6d. of 50 tuns trad- »^0,4. C.fc ing, &c. 5 s. Truftees appointed. In cafe of death, Sec. furviving tru-ftees may eled new ones. Truftees may make orders, dired the difpof-ing of the duties, &c. and appoint colledors, Sec. No entry, Sec. to b£ taken until duty hereby granted be paid. See. person authorised may go on board any fhip, Sec. demand the duties, and on nonpayment di* itrain, Sec. Twelve pence per pound allowed for colleding. CoHedor4 to enter in a book all receipts and disburfements, &c, to be ftated year* ly, and delivered to the truftees on oath. Truftees may convey the du* ties as a fecurity for monies to be borrowed, Scc. Lord of the manor of Minehead.to appoint a water bailiff, who is to be fworn. Duties to be . paid to the lord of the manor after expiration of the term. Ad not to take away the ancient rights of the lord of the manor. An account of all expences, &c. disbuned by the mayor, Sec. of Bridgewater, the additional duty, &c. received on goods, See. fhall be entred in a book, See.

Colledor at the quarter feffions for the county of Sbmerfet, yeariy, fhall bring in the (aid book. See. Juftices to furvey the accounts, Sec. and- ex*

. atnine upon oath. When Bridgewater Key fhall be repaired, &c. additional duty to ceafe. Power given to undertaker for repairing Birdlip highways, &c. to Gloucefter, vefted in juftices of peace, Sec. Monies received to be paid to the juftices or order. Diftrefs on nonpayment. Ad not to prejudice any fecurity for money lent. Highways to be repairett within the time limited.

CAP. X.

An a£t for granting an aid to bis Maj for defraying the expence of his navy, guards, and garrifons for one year,

. and for other necejfary occafions. zs. in the pound.,

LXXXIX.	A ND be it enacted by the authority aforefaidj After diflolu-

J\. That no member or the houfe of commons, ^ no from and after the diflolution of this prefent parliament, fhall be member lhall capable of being a commiffioner or farmer of the cuftoms, or of be a commif-iiolding or enjoying in his own name, or in the fiame of any fioner, &c. #f

Bbz	othercuiloms*

372 Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi III. c.io. [1700.

other person in truft for him, or for his ufe or benefit, or of exr ecuting by himfelf or his deputy, any office, place, or imploy-ment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting, or managing the cuitoms.

Member exe- XC. And be it further enaCted, That if any member of the wing office in houfe of commons, from and after the diflblution of this pre- ' capable of fit- ^ent Par^ament5 fhall, during the time of his being a member ting.	of parliament, by himfelf or his deputy, or any other in truft

for him, or for his benefit, take, enjoy, or execute any office, place, or imployment, touching or concerning the rarming, managing, or collecting the cuftoms, fuch person is hereby declared and enaCted to be abfolutely incapable of fitting, voting, or aCt^ng as a member of the houfe of commons in fuch par*

* liament.

No officer of XCI. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore&id, the cuftoms to That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, deftionCofny one fhoufand feven hundred and one, no commiffioner, collec-members. tor, comptroller, fearcher, or other officer or person whatfo-ever, concerned or imployed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the cuitoms, or any branch or part thereof, (hall I by word, meflage, or writing, or in any other manner whatfo-ever, endeavour to perfwade my elector to give, or diffwade any elector from giving his vote for the choice of any person to be a knight of the (hire, citizen, burgefs, or baron, of any county, city, borough, or cinque port to ferve in parliament;

,	and every officer, or other person offending therein, (hall forfeit

Penalty. the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence (hall be committed, to be recovered by any person that (hall fue for the fame, by aClion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVefiminfier, in which no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed : and every person convidt on any fuch fuit, of the faid offence, (hall thereby become difabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place concerning or relating to the cuftoms, or any other office or place of truft whatfoever under his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-/	ceffors.

2 W. & M.	XCIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fir ft year

if. 1, c, ia.	tf the reign of King William and fipueen Mary, intituled, An act

ipx the encouraging the exportation of corn, it is enaftei, That all persons who should export out of this kingdom, into parts beyond the feasy any of the forts of grain therein enumerated, when the prices of fuch corn at fuch places were under the rates therein fety should have paid them by the commiffioners,farmers, or colleftors of his Mo* fifty's' cuftoms of the port from whence fuch corn was exported, upon a certificate thereof and proof upon oath, according to the intent of the faid aft, the fum of five fhillings for every quarter of wheat, ground or unground; three fhillings and fix pence for every quarter of rye, ground or unground; and two fhillings and fix pence for every quarter of barley or malt2 ground or unground : and forajmuch as in

Digitized by Google

1700.J Annoduodecimo&decimotcrtioGuLiELMiIlI. c.it. 373

many ports and places on the coafi of this kingdom, where fuch corn is exported to parts beyond the feas, there is not fo much money received by the collectors of the cujioms artfing by the duties chargeable with the monies given for the encouragement of the exportation of com, as is or may be fufficient to pay or difcharge the fame, according to the intent of the Jaid aft,, fo that there are great arrears in feveral ports, where-by the owners of land* and exporters of corn, are under great difad-vantages in the fale of their corn in thofe parts, and cannot have the benefit of the faid aft, as others in other places have, where fuch allowance is duly paid, according to the intent thereof: for remedy whereof be it enadfced by the authority aforefaid. That if the col- Allowance on ledtor of the cuftoms of any fuch port (hall not have fufficient in the exporta-his hands to fatisfy and pay fuch fum or fums of money which *10n are or (hall be due to any exporter, by virtue of the faid adt, a- c 'lt * riling out of the cuftoms and duties out of which it ought to be how tobe paid, paid, upon demand, according to the intent of the faid a6t, that then fuch colledfcor (hall give to the person demanding fuch fum or fums of money (without fee or reward) a certificate under his hand of what is due to fuch person for the corn exported from fuch port, certifying to the commiflioners of the cuftoms at London, that he hath not monies in his hands fufficient to pay *he fame; which certificate being affixed to the debenture for the corn fo exported, and being produced to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms at London, they the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required, on demand by the person that (hall bring the fame, to caufe the monies thereby due to be paid in three months by the general receiver or camier of the . cuftoms, out of fuch monies as (hall be in his hand, arifing out of fuch cuftoms or duties in the faid port of London, as are chargeable with the payment of any money for the exportation of com, according to the faid adt, without fee or reward 5 any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XI.

jin aft for granting to his Majejty feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, and continuing fe-veral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures, and certain impofitions upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and the duty , of fifteen per cen^ turn upon mujlins, and for improving the duties upon japanned and lacquered goods, and for continuing the coinage duty, for the feveral terms and purpofes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty’s molt duti- Continued and fill and loyal fubjedis, the commons of England in parlia- ma/f ment aflembled, as a further fupply for your Majesty^s necef-1 4 * nnx* fary occafions, have given and granted unto your Majesty the 5 Annae^c.ig. rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do molt humbly be- 1 Geo.i. c.ix. feech your Majesty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted 8* by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice 5ind confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons*

B b 3	in

Digitized by Google

3jr4 Anno diiadedmo & decimo tertio GulielmiIIL e.u. [170<£

< ip thU prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the From *4,M*r. fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, in. 17Q0. until 25 the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred, and until ^?fe tobe* ^enty day qf Afyrcb,<yo$ thoufand feven hundred and paid for low	np	longer, there (hall he paid by way of excife, unto

§j$f his Majesty, his heirs and fucce(Tors, for all low wipes or fpirits. pf the first extraCtioq, ipade or drayvn hy apy diftiller or other perfQn making or drawing fpirits or ftrong waters for fale or ex-* portation, within the Kingdom of England, dominion of Wales,. and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the rates and duties following, over and above the duties payable for fpirits perfe&ly made $ that is to fay.

Every gallon	II. For every gallon qf low wines or fpirits of the first extract

qf low wines tion, made or drawn frqm any foreign or imported materials, 01 or fpirits 49* mixture therewith, fopr pence.

Low wines,&c. JJI, For every gallon qf low wines or fpirits of the first extrac* waX &c?^d. naade or drawn only from any fort of drink or wa(h, brew* per gallon, or ed or made from any fort of malt or corn, other than and ex* from brewers pept brewers wa(h and tilts, °ne peny. wajh id. per IV. For every gallon of low wines or fpirits .of the first ex* I nyothTr ^ ti'aftiP13? made or /drawn from brewers wafh or tilts, or any Englifli mate. Wx*ure therewith, one peny.

Hals three V. For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first extrac. fialf pence per rioq, made or drawn from apy other fort or kind of Englijb ma* gallon. Aerials, or any mixture therewith, three half-pence.

Duties to be VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That collected and jhe feveral rates and duties hereby impofed on the liquors afore* paud aepofd- faid, (hall be piled, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto * ^	Jiis Majesty, hi$ heirs and fucceflqrs, during the time hefore

jnentioned, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, yvays, ,mean$9 and methods, and under fuch penalties and for. feitures as are mentioned, expreffed, and directed, in and by one aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of yxGar.i. p.24. the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking a-Ufay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite and bj 7 W. 3. c. 30. tn*$ts fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon bis Majesty ifi lieu thereof, and in and by qne aft made in the feventh Powers in the year of his Majesty5^ reign, intituled, An act for laying fiyfral PQminuecf^ Unties upon low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, and for \re-■ ■ ■ ■' * venting the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other per fins chargeable with the duties of excife, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excife, and all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and hy the faid acts, arid every or any of them, are provided, fettled, or eftab* |i(hed, for the railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, and afeertaining the auties thereby granted, or any of them (other than and in fuch cafes for which other penalties or pro. yifions are made and preferibed by this aCf) (hall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufea, levied, recovered, and put in execu-fioru fojr (he raifing, levying/ collecting^ recovering, apd pay-

Digitized by Google

i 700.] Anno duodecimo & dedmo tertio Galielmi III. c. 11: 37$

ing the feveral rates and duties pn low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, hereby impofed, during the continuance of the fame, as fully and effectually, to all intents arid purpofes, as If all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions* methods, penalties, forfeitures* claufes, matters, and things' were particularly again repeated and enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

VII* And for the encouragement of diftillers and others to brew and make fpirits and brandies from drink brewed or made from malted corn, and to export the fame, as merchandizes* into parts beyond the feas ; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Duller on diftillers, or others, upon oath made before any two or more o^wbnmdy1* the commiffioners of the excife for the time being, or two or draw* more juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence from malted ~ any brandy, fpirits, or ftrong waters made from malted comcorn* only, (hall be exported (which brandy, fpirits, or ftrong waters, fhall have been made, auring the time before mentioned) that the fame were or was, made and drawn from drink brewed, or made from malted corn, without any mixture with any other materials, and that the fame is not mixed with any low wines not drawn a fecond time, nor with any other brandy or'fpirits made from any other materials, either native or foreign, and that? the duties for the fame are paid or duly erttred in order to be -paid, and that the fame, and every part thereof, are exported as merchandife, and are to be (pent beyond the feas, to export ; fuch fpirits and brandies made from drink brewed or made from malted corn only, as aforefaid, and upon certificate under the hands of the officers of excife for the port or place where fuch fpirits or brandies were fhipt off, of the quantity fo fhipt, and that the fame was fhipt in the prefence of fuch officers, fuch diftillers, or others, fo exporting fuch fpirits or brandies, fhall be to be allowed allowed or paid back by the commiffioners of excife for the time 3 d. per gallon being, or their collector for the port or place where fuch fpirits and brandies fhall be fo fhipt? off, out of the duties on low wines,

Ipirits, and ftrong waters, and Aqua vita^ for every gallon of fuch fpirits or brandy fo fhipt off, the fum of three pence.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ciaufe in a W. That a certain claufe in an aCt made in the fecond year of the &M. ff a.c.j. reign of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen Mary, of blefled continued, memory, intituled. An act for the encouraging the difilling of brandy and fpirits from corny and for laying feveral duties on low wines or fpirits of the ftrfi extraction, relating to ftrong waters, brandies.

Aqua viiee^ and other excifeable liquors brought from the iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Sark or Alderney, and all the charges, duties and penalties, and every article and thing therein contained, fhall continue and be of force and virtue during the continuance of this aCt, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufe was herein word for word repeated and enaCted.

Bb4	IX.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

$]6 Anno duodecimo&decimo tertio GuLiiLMi III. 0.11.(1700;

penalties, &c. IX. And be it further ena&ed by th$ authority aforefaid, how levied. That the penalties and forfeitures, hereby impofed for any of-*	fence	relating	to the faid duties upon low wines or fpirits of the

firft extraction, lhall be one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the fame; and that the fame penalties and forfeitures, for anv offence relating to the faid duties upon low wines or fpi-rits or the first extraction, lhall be recovered and levied by the fame ways, means and methods, as any fines, penalties and for-feitures, are or may be recovered by any of the laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminfter, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, nor any mote than one imparlance (hall he allowed.

puties on cof- X. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all the fee, 8k. and rates, duties, additional duties, impoiitions, and fums of mo-a»l powers in ^ey whatfoever, granted to his Majesty by the aCt paffed in the wVj.c.14* ^xth yearofhis Majesty’s reign, intitulea. An act for granting continued tillto his Majesty feveral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate and 1 May, 1706. fpices towards Jatisfaftion of the debts due for tranfport feryice for 9 Ann. c. 7. the reduftion of Ireland, which were thereby charged or impofed £	upon	coffee,	cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs,

cinnamon, cloves, mace, pictures, or any other matters or things thereby charged, from the first day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, until the fecond day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and which, by an aCt made in the ninth year of his Majesty’s reign, were continued from the first dav of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight,. until the first day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ope, (hall be continued from the thirtieth of April, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, until the first day of May, pne thoufand feven hundred and fix ; and that the * laid aCt of the fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, concerning the faid coffee and other the enumerated commodities aforefaid, and fell the powers, privileges, previfione, penalties, forfeitures, articles and claufes therein contained (and not hereby altered) which were to have continuance until the faid first day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and one, (ball continue and be in full • force and effeCt, until the faid first day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and (hall be praCtifed and executed for railing, levying, collecting and anfwering the duties hereby continued, fpr the ufes and purpofes in this aCt exprefled, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever,

? W. 3. c. *5. . XI. And whereas in the. eighth year of his Majesty's reign an aft was made for licenfing of hawkers and pedlars, which aft, and the impofitions therein contained, had continuance till the four and twen-0 W. 3. c.37. tieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight; and in the rnnth year of his Majesty's reign another aft was made for licenfing of hawkers and pedlars, which aft, with the impofitions therein mentioned, yjcxt. to continue from the four qnd twentieth day of June, one

Digitized by Google

riTOO.] Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi III. c. 11. 377

thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand jeven hundred and one; it is hereby further en- _ afted by the authority aforefaid, That frorh and after the three ^ndnghawk. and twentieth day ot June> one thoufand feven hundred and ers andped- * one, until the four and twentieth day of June, which (hall be lars, and the in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, duties thereby the duties, impofitions and fums of money to be paid by every tinued&untSn" hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and fuch other trading per- june> ,70$# fons as are defcribed in the faid aCt of the ninth year of his Ma-jefty’s reign for licencing hawkers and pedlars, ^nd all the powers for granting licences and other powers, claufes, rules, di- Wholefale trad-redtions, allowances, penalties and forfeitures, articles, matters ers in bone ^ce and things therein contained (and not hereby altered) (hall be ™ wjtbhtbi* continued, and (hall be pra&ifed, obferved and put in execution, Geo. 1. from the faid three and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fe- c. 6. yen hundred and one, until the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were particularly repeated and again enaCted by this prefent a<5t; neverthelefs the faid duties or fums of money to be paid by fuch hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen and Others as afore&id, (hall be for the ufes and purpofes in this a& expreffed, and for no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever ; any thing in the faid recited aCts, or any of them, contained to ^he contrary notwithftanding.

, XII. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That the duty upon muilins, after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, which was impofed by an aCt made in the eleventh year of his n W. 3. e. 3. Majesty’s feign, whereby further duties were laid upon wrought concerning filk, muflins, and fome other commodities of Perfia, China > and iin^Continued the Eafi Indies, which (hould be imported after the five and unt|i so sept. twentieth day of Marchy one thoufend feven hundred, and be- 1706. fore the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, (hall be continued for and upon all muflins which from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and before the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of fFaleSy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy over and above ail other duties payable for the faid muflins; and that all the rules, directions, powers, allowances, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things in the faid laft mentioned aCt contained (and not hereby altered) for or concerning the afcertaining, fecuring, levying or raifing the duties thereby impofed, (hall be revived, praCtifed and put in execution, for afcertaining, fecuring, levying and raifing the duties upon muflins hereby impofed during the time aforefaid, for the ufes and purpofes in this aCt expreffed, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That if the if muflins for faid muflins hereby charged, or any# of them, upon which the which duty is faid further duties of fifteen pound?in the hundred are paid or

fecured ^

Digitized by L^ooQle

3 78 Anno duodecimo & decimo tcrtio GuliElmi III. c. r r # [i70a"

in xi months, fecured to be paid as aforefaid, be again exported at any time ot Duty to bo times within twelve months after the importation thereof, and T<T1)efe i%months t*iat due P*00*7 be first made upon oath, that the goods or mer- 1 enlarged to 3 chandizes fo exported be the lame for which the faid duties are j years by 7 Geo. paid or fecured to be paid as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, and

1.	ttam. c. 11. not otherwife, the lame duties (hall without any delay or reward u lu	be repaid by the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuftoms for

the time being, out of fuch monies as (hall be in his hands of the faid duties of fifteen pounds per centum arifing by this alt, unto the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, making the laid exportations, or the faid fecurity (hall be vacated as to fo much of the faid goods or merchandizes as fhall be lb exported ; any thing in this aft, or in any former aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Species of XIV, And it is hereby declared. That by muflins, the feve-mullin*. ral fpecies following are meant, viz. Awbriaks, abdaties, betellei plain, ftriped pandavarts, rowallew, golconda, oringall, jtmajs, and alfo doreas, coffins, plain and flowred tanjebs, plain and flowed jamdannes, mullmulls, plain and flowred jecoffies, mamohvhktei, | plain and flowred neckcloths, rebing, fallows, comervilles, Jeer-. bands, night rails, aprons, tirindames, callico lawns, and all by padift^Tca- other thin callicoes, commonly called muffins; and that by paint-licc^s, &c. in cd» dyed and ftained callicoes, mentioned in the faid alt of the the alt 11 W. eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign, for laying the faid duty of'

3-	c.3. fifteen pounds per centum on feveral commodities from Perfta, China, and the Eajl Indies, are meant not only all callicoes painted, dyed or ftained, after the weaving thereof, but all fuch . whereof the yam or other materials were painted, dyed or ftain- I cd before the making of fuch callicoes.

Duties on Ja- XV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-panned and faiThat all the duties by any aft or alts of parliament now Lood^import- *n being, charged or impofed upon all or any japanned and laced (hall be paid quered goods which fhall be imported into the kingdom of Eng-ad valorem,	land, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed,

from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and one, fhall be anfwered and paid, according to the true and real value of the fame, to be afcertain-ed by the grofs. price at which fuch goods fhall be fold by th$ r . candle, in fuch manner and'form, and under fuch rules and di-fn thcaft111 & re<^i°ns5 and fubjeft to fuch penalties and forfeitures, as by the J2 W. 3. c. 3. faid alt of the eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign are preferibed and applied to for afeertaining the faid duty upon muflins j nevcrthelefs the (aid die fame ufes, duties upon japanned and lacquered goods fludl be applied and &c’	difpofed to the fame ufes and purpofes to which the refpelHve

duties upon the fame goods, payable in any other manner, by the faid former alt or alts were appropriated or applicable.

18Car.*, c.5. XVI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

*5 Car. i. c. 8. That an alt made in the eighteenth year of the reign of the late x jac. a. c. 7. £jng Charles the Second, intituled, An all for encouraging of coinage, and another alt made in the five andtwentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles, intituled. An act for continuing

Digitized by Google

j^oo.] Anno duodecimo gcdeeimo tertioGuLiiLMi III. c;n#t 37^

ffg a firmer aft cmeming toimge, both which faid ails were revived by an ail made in the first year of the feign of the late King yames the Second, and were further continued by an ail made 4W.&M.

1p the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty and the late c* H* f01* Queen of bleffed memory, to be in force for the (pace of feven years, from the thirteenth day of February, one thoufand fix tinuef for 7 ~ hundred ninety two, and from thence to the end of the first fef- years, fion of parliament then next; following, fhall be and are by virtue of this ail continued, and fhall be in force for the fpace of feven years, from the first day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of parliament then next following, and no longer, to defray the ucceffary expenses pf his Majcfty’s mint.

XVlt Provided alfo, That no information (hall be brought, pr0V;f0 con-foid or prosecuted agaiuft wy common diftiller, vinegar-maker ceming ditlil-&r cyder-maker, for any falie or mifrentry, or offence nude or ler, &c. committed, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and one, unlefs the fame information or informations be laid and entred before fuch porfons appointed to determine the feme, within three months next after every fuch offence committed, and that notice thereof be given to fuch person or persons (againft whom fuch information fhall be laid) in writing, or left at their dwelling-houfes, within one week after the laying and entring fuch information, to the end 0 timely provision may be had and made in defending the fame \

any thing in this a&, or other law to the contrary notwith-

1

. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That No person to po person or persons whatsoever fhall, from and after the nine fell brandy or and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and other diflulled pne, fell brandy or other diftUled liquors by retail, to be drank tad^without" in his, her or thejr houfe or houfes, but fuch persons only as licence, fhall be thereunto licenced and allowed, in the fame manner as By 1 Ann#, common alehoufc-keepers; and every person or persons fo fell- J*** *• c- ?*• ing brandy car other diftilled liquors by retail as aforefaid, fhall repeaUda^to be fubje<5t to the fame rules, penalties and forfeitures for felling dffliUers. drink without licence, as common alehaufe-keepers now are; and the feveral juftices of the peace of this kingdom, and other officers, are hereby impowered and authorised to have and ex-ercife the fame jurifdi6tion, powers and authorities, over fuch retailers pf brandy and other diftilled liquors, which they now have or exerqife over common alehoufe-keepcrs by any law or ftatute whatfpjever.	*

XIX. And whereas by an aft made in the eleventh year of his Ma^ ,, \v. 3. c. 15, jeflf s reign, intituled, An a<St for afcertaining the meafures for re- concerning tailing'ale and beer, it is enafted, That every mayor or chief officer meafures for of each jity, town'corporate, borough or market town, from and after ^ndbefr the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred, Jhall .	*

from time to time caufe or procure all ale quarts and ale pints brought rto him or them refpeftively to be meafared, compared, fixed and equalled yqitb the Jlandard, and then ftgned, Jlamped and marked^ as in

the

Digitized by

380 Anno duodecimo fedecimotcrtioGuLiELMi III. c.n. [1700.

the faid aft is mentioned and defcribed; be it ena&ed and declared, ' That nothing in the faid recited acft contained (hall extend, or be f conftrued or taken to extend, to deprive the two univerfities of \ not to deprive this kingdom, or either of them, of their right privilege and ufage ! verges of1"	equalling, figning, damping and marking of meafures

their right of f°r a^c and heef> within their refpe&ive limits and jurifdi&ions, but that they and each of them refpeeftively, (hall and may hare and enjoy their faid right, privilege, and ufage; any thing in the faid recited adt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XX. And for the preventing all fecret and unlawful importa-

fizing, &c. their meafures.

Foreign brandy or fpirits

imported to be ^on of foreign fpirits or brandy 5 be it enadted by the authority

forfeited.

King may borrow 300,0001. on credit of this aft.

aforefaid. That if any foreign brandy or fpirits of any kind whatfoever, (hall from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, be imported into this kingdom, or be brought into any port, creek, or haven of this realm, in any (hip or veftel, under the burden of fifteen tuns (except for the ufe of the feamen on board fuch (hip'or veffel only, not exceeding one gallon for each feaman) fuch brandv or fpirits (hall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to his Majelty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to fuch per-fon as (hall feize or fue for the fame, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeft/s courts of record at Wejlminjler.

XXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty or his Majesty’s officers in the receipt of his Exchequer, to borrow or take in by way of loan to his Majesty’s ufe, on credit of the faid rates ana duties upon low wines or fpfrits of the first extraction, and of the faid duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and any other things therewith charged, as aforefaid, and of the faid impofi-•tions and fums of money payable by hawkers, pedlars, and pet-

Sr chapmen, and of the faid further duties impofed upon mu-ins, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, as (hall be willing to ad-Intere^for*11 vance or *end t^ie farne* and that intereft for the forbearance 150,0001? and thereof, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per an-71. per cent, num for the first oqle hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, and fe-for the other ven pounds per centum per annum, for the remaining one huo-Mone°°le t	a°d	®fry	thoufand	pounds, which (hall be fo lent, (hall be

no?1 uf betax* avowed and paid out of the fame rates and duties; and that the ed.	money fo to be lent (hall not be rated or afiefied to any publick

tax or afleffment whatfoever.

XXII.	And to the end all the money that (hall be fo lent to his Majesty on the faid duties on low wines, and other the duties before particularly exprefled, may be well and fufficiently feCured and repaid with intereft, as aforefaid, out of the fame, _	.	be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the mo-

paic?*8 ki*5* n*es ar*fing by the faid duties, upon which the faid loans are to pax wee y ^ made, (hall be brought and paid from time to. time weekly

into

Digitized by LnOOQle

1700.] Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio GulielMI III. c.U. 381

into the receipt of the Exchequer (that is to fay) upon IVednef- into die E*> day in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then the chc<iyer-next day after that is not an holiday; and that there (hall be provided and kept in his Majesty’s Exchequer (that is to fay) So^es apart, in the office of the auditor or the receipt, one book in which all the faid monies which (hall be fo paid into the Exchequer (hall be entred apart and diftindt from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fueceffors, upon any account whatfoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, T^es anA That from time to time/ upon making fuch loans, as aforefaid, and on credit of the faid duties on low wines, and other the duties figned for re-before mentioned, as aforefaid, tallies of loan (hall be levied for payment, and all and every fum and fums of money fo to be lent, and that or- mtereit paid ders, according to the courfe of the Exchequer, (hall be drawn JJSk*. and figned for repayment of the fame, and for payment of fuch intereft, as aforefaid, for the forbearance thereof, the faid inte-reft to be. paid every three months, until fatisfadtion of the prin- orders to be cipal fum; and that all and every fuch order and orders, and affigned, &c. the monies therein to be contained, or any part thereof, (hall be affignable and transferrable, without power of revocation, fo as the affignments thereof be indorfed upon the refpedtive orders, and entred or notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, in a book to be there kept for that purpofe ; and that a diftindt regifter (hall be kept in the faid receipt of Exchequer, of all the faid orders of repayment, not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, in which the faid orders (hall -he regiftred in courfe, according to the date of the tallies refpec- ?n^ tively, without any other preference of one before another; and out unduepre-that every person (hall be paid in courfe as his order (hall (land ference, entred in fuch regifter book, out of the faid duties upon low wines, and the faid other duties whereupon the faid loans (hall be made, as aforefaid, which are hereby appropriated thereunto, and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredtiy or indiredtiy, without fee, (hall be demanded or taken for providing or making any fuch book or regifter, or for any view or fearch in the fame, by any of his Majesty’s officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of forfeiting treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered Penalty, by adtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, by any person or persons wno will fue for the fame, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed, either for demanding or taking any fuch lee or gratuity, or for giving any undue preference in point of regiftry or payment.

XXIV.	Provided always, That if it (hall happen that feveral No undue pre-.

of thofe tallies and orders bear date*, or be brought the fame day *e]^nc? wher0 to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, it (hall be interpre- datethe^ame ted no undue preference which of thofe be entred firft.	day,norwhere

XXV.	Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any un-teller p*y$fub*

due fcclucnt 0|V

dtrs, See.

Digitized by v^ooQle

382 Anno duodecimo & decimo terrioGttLlELMi II t. C.ii, [1700;

due preference to incut any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredt* or the clerk of the pells record* andthetellers do pay fubfequetft orders of persons that cbme and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to demand their monies, and bring their orders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referred as will fa-' tisfy,precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, bjit intereft to hut kept for them; yet fo as that intereft of loan fhall in that ceafe.	cafe	ceafe from the time the money is fo referred and kept in

bank for them.

, Monies lent XXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, theV^owing That all the money to be lent by virtue of this ad! upon credit a&Bj 5 of the feveral duties and impositions hereby granted, and all the monies arifing by this adt, of and for the fame duties and impo-fitions reipedrively (the monies of the faid duties and impo(ition$ which are to go in repayment of the loans, arid for fatisfadtion of the intereft thereof, and the charges of railing and levying the faid feveral duties and knpofitions by this act granted, always excepted) and all the monies lent at the receipt of Exchequer, between the eighteenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred, and the tenth day of June> one thoufand feven hundred and one, not exceeding feven hundred thoufand pounds, for which the orders are appointed to be transferred to the re-gifter of orders payable out of two third parts of the monies ariling by another adt of this prefent feflion of parliament, inti-** * 13 W’ 3# tfcfed* An nttfor granting art aid to his Majejly for defraying the ex-*IO# . pence of his naoyv guards, and garrifons for one year, and for other neceffary oecafiom, and all the monies which (hall be further lent to his Majesty upon credit of the faid two third parts of the monies arifing by the adt laft mentioned, and fo much of the faid two third parts as after repayment of all the loans transferred, made or to be made thereupon, and the intereft thereof, and the making of fuch allowances as are to be made by the adt laft mentioned, (hall or may arife or be brought into the faid receipt of the Exchequer ; and all the monies which (hall be lent or advanced to his Majesty upon credit of the weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds of lawful Engiijh money, by any other adt or adts.of this prefent feflion of parliament, to be taken out of certain branches of the excife, for five years from the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, and the monies* arifing by fuch weekly payments (fo much thereof as is tago in repayment of loans thereupon, and the in-xi W. 3. c. a. tereft of fuch loans, always excepted) and all the overplus of the feveral funds, which by certain claufes in the adt for the land tax made in the eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign, were appropriated for fea fervices therein particularly mentioned, and: for land fervice in the office of his Majesty’s ordnance; and for the charge of circulating Exchequer bills, and for half-pay to difbandca officers, and for his Majesty’s guards and garrifons for one year therein mentioned, and for arrears due to the fame; which faid overplus is hereby declared to confift of fo much * .	monies

Digitized by

1700.] Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi III. C. x 1. 383

monies as (hall remain of thofe appropriated funds, after the faid ufes and fervlces are or (hall be fully fatisfied and difcharged, as the faid a6k laft mentioned did direct ([the money due and to be paid to the governor and company ot the bank of England,, out of the faid overplus monies, to make good the deficiency of their fund for the year ended on the first day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred, only excepted) and all the monies to arife by the arrears of the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage and other duties upon goods and merchandizes imported and exported, which were granted for five years, ending upon the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, and are yet unfatisfied, over and above the debentures and other legal allowances which are to be first fatisfied out of the faid arrears; and all the monies which from the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, until die five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and two, (hall arife by the duty of five (hillings per tun upon French (hipping, purfuant to an a<5t of parliament in that behalf made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles 12Car.*, c.4. the Second $ and all the feveral duties which in one year to be reckoned from the laft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and one, (hall arife by virtue of the ad of parliament made and pa (Ted in the feventh year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefly an additional duty upon all 7	c ae<

French goods and merchandizes, and all the monies which from the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, (hall arife by the duty of one (hilling and ten pence for every pound weight of wrought filk, which before the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one,

(hall have been imported from the Eajl Indies, or Perfm, purfuant to an ad of parliament in that behalf made in the ninth year of his Majesty’s reign ; and the monies which from the 9	* c. 44

four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ****** and One, until the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and two, (hall arife by the rents of licences for hackney coaches, purfuant to the ad of parliament in that behalf (the neceffary charges of railing and levying the faid arrears of the fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and the faid du- W.&M. ties of five (hillings per tun upon French (hipping, and the faid C*2Z* additional duties upon French goods and merchandizes, and the faid duty upon wrought filks, and for the execution of the faid ad for licencing of hackney coaches, always excepted) and every of them, be and (hall be appropriated and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated and applied in manner and form following (that is to fay) out of the faid aids, fup-plies, duties, overplus money, and other monies hereby appropriated, as aforefaid, there is and (hall be applied for fea fervice (to wit) for arrears of wages due to officers and* feamen to be applied of the fleet, and for payments upon the recalls, two hundred <br fea fervice. thoufand pounds; for bounty money to the officers of the fleet, ™nty mo“ and for the ordinary of the navy (excluding the charge of the

regifter

Digitized by LjOOQle

384 Anno duodecimo&dccknotcrtio Gui.iELMi III. c.ii. [1706

Repairs of the regifter for featnen) one hundred and ninety thoufand pounds ; fleet, navy, towards extraordinary repairs of the fleet* ninety thoufand and oSnance. P°un<is 5 and for the ferviee of the navy and the vi&ualling Sick and ' thereof, and for the fea ferviee of the office of the ordnance, wounded fea- performed, and to be performed, the fum of nine hundred men.	thoufand	pounds; out of which fum laft mentioned, the fum of

twenty thoufand pounds (hall be applied towards difeharging a ‘further part of the debt due for (ick and wounded feamen ; and out of all the faid aids, fupplies, duties, overplus money, and other monies hereby appropriated, as aforefaid, there is and Land ferviee. fhall be alfo applied for land ferviee, performed, and to be performed, by his Majesty’s office of ordnance, twenty five Subfiftence to thoufand pounds; and to and for fubfiftence, off-reckonings, the guards, and clearings to his Majesty’s guards and garrifons in England, and garrifons. an<j the dominion^ thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) for one year, from the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, the fum of three hundred thoufand Clothiers pounds; and to difeharge debts due to clothiers and others in-debts.	curred by reafon of the extraordinary cxpence of his Majesty’s

guards and garrifons within the year, ended upon the four and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, the Twelve bat- fum of forty thoufand pounds; and for one year’s pay of the tallions. officers and foldiers of twelve battalions, intended for the affift-ance of the ftates general of the United Provinces, and for the contingent charges of the faid battalions for one year, and for Levy money, levy-money to raife five thoufand recruits for the faid battalions, the fum of one hundred eighty one thoufand and thirty three pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence ; for the receiving, iffuing, and paying of which fum of one hundred eighty one thoufand and thirty three pounds, two (hillings and fix pence, or any part thereof, the officers in the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or any of them, (hall not demand or take any fees or reward whatfoever; and for payment of feven quarters intereft due at Seven quar- Lady-day, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, upon the malt ters intereft on tickets remaining unfatisfied, a fum not exceeding thirty feven ma t tickets, thoufand feven hundred eighty eight pounds, and one lhilliing;

the fame to be iffued to the paymafter of the malt tickets by way of impreft, and upon account, for that purpofe; and for pay-Loan	raent one year’s fotereft of the loans remaining due upon the

aicLhefifft 3S ai4 t^ree (hillings in the pound, which was granted to his Majesty, a fum not exceeding thirty three thoufand eight A yftfhundred forty feven pounds, eighteen (hillings, and five pence* moneydue on and for Payment of one year>s intereft for the monies remaining vellum, parch- unfatisfied, which were advanced upon credit of the late duties laid upon vellum, parchment and paper, a fum not exceeding twelve hundred thirty two pounds; and for paying one year’s intereft of the money remaining due upon the third quarterly poll tax, which was granted to his Majesty, a fum not exceeding eighteen thoufand three hundred eighty one pounds, and twelve (hillings; and for paying one year’s intereft of the loans Third 3s. aid. remaining unpaid upon the third aid of three (hillings in the

pound,

ment, &c. Third quar terly poll.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

t^oo.j Anno duodecimo&decimotertioGuLiELWi III. c.ti. 385

pound, which was granted to his Majesty, a fum not exceeding . feventeen hundred thirty eight pounds, and feven pence; and fqr eighteen months intereft of the principal money, remaining due and unfatisfied to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, upon the regifter for the late duties \yhich were charged upon leather, a fum not exceeding fifty two father dti* thoufand nine hundred fixty fix pounds; and for and towards j^alf-pay to half-pay now due, and which (hall grow due to difoanded officers disbanded of* and Soldiers, a fum not exceeding forty one thoufand pounds; fleers and foU and for compleatirig the fixty fixth payment upon the (halt tick- diers. els, fo much as, together with the monies of the malt duties.^ento/riie refting in the Exchequer, and in the hands of the paymafter of mait tickets, the faid tickets, (hall be fufficicnt to compleat the fum of ten ComnufEoners thoufand pounds principal hiohey for the fixty fixth payment*	for

and the intereft thereof, and the benefits attending the feme; and for the falaries of five commiflioners for dating the accounts	*

of the army, trarifport debts ahd prizes, and for incident charges in the execution of their truft, a fum not exceeding three thou* fand and five hundred pounds; arid the proper officer arid offi* cers concerned in the payment of the faid malt tickets are hereby required to indorfe the iritereft which (hall be paid in put-fuance of this a<51, upon every fuch ticket, arid to keep a \\iir| account of fuch payments in a book for that purpofe; qnd the Treaflwy to commiffioners or his Majeftv's treafury, or any three or more	het-e^bv"*

of them now being, and the high treafurer, or any tliree or more.appr0priat:e<i of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are or aflign tal-ftereby directed and authorized to iffue and pay, or to aflign by ^ tallies, or otherwife, as to them (hall feem mod expedient for. his Majedy’s fervice, all the monies hereby appropriated as a-forefaid, for which no other credit is given, to tfie feveral ufes and purpofes by this adt diredted and intended as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, and to allow an intereft upon any fuch tallies or alignments, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annumy for any part of the faid w]th intereft money, which (hall be fo advanced for the purpofes aforefaid, or at6l.'perce«t. any of them.

XXVII, And to the end the fums by this ad! appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other purpofes than are	■

hereby declared and intended ; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the rules and directions appointed and Ruleafnanad en^dted in one ad! made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, iW.&M.(Ta. intituled, An act for granting to their Majejiies an aid of two Jhil- forthe^ppro-lings in the pound for one year, for the fpeedy payment of money priation of the hereby granted into the receipt of the Exchequer by the collec- monies heritors and receivers, and for the diftribution and application there- by given, of, and keeping diftindt accounts of the fame, and all other provisions, pains, penalties and forfeitures thereby enadted, in cafe of diverfion or mifapplication of jany money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enadted to be in force, and (hall be pradifed, applied, executed and put in ure, for and concerning the diftribution and application of the faid fums Hereby ap-

Vot. X,	C	c	propriated,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

386 Anno duodecimo fc dedmo tertloGulielmi til. c.i r. [1700.

propriated, as fully, amply and effectually, as if the fame were here again particularly repeated and re-ena<3ed.

XXVIII. And whereas feveral films of money have, during the continuance of the late war againfi France, and fence, been impreft-id at the receipt of Exchequer to the refpeClive treafurers of the navy, and to the feveral paymafters of the land forces, for the fervid $f the faid navy and land forces, and for the fervice offeveral offices jubordinate to them, hy tallies of fictitious loans, vrith orders for principal fums equal to the films fo imprefted, and for Inter eft thereof at feveral rates payable to the Jaid rejpeClive treafurers and paymafters, or their affigns, with power to them refpeClively to make alignments of or upon fuch orders, for the refpeCfive fervices aforefaid; be it Treafurers of farther enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid re-paymafters^of fpe&ive treafurers and paymafters, and all the officers in the the land forces faid fubordinate offices, who are to render accounts for the mo-and their offi- ney fa imprefted in the Exchequer, {hall fully charge themfelves cers, &C|, (hall upon	(which the faid auditors of the imprefts, or either of

felvef on oatii	f°r time being, have hereby power to adminifter to

with the in- the faid treafurers, paymafters, and other officers, and to their tere(t-monies agents refpeCtively) with all the intereft monies by the faid treaty re* hirers, paymafters, and other'officers refpeCtively, or by their tieror orders re*Pe<^lve agents, received at the Exchequer, or otherwife, for fcc. .	9	or upon account of any fuch tallies and orders, or any of them,

or any part thereof, at any time or times before any aflignment or alignments made of or upon fuch orders, or any of them, by the faid treafurers, paymafters, or other officers refpeClively,

4 which intereft-monies ought, in juftice, to be accounted for to the ufes aforefaid, and (hall fpecify therein every particular fum to received for intereft, and the order or talley upon which the feme were fo received, and the persons to whom the aflignments were made upoh the faid tallies or orders, for which the faid in-Charge to be tereft was received; and that every fuch charge (hall be examin-exanuned by ed by the auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer for the time the auditor of being, with the entries or vouchers remaining in the faid re-the receipt, ceipt, and (hall be attefted by the faid auditor of the receipt, who an a tc e , any omiffion or omiffions be made in the faid charge) (hall Farther pro- rake care to add and furcharge the fame before the refpeSive ac-<videdfor hy i count or accounts of the faid treafurers, paymafters, and other - Annae,ftati. officers before mentioned (hall be declared.

*atidz & tAnn. XXIX. And whereas many persons who pay duties of excite, and 'felt, and feme collectors of the faid duties, and of the late auiiePon malt and leather, have by accidents failed in their credit, and fnoy hereafter fail, and they and their fecurities become infolvent, being indebted to his Majesty for the faid duties, or for monies collected for tbt - fame, and though incapable to pay all the monies due or to grow due from them to his Majesty, may notwithftanding, by the affiflance of friends and relations, be capacitated to pay part of ihfir Jaid debts, which they Would in many cafes do, if a compofition could be made for ' the fame, and fuch persons could be dtfcharged of the remainders of the faia debts; but for want of Jufficient authority to make fuch compo-fitions, fifth debts'do and may frequently become wholly and utterly loft: •1-;	for

Digitized by v^»ooQle

*	joo.'] Antio duodecimo & decitho tfertio GOLIElMi III. c. i. 387

lor remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid*

That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Commiflion-Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them* or lord high ers> may treafurer, or commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, for any fuch debts incurred before the five and twentieth ^rs ofexdfe, day of Marco, one thouiand feven hundred and one* to make fait, &c. whet fuch reafonable compofitions as to him or them (hall feem meet* have tailed, lend upbn payment of money compounded for, in cafe he at they fliall think it reafonable, by warrant to the commiffioners of excife, to difeharge the remainder of the debt or debts fo com-* pounded.

XXX.	And it is hereby enacted and declared* That the ttlo- Monies due t%

pies remaining due to the officers and foldiers of the four marine the 4 marine regiments lately commanded by colonel William Seymour, colonel	to,

Edward Dutton Colt (fuice deceafed) colonel Harry Mordant, and®* cliarSc^ colonel Thomas Brudenell, (hall and may be difeharged and fatif-

fied to them or their afligns, out of fuch monies as were iflued •to the earl of Orford, late treafurer of the navy, for the fervice -thereof, and are ftill undilpofed* or out of fuch monies as are or •fhall be iflued for wages to the prefent treafurer of the navy.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That it (hall and ftelten Arthufc may be lawful to and for Hellen Arthur, widow and relid: of widow, may Rooert Arthur of Hackets Town in the county of Dublin efquire, before deceafed* to go into Ireland, pnd in behalf of herfelf and of her the truftees in children, to enter her and their refpedive claim and claims be- Ireland, ap-fore the truftees appointed by an ad made in the eleventh and ported by twelfth years of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An alt for grant- 11 w'*‘ ing an atd to his Majejly by jale of the forfeited and other ejlates and

interejls in Ireland, and by a land tax /> England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, or before any feven or more of them* to and for her and their refpedive rights and titles to any manors, lands* tenements or hereditaments, and to the refpedive portions of the faid children, at any time before the first day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one: and further, T^e tQ That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every other any other per-perfon or persons, who have by petition tb the houfe ol com- fbn, who hath mons, prayed relief either for not entering his, her or their prayed relief, '’claim or claims within the time, limited by the faid ad, or for not doing thereof according to the diredions of the faid ad, and ' who are mentioned in the report from a committee of the commons appointed to feparate the petitions relating to the faid Itifb forfeitures, to enter his, her and their refpedive claims before the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, in manner and within the time aforefaid; and the faid refpedive claims being fo entred, (hall be heard, adjudged and determined by the

*	faid truftees, according to the diredion of the faid ad; any thing

in the (aid former ad to the contrary thereof in any wife not-“wthftanding. #	^

XXXII.	And whereas feveral persons have exhibited petitions to

*	the houfe of commons for relief if divers matters relating to an aft of

*parliament made i* the eleventh and twelfth yoars of his prefent Ma- n &i2W.^ ^ ' .1	C	C	%	C# **

Digitized by (^.ooQle

388 Anno duodecimo & dccimo tertio GulieLMi III. c.12. [1700.

jefifs reign, intituled\ An act for granting an aid to his Majcfty, by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and inlerefts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned; which faid petitions have been by them referred to Sir Henry Sheers knight, Francis Annefley, and John Trenchard, efquireSy three of the truftees in the faid aft mentioned; and reports have been thereupon made: and whereas it was refolved by the faid houfe, That the faid petitions (except fuchgafes as are certified under the hands of the twelve truftees, and except Juch of the faid petitions as the Irifh truftees in England have certified the matter of fail to be true) be referred to the+rufiees in Ireland, to examine upon oath * '	the matter of f 'aft, and reprefent the fame to the faid houfe j and the

faid houfe appointed a committee to feparate the fame, according to the faid refolution, which were feparated accordingly, and reported to the faid houfe: and whereas fome of the faid petitions now lie before the faid houfe* upon the faid report, and. the reft of them are to be further examined by the truftees nominated by the Jaidaft in order to afcertoin the fafts therein contained; be it enafted by the authority afore-Petitions re- faid. That the feveral and refpeftive eftates, rights, titles, pof-t<fthC fefl*ons and interefts claimed by the laid petitions, (hall not he turn andre- aliened, transferred, removed or prejudiced by the faid ferred, &c. truftees in the/aid aft mentioned, or any of them, until after lands fliall not the end of the next feffion of parliament, except fuch claims as &?. have been already adjudged by the truftees $ and as to the faid the nextfef- Pet*tions fo to be further examined as afofefaid, the fame are lion.	hereby referred to the truftees nominated in the faid aft, to exa-

Bxcepdon. mine the refpeftive allegations contained in the faid feveraLpe-titions, and to report the fame within the fpace of ten days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament; and fuch petitions as lie before the faid houfe upon the faid report as aforefaid, they and every of them (hall and may be proceeded upon, and taken into consideration the next feffion of parliament

CAP. XII.

An act for appropriating three thoufand feven hundred pounds weekly, out of certain branches of excife^ for publick ufes, and for making a provifton for the fervice of bis Majefifs houfhold and family, and other his neceffary occajions.

,	TX7HEREAS	by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the

$w. 3. c. *3. Yy ninth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, towards raifing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, for the fervice of his Majesty’s houfhold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majesty's life, the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds was intended to be fupplied to his Ma-jefiy,for the fervice of his houfhold and family 9 and for other his ne-cejfary expences and occafionsx out of the hereditary rates and duties of excife Upon beer, ale? and other liquors, which %uere granted to the -xaCar.a. c.23. crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Seconj,

* *	*	and	put of tbe rates and duties of excife on beer% ale, and other liquors.

payable

Digitized by v^ooQle

1709/] ■ Annoduoddcimo & decimo tertio Gui^iel mi III. c, 12. 389

payable fir the term of his Majejly's life, by an aft ofparliament made Ottdpajfed in the fecond year of the reign of his Majejly and the late <$ueen of blejfed memory, and out of the revenue of the general letter c* I* tffice, or pojl office, or the qffice of the pojlmajler general., and out of the fmall branches of his Majejly s revenues herein after mentioned; dnd exprejfed (that is to fay) The firfi fruits and tenths of the clergy ; the fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office; the pdf fines; the revenue of the wine licences \ the ikonits .arifing by the jheriffs profers and compofetims in the Exchequer, and by the feizures of uncufiomed and prohibited goods; the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall, and any other revenue arifing by the rents of lands in England or Wales, or fir fines of leafes of the fame, or any of them; and the duty of four and half per centum in Jpecie, arifing in Barbadoes, and the leeward ifiands in America 5 and out of the monies which should arifehy the Jaid aft for the, faid further Jubfedy, of tufinage and poundage 5 and it was ther^y further enafted, That; tf the faid great and fmall branches and revenues, herein before men* tionedy should produce in dear money more than * the yearly fum of feven hundred tboufand pounds, from the five and twentieth day of December, one tboufand fix hundred ninety nine, then the overplus of fucb produce* being mire than the faid yearly film of /even hundred tboufand pounds, should not beiffued, difpofed, made, ufe of, or applied to any ufe or purpofe, or Upon arty pretext whatfoevery without the authority if parliament, Its by the faid aft, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas the neceffity of the publick affairs doth require, that the weekly fum of three tboufand feven hundred pounds of lawful Englifh money fir every week, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day of December, one tboufand feven hundred, and to be taken out of the faid hereditary revenue or branch of excife, and out of the faid duties of excife, payable during his Majejly*s life, and either ^ or any of them, be applied and difpofed to and for the pub-lick ufe and fervice, during his Majejly*s life-, and that the monies arifing, by fuch weekly payments, during the term of five years, to be	f

accounted from the faid five and twentieth day of December, one tboufand feven hundred, be now made a feturiiy or fund of credit for	*	*

raifing thereupon any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight hundred and twenty tboufand pounds, for the immediate fervice of his Majejly* s navy, guards, andgarrifins, land forces, and other publick ufes\ and It is intended, that all the rejl and refidue of the faid particular branches of excife, and all tbejaid other great and fmall branches anil revenues, herein before particularly enumerated and exprejfed, Jball froni the■faid five and twentieth day ^December, one tjooufand feven hundred, be fir the fervice of his Majejly* s houjhold and family, and for other his necejfiry expences and occafions, during his Majejly s life , be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern- . poral, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the faid From *5 Dec. five and twentieth day of December, one thoufcnd feven hundred^ *700. for 5 * for and during the whole term of five years from thence next y*ars> 3>jool. and immediately enfuing, the full, clear, and entire weekly fqm

C c 3	of duties.

Digitized by Google

Anno duodecrmb &dedmottert3oGuUEi^iix III. e.iai.fiyoaf

of three thoufand feven hundred pounds of lawful EngRft money* out of all the monies arifing by the {aid hereditary duties of excife, and by the faid duties of excifc payable during his Majesty’s life, arid by every or any of them, if all thofe duties of excife (hall fb !oftg-continue $ and if the fatd duties of excife, payable during his Majesty’s life (which <Jod long prefem) (hall happen to determine before the end of the laid term of five years* then out of the monies arifing entirely by the laid hereditary duties of excife, for and during all the refidue which (hall be then to come and unexpired of the faid term of five years* (hall be brought and paid by the commiffioners, farmers, re* ceiver and receivers general, for the time being, of the faid du*. ties of excife (who are hereby injoined and required to bring and pay the fame accordingly) into the receipt of Exchequer* diftindlly and feparatdy from all other monies whatfoever thap are or {hall be payable hjf them into the faid receipt* the fern brought and paid into the (aid receipt in- manner and form P. 2.	3	*	following	(that	is to fay) The fum of ninety fix thoufand two

djpeQ. i.c.4. hundred pounds for the first twenty fik weeke, to be reckoned frofo the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, and to end upon tfiedntfday the five and twentw £th day of June, One thoufand feven hundred and one, (hail be brought and paid into the faid receipt as by this a# is fpeci-£lly provided in that behalf; and from and after the faid five am} twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and one, jSuring all the then refidue of the faid term of five years, tfao faid weekly fum or payment of three thoufand feven hundred

Ends, mall, upon IVednefday in every week* if it be not an day, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not aq holiday, as one week (hall fucceflively and immediately follow and iucceed another, be brought and paid into the laid receipt Weekly defi- of Exchequer, for the purpofes in this a<ft exprefied; and in cafe fl**cy Of any) in any week or weeks the whole receipt of the monies of the

{*«•*»** Pe tup-	I	WronrhAe	nr	rliifipc	nf	AvaMV	KptpKv	aHshvyatI	««	o-

Iball be paid into the Exchequer iq manner following. perpetuated by iGeo.i.itaM c. 1. f. 4.

See 2 Annas,

• 3

plied*

Hqw the 96,tool, for the first 26

laid feveral branches or duties of excife, hereby charged as a-forefaid, (hall not be fiifficient to anfwer the weekly payment of payments hereby direded, for fuch particular week or weeks, that then an<l fo often the deficiency and deficiencies thereof fhall be fupplied and made good out of the whole receipt of the jfaid particular branches of excife, and every or any of them* ^riling in the next week or weeks* wherv the receipt or receipts >vill be fufficient to bear the fame.

II. And as to the faid fum of ninety fix thoufand two hun? fired pounds, to be reckoned for the first twenty fix weeks from the faid fivp and twentieth day of December, ope thoufand feveq hundred, and ending upon Wfdnefday the five and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and^one, as aforefaid, it |s hereby ena&ed, That the faid fum of ninety fix thoufand two hupdred pounds (hall be brought and paid into the receipt of

weeks (Wall be Exchequer out of the duties of excife aforefaid, by two thoufand paid into the three hundred pounds a week, for One and forty weeks, to be Exchequer, reckoned from the faid flv£ and twentieth day vf jupf, one thou-&C.	;	'	•	‘	.	fen<|

j 700.] Anno duodecimo & dedmo tertio Gulielmi lit C. 2. 391

land feven hundred and one, fucceffively, and by paying nine-teen hundred pounds, to compleat the laid ninety fix thoufand two hundred pounds, at the end of the two and fortieth week, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of June, tme thoufand feven hundred and one, over and above the con-ftant weekly payment of three thoufand feven hundred pounds aforementioned, for the purpofes in this aft exprefled; and that all the monies hereby appointed to be weekly paid into the faid receipt, as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall be applied arid fiifpofed, and the fame are hereby appropriated, for and towards the repayment and fatisfaftion or the fum not exceeding eight "hundred and twenty thoufand pounds hereby authorized to be borrowed thereupon, and the intereft thereof, as is herein after ^mentioned, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever;

' any former aft or afts of parliament, or other matter or thing yvhatfoeyer to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	0f	t^e

That all the reft and refidue of the laid particular branches of branches of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which lhal! from time excife, &e. to time remain after the faid weekly.payments (hall be made chargeable Out of the fame, and the faid revenues arifing in the faid genera] o/Car“ letter office or poft office, aq<l by the faid fmall branches herein 7oo,oool. to before particularly exprefled, and by the faid further fubfidy of be for the ufe tunnage and poundage, and all other the branches and revenues ©f the King's , herein before mentioned, which were chargeable with the faid &c. ^yearly fum of (even hundred thoufand pounds, as aforefaid, y>

Thai!, from time to time* during his Maiefty’s life, be for the life and fervice of his Majesty’s houftiold and family, and for Other his neceflary expences and occafions; the faid aft made In the ninth year of bis Majesty’s reign, herein before recited, or any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained to the contrary l notwithftanding.

. IV. And it is hereby declared and enafted, That all and eve- Claufes touch-f ry the claufes contained in the faid recited aft of parliament for, ing theover-r pouching, or concerning the overplus or produce of the faid pl^mthe act , branches and revenues, over and above the faid yearly fum of repsakd. ***

(feven hundred thoufand pounds, are and (hall be repealed, void,

.jind of none effeft.

V.	And it is Hereby further enafted by the authority afore* Commiffioncrs „ faid. That the commiffioners of excife for the time being, at the of *xc,£e

head office in London, (hall from time to time feparate and keep { apart all the monies arifing by the faid particular branches of merits int<>the # excife, herein before mentioned, as the fame (hall, from time to Exchequer,.

time, arife or be paid into the faid office of excife by the receiv*

. ers or colleftors of the fame, or by any other person or persons whatfoever; and (hall, out of the monies fo arifing, make the faid weekly payments into the Exchequer, for repayment of loans, and the intereft thereof, according to the purport of this prefent aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if the faid commiflion- Penalty, ers of excife for the time being (hall refufe or negleft to pay or

C c 4	caufe

Digitized by LiOOQle

£9* Anno duodecimo&dccimotcrdo6uLiELMi III. c.12# [1700.

paufe to be paid into the Exchequer the faid weekly Turns hereby appointed, or (hall divert or mifapply any part of the monies which Ihould make good the lame, then they, and every qf them fo offending, (hall forfeit their feveral offices and places, and be incapable to ferve the King in any office or place of truft or prpfo, and (hall be liable fop every fuch offence to pay double the value of the money fo diverted or mifapplied, to any person pr persons, who will inform or foe for the fame, by aftion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, foit, or information, in any of his ^lajefty’s courts of record, at Weftminjlet, wherein no eflbin, proreftion, wager of law, 0/ foote than one imparlance; (hall be granted w allowed.

Con^ptrollerof yil. Apdfce It enabled. That the comptroller of the excife cxcife to keep for the time hefog fhall keep a perfect and diftinft account, ifta the°mouiesaa 'book or books fairly written, of all the monies Which (hall arife arifing by tjie by the faid, particular branches of excife, out of Which the faid particular	,v	*	*	*	~	*	*	'*	'	^

ranches of excife. penalty.

weekly payments gre to be made, as aforefaid, as the fame fhall from time to time arife or be raifed (to which books all persons concerned fhall, at all feafonable times, haVe free accds, without fee or charge) and foph comptroller, in default thereof, (hall forfeit his office or place", and be rendred incapable, as g-forefaid, and (hall glfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch default, to any person or persons who will inform pr fee for the feme, as is before mentioned.

VIII.* And to the end the faid weekly fum of three thoufand fevpn hundred pounds, and all the payments hereby dire&ed to . he ; made into the faid receipt of Exchequer, for Or upon account qF the fame, may he made a fond or fecurity for borrowing thereupon' any Turn or fum^ of rhoney, not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thoufarid pounds, and for repayment thereof, with interest far the fame, he it further enacted by the +\)d\tor to authority aforefeid, That there (hall be provided and kept in eutef in a the offfee of thp aijditQr of the receipt of Exchequer one book, hook the mo- jn which ajl the monies which ought to be paid in weekly as a-forefaid^ for pr upon account of the faid weekly fums out of tie V	faid particular branches of excife, and which fhall be brought to

the faid receipt, (hall be entred apart ahd diftindt from all other pioui$s paid into the laid receipt, on gny other account what-*

. foever. ‘

Perfons may IX, And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-lend 8fao,6ool. fejd, THalt it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or bn the weekly peffons^ natiyes of foreigners, bodies politick or corpprate, to ^6Geo!\.C advance and'Jerid to hfe Majesty, at the faid receipt of Exche-p.4.f.i. tfofe quer, any fom or foms of money, not exceeding the fum of annuities may eight hundred and twenty thoufand pounds,' upon credit of the ?f	weekly payments hereby Appointed to be made, as aforefaid, out

e ou	ea	^ the faid particular branches of excife; gnd that tallies of loans

fhall be levjed for all ahd ’every Turn and Turns of money fo lent, and that orders, according to the courfe of the Exchequer, (hall be drawn, figned, and ilfued for the repayment of the fame, and fpr payment of interdl for the forbearance of every fuch fdm bf 'r 1’	1	“ ' *	’	'	moneys

Digitized by v^ooQle

1700.} Aiinoduod^mo&dcdmotertioGyLiBLMi III. c*i2. 3^3

money, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the four hundred thoufand pounds, and feven pounds per centum fer annum> for the remaining four hundred and twenty thoufartd pounds; which intereft (hall be payable every three months from the refpedtive dates of the faid tallies of loan, until the fatisfadtion of the faid refpedlive principal fqms; and all and every fuch order and orders, and tne monies therein to be con-	T

tained, or any part thereof, (hall be aflignable and tmnifferrable,

♦without power of revocation, fo as the af^gnt^ents thereof be indorfed on the refpedlive orders, and entred or notified in the -office of the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer, in a book to fee there kept for that purpofe; and that "all and every the Turn Money lent and fum$ or money fo to be lent to his Majesty, upon credit of not to be tax* the laid weekly payments, (hall be free from all manned of pub- •*. lick taxes and impofitions whatfoever; and that a di^HnStris11.	; 7 ^

jgifter (hall be kept in thefaid receipt pfExchequer,of^allcfffe .	‘

orders for repayment of the faid (tun not exceeding eigl^fidW-	.y	r>

dred and twenty thoufand pdunds; in which aH tHe“C^a^W^s J fhall be registered in courfe, according to the dates refpedtivelv, without any other preference of ond before jffioj^ter 9 ’ and that all and every person and peifohs fhall be paid ?n courfe,	~

according as their orders (hall (land entred in the faid regifter; f and that all the monies to come in by this adt, of or for the find	# ^

: weekly payments appropriated for repayment of loans, and the interejt thereupon, as aforefeid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtrdn of the refoe<^ivfc lenders, their executors, ad* miiiifrratori, and afligns relpedtivcly, according to the dates of

*	their tallies, iand (hall not be diverted or divertible to any othir

' ule, intent, orpurpofe whatfoever 5 and that no fee, reward, or n0 fee to be gratuity, direduy or indiredtly, be demanded or taken for pro- taken, &c. viding or makipg of any books, entries, regifters,*views, or fearch, irr or for^payment of morfoy lent upon the faid weekly payments; but of the (aid branches of excife, or ihtereft, as a- ;	.

Forefaid, by any of his Majesty’s officer or officers, 4heir clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the Penalty, party aggrieved by the party offending, with cods of fait, or if Jthe officer himfelf take and demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his plade aHo; and if any undue preference of one Penalty on before another (hall be made, either in point of regiftiy or pay- officer making meot, contrary to the true meaning of this adt, in reference to undue prefe-the faid principal and intereft payable out of the faid weekly finite charged on the ftid particular branches of exdfe, then the *	*	[

party offending (hall be iiablc, by adtion of debt or on the cafe, "	;

to pay,the value,of the debt, daihages* and cefts to the party aggrieve^ and (haff be forejudged or his place or office; and-if	\

fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredtion or privity of his mdftgr, then fuch deputy or J 1 clerk (hall alfo be liable to fuch adtion of debt, damages, add cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of any place or offici; and in cafe the auditor (hall not diredt the order; of the clerk of the fells record, or the teller make payment, according toeaeh

*	' '	‘	1	perfop’s

Digitized by v^ooQle

(f$4 Anno cfrodfciinaSc deciroo{wfioGuUELWI IE C. 12. {i700.

performs due place and. order, as afore directed, in reference tp jtbeiaidweckly fum of three tbou&nd and feven hundred pounds* jor. the faid principal and iaterefl to he jpaid out of the fame, then he or they fhall be adjudged to forfeit, and they and their . refpedUve deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to '	fuchadison, debt, damages and cods, in .fuch manner as afore-

penalties how faid j all, which, ^id penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by to be recover-qf theqfficers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies ana clerks, fbpU and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or infqrntapqn, jnany ofhis Majesty’s courts of record at Wtfc .tniaJidTp wj)£rein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law,

. .	injundUoa, or order of reureint fhall be In any wife granted or

allowed.;,	.

Moundue pee- X. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it feencewhere happen tha^ feveraj Allies, loan, or orders for repayment of L. MjP&yfen* upon the.fi^d weekly founf.puitof the find branches day.	Ot excife, beardate or be brought the fame day to the auditor

; of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fhall be interpreted no un-, due preference which qf thole he enters.firft, fo he enters them

; aff the f«ne dey?

nor if the tel- • % rFfpvidod alfo*,,That.it fhall not be interpreted any un-jers pay fubfe, due, preference jto incur any penalty in point of the payment lail quept orders, iiqenqqnqdt if the auditor,dirodt, or the deckqf the pells reoord,

: and the fillers do .pay, .fubf^quent orders of persons that come apd; demand their apiqnief,..and bring their, orders* .befit® Other . persons rthat djd -pot cgme tq. demand, their, money, ana bring , thqr orders,,in tbfflyrjequrlfe^ fo as there befo.mu^money fe-• fetved as -\yill fatisfyprecedentorders; which foallnot beothtr-Wife djfppfed, but kept for them f intereft upon loan being to ceafe ffqpp, the time the money is fo re%ved and kqpt.in fonk

•for them*,.	.....	.	-7.j	,	■'

Charge of col- : XXI- Provided always, and it is hereby ehadte^,. That the Ktefc	.,aJ	levying	the	faid,particular

frayed. branches pf excifo, and .other branches aadTduties before mentioned, which were liable to the faid yearly turn of feven hundred thqufand poqnds, t fhall be born and defrayed out of,the . faid, rdtqnd refidue of. 'the fame branches, and revenues hereby .	•	appointed for the/feryiceof his Majesty’siqufhold and family, j

and qther his qeceflary, q^peoces and opcafions, as aforelaid j.any 1 ,thiqg he*ein cpfUaLnerf fo the contrary fiqtwithftanding. Ittonies’may Xill. provided alip, and it is hereby enabled, That if any be trot on the petfon or persons, bodies ppbxick or corporate, at any time or times after the paffmg of thisadt, and before,fuch time aa four Ing till the*" hundred, thouiand pounds principal monies in the whole fhall preceding . be first lent thereupon, ftmll be willing to advance and lend to 400,0001. be bis Mqj«% way fum or fofis of money, for or in part of the feat. See. fun> offoqr ht#«bedaod twenty thoufand pounds, being thelaft . part of the film not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thou-bmd pounds, authorized to be borrowed upon this adt, that then , it (hall and maybe Iqwfol found for any foch person or perfons,

, bodies politick or corporate,, tp make fuch loan? for or in part

of

Digitized by

Google

) 700.3 Anno^aodecimaSrdecIiDO teftio Gulielmi III. c.ii, $9$

of the (aid laft: four hundred and twenty thoufendpounds, with^	,

-put flaying till the preceding four hundred tnpuland pounds ' . lhall be firr-lent j and that the principal monies upon tlie orders of loan, for or in part of th^faid laft four hundred and twenty ;; thou land pounds, (hall be regiftred and paid ini p purfe as this acp - f. , directs, but (hall take place,, in point of regiftry and payment, ,j , next after four hundred thoufand pounds principal monies,-- ■ • ■	*•

which (hall be first regiftred, or be referved to bp Regiftred upon	•'

this aft; and that the intereft of the laid loans, for or in part pf the (aid four hundred and twenty tjhoufand pounds, (o to hand laft upon the faid regifter, (bal)bepaid every three month? prom the refp^ftive dates of the tallies of loans for the fame, out of the (aid monies to arife, weekly from thp Jpid particular branches of exqife, as afcurelaid, under the like penalties, forfeitures, srid difabilities, for not duly regiftring or repaying the Ironies ho lent, for or ip part of the faid four hundred and twenty ftioufahd pounds, - or;for pot duly paying the kitereft thereof, as are by this a ft provided for not duly regiftring or re- -	k

Eying any other part of the faid monies, not exceeding eight. L 3 .

mdred and twenty thoufand^pounds, Jby this aft authorized to be borrowed, as aforefaid. or intereft of tire fame j any thing in yhisaft contained to the contrary notwithftahdipg.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Provtfo con-ofopefaid, that the governor and company of the bank of ting- ceming the land)until fuch time as they (hall be fully (atished and repaid all the principal monies which they (hall lend upon credit of this lan * jfvft, for or m part of the faid fum not exceeding four hundred and twenty thou&nd pounds, before mentioned, and the intereft thereof, ftiall not be obliged to make any dividend or dividends of the monies, which hereafter (hall become due ant} payable to, and be received by, the faid governor and company^ their fernnts and agents, out of the Exchequer, or any pub-fiofc’ office, npon or by virtue of any tallies or orfters fubfcribeft into the capita) ftock of the faid goyernor and company, pqr(u-ont to the a<ft of parliament made in the eighthyear Of his Ma-jjefty’s reign, intituled|, An act for mat tig good thedefciencesof ft- * W,.#.e.a% vtr<A	funs therein mentioned, and for eulargmgthe capital flock of the

baxhef England, and ftr raifing the pubhct-credit, but at fupjh 'times only as ft>ail be ordered by a general court of the faid governor and company ; any daufe or cjaufes, matters or things yrhatfogver in the aft laft mentioned, or in one, other aft of the pbtth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, jfaagf.tt give fieri- W. j.c. j* ther tijne for the admimfirtng of oaths relating to. tallies and order 's* end for	the eafier difpatcb of tbe publui bjfmefs iu the Exchequer.-,

and in the tank of England, or in any other aft or afts of parliament whatfoever contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- In lieu of th*

' thority aforefaid. That in Keu and difcharge of certain perpe-tual annual, payments, and of all arrears .thereof, granted by "ua Jhe his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by letters patent, out cifegrantedby

of the faid hereditary reyenue of excife, in fatisftiftion of cer- K. Charles 2.

-	1	_	tajH	the hereditary

39® Annodud^mo&d^	3.	[1700:

excifc after *5 tain principal fums menrioned ht ttte faid letters patent to be Sail ftand* t^ien due frp1*1 his faid IatevMajdfty to the refpeflSve patentees charged with therein named; the faid hereditary revenue of excHe (hall, from the yearly and after the twenty fixth day of December, one thoufand feveri payments of hundred arid five,' be arid ftarid chained and chargeable for ever V‘?CrnlU Vrith the payment of annual fums after the rate of three pounds

Crw fViA ni*!n/'ir\nl (iimo monfinn*/) Sn fli«

C« j. f. 7.

per centum per annum, for the principal /urns mentioned in the faid refpedtive letters patent, to be iflued and paid out of the faid Revenue byf quarterly payments, out of the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, tty the officers of the fame, unto the ref-“pedtive owners and proprietors of fuck annual fums, andtd their heirs,and afligns for ever, without any fee or charge, and any fiirthef or other warrant, tp be iflued forth, had, or obtained in that behalf; the faid annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum, t6 be fubjedk neverthelefe to bene* ‘deemed Updn payment of a moiety of the principal fums men* tioned in the laid rpfpedfive Jettefsbitent.	’,

Claufeinn& ‘ XVI. And whereas by the aft faffed in the parliament held in the nW.r.3. c. 10. eleventh and twelfthjears of his prefent Hflfajejlfs reigns jrditulei\ :An adt for the more effidtual employing the poor hjr encouraging the rtiariufa<ftures Qf this kingdom, all wroughtjiIks, hengnus, . Auff} tnixed with Jjlk, herha, if the manufafture of Perlia, China* *' : «r Eaft India, are prohibited to be worn after the nine and twentieth _ . ,	^	of September, one thoufand ftv'en hundred andvne^unlefs the

'	4	:	fame be before that time made up arid ufed in apparel or fumitun\

direftion is by the faid aft given ft# briftgmg of aibfilch goods, os fhall be imported after the faid idne md twentieth	df September,

mone thoufand fetien hundred and eye, <intp a publick tvdrehotgb, in or-]der to the exportation thereof; but no t&’feftion is by the faid aft given for bringing of fuch goods tnto a pubHii warehouse, dsfbould k irn-ported before the faid nine and twentieth day of September: for re-itiedy whereof, be it declared and^nadted by the authority a-forefaid. That fuch of the laid prohibited goods as (hall nave ~been imported 'into this kingdom of England, dominion of ~tVales, or town 6f Berwick trpori Tweedy before-the thirtieth “day of September, brie J thoufandv feven hundred* and one, and lhall not before that time be made up in apparel or furniture, (hall be fubj^etft'to the feme rules and diredtions for bringing thereof into dniS or^morfe publick warehoufe or warehoufes, and ’fuch other proVIfions zi are by the faid adt given and diredted, Touching fiich pf the ftid goods as lhall be imported after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thqufand feven hundred 'and one, 10 as the faid goods be brought to fuch warehoufe or 'Warehoufes, upon or before the tenth day of Oftober, one thou-fend feven hundred and one.

CAK XIII.

delating to prohibited goods explained* Y

An ad to enable bis Majesty to make leafes and copies of offices, lands* and hereditaments, parcel of his duchy of Cornwal, or annexed to the fame; and for confirmation of leafes already made.

AH leafes, &c. made by Car. i. Ja. i. or W. & M. &c. of any offices, lands, Ac. iji the duchy of Cornwal, (hall be good iu few, &c« Provifo that

they

Digitized by LjOOQle

17oi.] Anno declpio tertio Gulielj^i III. c. 1-2^3.	307

they exceed not the term of liyes or years. Covenants, ~&c. in leafe or grant, &c. good in law. Saving of right to all persons, See, Tenant * compounding for taking off/any increafed rent, &c. ot payment of compofition-mofiey, increafed rent to ceafe, &c. King may make any ' ; further grant of grounds, S*c. being part of his manor of Greenwich, to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital.

■	!■	1	I	...■	1	III	nil	I	—■■■■«.,■	Mmitm	.|l»i	.<■■■	■,mmu ■■ 1	n	■

Jlnno Regni GULIELMI III.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the thirtieth	-

* day of December, Anno Dom. 1701. the tbir- tSueath.* 1 teentbyear of the reign ofeur fovereign	William the	:

Thirds by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland,	King, defender of the	faith, &c. and conti-

nued till the eighth day of March following, bn which day be expired.

CAP. I.

An act for reviving and continuing an aft, intituled* An aB for tbt apl g x P* feinting commijfionert to take9 examine, and determine the debts due to the or* my, navy, and for tranfport Service, andedfo an account of prizes taken dn* ring the late *war.	...	f

CAP. II.

An act for punifhing of officers and foldier*, that (hall mutiny oc defert in E XtP. t England or Ireland.

CAP- III.

'An afi for the attainder of the pretended prince of Wales of high trdafon\

WHEREAS the pretended prince of Wales fence the deceafe of the late King James, by the incitation and encouragement of the French King (being bred up and inftrufted to introduce the Romifh fuperflition and French government info thefeyour Majeflfs kingdoms) openly and trenteroufly* sJoith defign to dethrone your Majejly, affumed the name and title of James the Third* King ^England, Scotland* and Ireland, and caufed bimfelf to be fo proclaimed in the kingdom of France,; in manifeft violation of your Maiefly9s mojl lawful and rightful title to the crown, of thefe realms* ana of the Jeveral aftsofparliament made* as well for recognizing of the fame* as for fettling the fiacejfm of the crown* contrary to the duty of his allegiance* and to the dijlurbing of the peace of thefeyour Majejly*s kingdoms: to the end therefore that your Majesty’s good and loyal people of £ngland* afiemWed in parliament, may in the xnoft folemn manner exprefs their utraoft refentmentof fo great an indignity done toyour Majesty’s irtoft facred person and govern-ment, and that the faid traitor may be brought mpre certainly and fpeedily to condign punishment; may it pleafe your-Ma- : jefty that it may be eriafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majeAy* by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual ana temporal* and commons, in this prefent

parliament

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Anno dcdmo tcrflaGtfLiiitifi til. C. 4.	£	1701;

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid pretended prince of Wales ftand and be convicted and attainted of high treafon, and that he fufFer pains of death, afnd incur all 'forfeitures, as a traitor convifted and attainted of high treafon.	*

II.	And for preventing traitorous correfpondrnrp betweenyour Majesty’s fubje£ts and the faid pretended prince of Wales, or his adherents ; bieit further enftdbadby the authority aforefaid, That if any of the fubiedts of the crown of England, from and after the nrft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and one, (hall, within this realm or without, hold, entertain, or keep any intelligence or conrefpondenCe in person, or by letters* ipeffitges, or Dthtrwife, with the faid pretended prince of Wales, or with any perfqn or perfbns employed by him, knowing fuch person to be fb einployed, or (hall by bill of exchange, or other* wife, remit or day any.fumorfuros of money for the ufe or fervice of the laid pretended orince of Wales, knowing fuch money to be for fuch ufe or rerVice, fuch person fo offending, being hwvfullycqnvidfced, fhall be taken, deemed, and adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and (hall fuffer and forfeit as in tafes or high treafon.

III.	And be it further enadted, That where any of the offences againft this adt (hall & committed out of this realm, thl feme may be dUcdged, and laid, inquired of, and tried, in any county of this kingdom of England.

CAP. IV.

An aid for cohlinuhg an a£t, intituled. An adt that the fo-lemn affirmation and declaration of the people called qtiakers, (hall be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form.

TT^HEREAS an a& made in tbt feventh and eighth years of his • profent Maiefty's reign, intituled. An adt that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people called quakers, (hall be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form, was made to continue for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next fejjlom of parliament 5 and the fame will expire at the end of the next fejfms of parliament after doe two and twentieth day of November next: now for the further avoiding the inconveniencies in the faid ad mentioned, to tbofe people and their families, be itena&edby the King’s motV excellent meajefty, by and with the advice and fconfent of the fords (piritual ami temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled^ and by the authority of the feme, That the feid recited idl, with "all the claufes and powers therein contained, (hall dourinue and be in force for and during *°r	term °f eleven, years after the deteyrmution of the faid adt,

vea™.	from thence to the end of the ncilitfiiQn pf ^arliameot.

■ v' ‘	1 ' ‘	''	-1 - v-w ,

Pretended prince of Wales attainted of high ' treafon.

King’s fub- . lefts hohllag ewnfcoad-tocor fit*, with him or with any employed by him, or re-snittingmoney lor his ufe, guilty of high treafon*

Offences committed out of the realf&may be tried in England*.

7 & 8 W. 3

c. 34.

xi years.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

1701-1 Anno dccimo terrio GulielMi III.	359

CAP. V. ’

An act for granting an aid to bis Majejiy, by laying duties upon malt, mum, eyder and petty. EXP. and the duties regranted by an aft 1 Anna, c. 3. f. 2.

XXXIV. AND for the prevention of evil pra&ices in brew-ing beer and ale with fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, or with a late invented liquor or fyrup made from malt and water, boiled up to the confiftency of mei-Iafles, and very much resembling the fame, and commonly called ejfentiu bine* or with other unwhdefome materials j and that no mixture of fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, or of the faid liquor or fyrup, or other unwhole£>me materials, xpay be ufed in the brewing or making of beer and ale ; be it enafted, That from and after the faid tenth day of Aprils jio common brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer and ale, (hall make ufe of any fugar, honey, foreign grains,

Guinea pepper, or of the faid liquor or fyrup, called ejfenttaHne, toculus India, or any unwholefome materials ’ or ingredients whatfoever, in the brewing or making of any beer or ale, or mix any fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper* or any of the faid liquor called ejjentia bine, coculus India* or any un-wholefome materials or ingredients whatfoever, with any beer or ale in calk, after the fame is cleanfed, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

CAP. VI.

An act for the further fecurify of his Maieftfs person, and the fuccejficn of the crown in the protejtant line, and for extinguifbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors.

^JLX^HERE AS by an aft made in the firji year of the reign of x w&M-e* ^ V your mojl excellent Majejiy and your late royal confort Queen *• £

Mary, of ever blejfed memory, intituled, An aft declaring the fights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fucceffion of the crown, it was enafted, ejlablijhed, and declared, That the crown and regal government of the kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belongings should be and continue to your faid Maje/Ues, and the furvivor of you, during your joint lives, and the life of the furvivor of your Afajejlies; and that after the dectafe of your Majejiy and of the faid late Queen Mary, the faid crown and regal government should be and remain to the heirs of the tody of the faid late Queen $ and for default of fuch'ijjuey to her	*

royal bighnefs the princefs Anne of Denmark, and the heirs of her body \ and for default of fuch ijfuey to the heirs of the botly of your Majejiy: and whereas by one other aft made in the twelfth year of your Majejiy*s reign's intituled\ An act for the further limitation lt w. 3. c. s. of the cfowri, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the . Tubjeft, it was enaftedy That the crown and regal government of the faid kingdoms, arid'the dominions thereunto belonging, with the royal

Jlate

Digitized by Google

40o

Afl persons having any office See, under the King,

in England, Sec.

©r in the fer-vice of prince George and princefsAnne, and all eccle-fiaffcal pqr-fons, &c. pra&ifers of toeiavr, Sec*

Anno^derimo tertio GULLElMi III* c.6.	[1701#

flat* and dignity of the /aid realms,and all honours, f iles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurijdifllons and authorities, to the fame belonging and appertaining, after the deceafe of your MajeJly 1 and of the faid prineefs Anne of Denmark* and in default of iffue of the faid prineefs Anne of Denmark, and of your MajeJly ref peflively, fhould be, remain, and continue to the moft excellent prineefs Sophia* eleflrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, daughter of the moft excellent prtneefs Elizabeth late Queen of Bohemia, daughter of our late fovereign lord King Jamesthe Firjl, and the heirs bf the tody of the faid prineefs Sophia, being ptoteflants: and wheteas the French King, in hopes of diflurbing the peace and fepoft of your Majesty and your kingdoms, and creating divifions therein f hathffme the making the faid aft, caufed the pretended prince of Wales to be proclaimed in your MajeJly*S faid Kingdom of France, by the name, file and title of James the Third, King of England, Scotland, cm/Ireland, whereupon the faid pretended prince hath a fumed the faidJHle and title, in open defiance of the provifidns made for the ejla-blijnment of the title and- fucceffion of the crown, by the faid feveral ails of parliament; on which faid abfs the fafety of your Majeflfs royal person and government, the continuance of the monarchy of J England, the prefervation of the protefiant religton, the maintenance of the cbUrch of England as by law eftablijbed, the fecurity of the ancient and undoubted rights and liberties, and the future peace and tranquility of this kingdom, do (under God) entirely depend: to the intent therefore-that the faid adts may be for ever inviolably preferved, and that all future queftions and divifions byreafon of any pretended titles to the crown may be prevented; weyour Majeuy’s moil dutiful and lpyal fubjedts, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, do humbly befeech your moft excellent Majesty that it may be cna&ed $ and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by authority of the fame. That all and every person and perrons, as well peers as commoners, that (hall bear ’ any office or offices, civil or military, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reafon of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or (hall have command 5r place of truft from or under his Majesty, or from any of his Majesty’s predeceflors, or by his or their authority, or by authority derived from him or them, within the realm of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the feveral iilands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or (hall be of the houihold or in the fervice or employment of his Majesty, or of his royal highnefs prince George, or her royal highnefs the prin-cefs Anne of Denmark, and all ecclefiaftical persons, all members of colleges and halls in either univerfity, that are or (hall be of the foundation (being of the age of eighteen years) and all persons teaching pupils in either univerfity, or elfewhere, and all fchoolmafters and u(hers, and all preachers and teachers of fc-parate congregations, and every person that (hall adt as a fer-

\ *	jeant

Digitized by

Google

tj'oi.j Anno decitno tertio (jULlfeLMi III.	40f

leant at law, counfellor at law, barrifter, advocate, attorney* folicitor, prodtor, clerk, or notary, by pradtifing in any manner as fuch in any court or courts whatfoever, who (hall inhabit, refining lit refide or be within the cities of London or TVeflminfler, or with- London, &c.1 in thirty miles diftant ffotn the fame, on the first day of Eajler ^all, in one term, which (hall be in the year of bur Lord one thoufand weftmin* feven hundred and two, or any time during the faid term, (hall fter> in Eafte^ perfonally appear before the end of the faid term, or of Trinity term, &c. term next following, iri his Maiefiy’s high court of Chancery, or in his Majesty’s court of Kings-Bench, Common Pleas, or	. f , .

Exchequer, and there in publick and open court, between the [owing oath* hours of nine of the clock and twelve in the forenoon, take the oath herein after mentioned ; that is to fay*

I A. B. do truly andjincerely acknowledge, profefs, teflrfyahd de± clare> in my confcience before God and the worlds That our fo+ vereign lord King William is lawful and rightful King of this realm, and of all other his MajeJly's dominions and countries thereunto be* longing. And I do folemnly andfincerely declare, Thai Ido believe ih my confcience, that the person pretended to be prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fince his deceafe pretending	x

to be and taking upon himfelf the file and title of King of England* by the name of James the Thirds hath not any right or title whatfo-ever to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereto . belonging: and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure any allegiance of obedience to him. And I do fwear, That I wiill bear faith and true allegiance to his MajeJly King William, and him wifi defend to the utmojl of my power, againjl all traiterous confpiracies and attempts whatfoever, which Jhall be made againjl his person, crown, or dignity. And I will do my befl endeavour to difclofe and make known to his MajeJly and his fuccejfors all treafons and traiterous confpiracies, which I Jhall know to be againjl him or any of them. And I do faithfully promife, to the utmojl of my power, to fupport, maintain, and defend the limitation and fuccejfion of the crown, againjl him the faid James, and all other persons whatfoever, as the Jame is andflandt limited (by an all intituled, An adt declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjedt, and fettling the fucceflion of the crown) to his MajeJly during his Majefly's life, and after his Majeflfs deceafe* to the princefs Anne of Denmark, and the heirs of her body, being proteflants ; and for default of fuch iJJue, to the heirs of the body of bis Majefly, being proteflants: and as the fame by one other aft, intituled, An adt for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjedt, is andflands limited after the deceafe of his MajeJly and the princefs Anne of Denmark, and for default of ijfue of the faid princefs i and of his MajeJly refpeftively, to the princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being proteflants.

And all thefe things I do plainly and fincerely acknowledge and fwear3 according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and underflanding of the fame words, without any equivocation* mental evafion* or fecret reservation whatfoever-Vol.X.	D	d	M

Digitized by v^ooQle

40a	Anno decimoKtertio ^uuelmi III. c. 6. [iyox.

And I do make this, recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, re~ nfiuciation and promife, heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true . faith of a chrijiian.

So help me God.

and fub(bribe	H. Unto which oath fo taken, every fuch person fo taking the

ttie lame. fame fubfcribe or makeiiis name or mark, and during the time of taking the faid oath, all pleasant proceedings in the 'Perfons not faid relpe&iye courts fhall ceafe, and all and every the faid ref-vinguaken pecStive persons and officers, not having taken the laid oath, and WeftminiUr	the fame a? aforefaid, fliall on or before the first day

to take'the * oSAugujl, in the year of our Lord onethaufand feven hundred fame at the and two, at the general or ^quarter feflions for that county, rid-quarter fef- ing, liberty, city, borough, town corporate, or place where he county where pr	be,	inhabit	or	refide,	on	the	twentieth day of Mef,

reildent, See. iu the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and tw*, take, the faid oath in open court, between the faid hours of nine and fubfcribe ^d t wel ve of the clock in the forenoon, and fubfcribe his name, their names. ^Muake his mark under the fame as aforefaid.

Perfons ad- _ |IL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, mitted into .That all and every person and persons that (hall be admitted, m?JitLClVfl!aUr ,ei*trec^ placed or taken into any office or offices, civil or mili-take the faid tary» or fhall receive any pay^ falary, fee or wages, by reafon oath,	of any patent or grant from his Majesty* or fhall have com-

mand or place of truft from or under his Majesty, or by his authority, or by authority derived from him, within this realm of „England, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweedy or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the feveral iflands of JerJiy and Guernfey, or that IhaJl be admitted into any fervice or imploy-ment in his Majesty’s houfhold or family* or of his royal high-nefs prince George, or of her royal highnefs the princefs Anne of ,,Denmark, after the faid first day of Eajler term aforefaid, (ball take the faid oath at the fame time that he or they fhall make

•	and fubfcribe the declaration mentioned in a ftatute made in the ^five and twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King .Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing dangers whkh

and all cede- may happen from popjh mufants, and all ecclefiaftical persons, all fonsC&cPCr- tmen*bers of colleges and halls in either univerlity, that are or 9	*	fhall be of the foundation, being of, or as foon as they fhall at-

*	tain the age of eighteen years, and all persons teaching pupils .in either univerlity, or elfewhere, and all fchoolmafters, and ufliers, and ail preachers and teachers of feparate congregations,

Pra&ifersof and every person who fhall aeft as ferjeant at law, counlellor at ffie law, See.	barrifter, advocate, attorney, folicitor, pro&or, clerk, 0/

notary, by praAifing in any manner as fuch in any court or courts whatfoever, who fhall, at any time after the first day of Eajler term aforefaid, be admitted into, or enter Upon any df the beforementioned preferments, benefices, offices or places, or fliall come into any fuch capacity, or fhall take upon him or them any fuch practice, imploymcnt or bufinefs as aforefaid, fliall, vyithin three months after lie or they Hull be admitted

Digitized by'

Google

tTOi-J Anno decimo tertio GIjlielmi III. c.6.	-54Q3

into, or enter upon any fiich preferment, benefice, office, or ; place, or come into fuch capacity, or Jake upon him or them fuch practice, imploymerit or bufinefs as aforefaid, take and Tubferibc the faid oath iq one of the feid courts at Wejlminjler,

©r at the general quarter feffions of the-county, city or place, where he or they (hall refide. *

IV. Provided, That nothing in this aCfc contained (hall ex- Perfonbeyond tend to any person now beyond the feas, who by virtue of this fea to take the a<3 ought to. take tpe faid oath, fo as fuch person do, within oath Jn t|*rc? three months after his return into England, take the faid oath, return* * er r dnd fubferibe thereunto, according to'the appointment of this ,a<5h

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on /That all and every the person and persons aforefaid, that do or person refor

dudl negleCfc or remfe to take the faid oath, and fobferibe there-	r

to as aforefaid, in the faid courts and places, and at the refpeCt- f^c the oath j ivc tirqfis aforefaid, (hall bt ipfifaflo adjudged incapable and difabled in law, to all. intents and purpofes whatfoever, to have, odciipy dr enjoy the faid office or offices, imployment or im-	*	;

ptoyzrients, or any part of them, or any matter or thing afore-	'

faid, or aqy profit or advantage appertaining to them or any of them; and every fuqh office or place, imployment and imploy-. meats fhall be v,oid, and is hereby adjudged void.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every fuch per- andafoprads /foil and persons who (hall negicCt and refufe to take the faid executing any

oath within the times, and at the places aforefaid,' and* yet after &c* fuck negleCl or refufal (hall by hknfelf or themfelves, his or * their deputy or trnftee, execute any of the faid offices or irrt-- ployments, after the faid time is expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the faid oath, and being thereof lawfully j convi<ftecJ in or upon any information, prefentment, or indieft-. ment in any of the King’s courts at Wejlmitijler, or at the affizes, every fudi person or persons (hall be difabled from thenceforth to fue or ufe any a&ion, bill, \ plaint, or information in courfe of law, or to profecute any fuit in any court of e-

S, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or ad mini-»r of any person, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift,

, or td be in any offke within this realm of England, dominion . of Walesy or town of * Berwick upon Tweedy and (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that fliall fue for the fame, to be profecuted by any atftion of debt, foit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s	.,

courts at Wejlminftery wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law (hall lie.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be Courts of lawful to and for the refpective courts aforefaid to give and ad- Weftminftcr mini (ter the oath aforefaid to the person arid persons aforefaid •, and upon due tender of any person or persons to take the faid Manner of oath, the faid courts are hereby required and enjoined to admi- fubfcribiiig nifter the fame ; of the taking and fubferibing whereof the like the xegifter (hall be kept, as by thp faid aCk made in.the five add	„

Dda	•	twentieth	»tanc’

Digitized by t^ooQle

Perfons forfeiting office by negle&,&c. may nave a new grant thereof, on taking the oath.

Perfons on board the fleet. See. to take the oath in three months after return.

No peer or member of the houfe of commons (hall vote or fit in either houfe, unlefs he take the Mth, &c.

Penalty on peer or member, &Q*

Anno dedmo tertio Gulielmi III. C.6.	[	1701.

twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second was directed to be kept, of the fubferibing the declaration therein mentioned.

VIII- Provided always. That any person who by any negleCt or refufal, according to this aCt, (hall lofe or forfeit any office, may l>e capable of a new grant of the faid office, or of any other, and have and hold the fame again, fuch person taking the'faid oath in fuch manner as aforefaid, fo as fuch office be not granted to, or actually enjoyed by, feme other person at the time of the regranting thereof.

IX.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to any person in his Majesty’s fervice on board the fleet, or beyond the feas, or who (hall go beyond the feas in his Majesty’s fervice before the twentieth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven.hundred and $wo, fo as fuch person take the faid oath, and fubferibe thereunto, as aforefaid, according to the appointment of this a£t, within three months after his return into England.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from an<} after the five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and two, no person that now is, or hereafter (hall be, a peer of this realm, or member of the houfe of peers, (hall vote or make his proxy in the houfe of peers, or fit there during any debate in the faid houfe of peers ; nor any person that now is, or hereafter (hall be a member pf the houfe of commons, (hall vote in the houfe of commons, or fit there during any debate in the faid houfe of commons, after their fpeaker is chofen, until fuch peer or member (hall from time to time refpeCUvely take the oath aforefaid, and fubferibe the fame in manner following (that is to fay) the faid oath (hall be in this and every fucceeding parliament folemnly and publickly made and fubferibed, between the hours of nine in the morning and foirt in the afternoon, by every fuch peer and member of. the houfe of peers, at the table in the middle of the faid houfe, before he take his place in the faid houfe of peers, and whilft a full houfe of peers is there, with their fpeaker in his place \ and by every fuch member of the houfe of commons, at the table in the middle of the faid houfe, and whilft a full houfe of commons is there duly fitting, with their fpeaker in his chair.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any person that now is, or hereafter (hall be, a peer of this realm, or member of the houfe of peers, or member of the houfe of commons, in this or any fucceeding parliament, (hall, after the faid five and twentieth day of March, prefume to vote, or make his proxy, not having taken the faid oath, and fubferibed the fame, as a-forefaid, every fuch peer or member fo offending (hall from thenceforth be deemed and adjudged a popilh recufant conviCt, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and (hall forfeit and fuffer as a popilh recufant conviCt, and (hall be difabled to hold or Execute any office or place of profit or truft, civil or military,

.	,	'	in

tized by Google

X7°i;J Anno dedmo tertlo Gulielmi III. c. 6.	4^5

in any of his Majeft/s realms of England or Ireland, dominion of WAes, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in any of his .Majefty’s iflands or foreign plantations to the faid realms belonging, and (hall be difabled from thenceforth to fit or vote in either houfe of parliament, or make a proxy in the houfe of peers, ortofueorufe any adtion, bill, plaint, or information, m courfe of law, or to profecute any fuit in any court of equity, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any person, or capable of ary legacy or deed of gift, and (hall forfeit for every wilful offence againft this adt the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and received by him or them that (hall fue for the fame, and to be profecuted by any adtidn of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts at Wejlminfter, wherein no effoin, protection, or . wager of law (hall lie.

All. Provided always. That neither this adt, nor any thing a& not to therein contained, (hall extend, be judged, or interpreted to cate any offtake away or make void, any office of inheritance, fo as fuch fi.ccof person or persons having an office of inheritance do or (hall fub- ntancc'&c' (litute and appoint his or their deputy or deputies, according to a provifo in the adt made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of Kind; Charles the Second (intituled. An act for prevent- 25Car. *.c. a. ing dangers which may happeh from popijh recufants) ana fo as fuch deputy or deputies do take and fubfcribe the oath in and by {his prefent adt required and exprefled, and fo as fuch deputy ordeputies be from time to time approved of by the King’s majefty, under his privy fighet.	»

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That it (h^ll and may be Perfonsautfee-lawful to and for any person or persons lawfully authorized to t?adn?£' adminifter or tender the oaths, mentioned and appointed to be n,fterthcoatlu taken by an adt of parliament made in the first year of the reign

of his prefent Majesty and of the late Queen, intituled. An aft j W. & M« ft for the abrogating the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, and appoint- «• c. 8, ing other oaths, to adminifter and tender the oath herein before appointed to be taken, to any person or persons whatfoever; and if any person or persons, to whom the faid oath (hall be lb tendred, (hall negledt or refufe to take the fame, the person and persons tendring the faid oath (hall certify the refufal thereof to the next quarter feffions of the county, riding, liberty, borough, town corporate, or place, in which fuch refufal (hall be made; and the faid refufel (hall be recorded amongft the rolls of that Refufals fo be feffions, and (hall be from thence certified by the clerk ofrccorded# the peace of fuch county, riding, liberty, borough, town corporate, or place, into his Majesty’s court of Chancery or King’s Bench, there to be recorded amongft the rolls of the (slid courts, in a roll or rolls, there to be provided and kept for that pur-pofe only.

XIV.	Provided always, TJiat this adt,. or any thing therein 'Not to extend contained, (hall npt extend to the office oi apy high conftable,t(* or > petty conftable, tithingman, headborough,r pye^feer . of\ the

PQpr, churchwardens, furveyors of the h^hways, or any like ’	’	:i

D d 3	Inferior

rj^6	Anno	primo	ArtNJE.	ft.	i. C.7;	[17011.

1 inferior civil office, or to any office of forrefter, or keeper Of

•	any park, chafe, warren, or game, or bailiff of any manor or

*	lands, nor to any like private offices, nor to any person or per-fons havirig ohly any the before mentioned or tne like offices.

High trcafon XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefakf, to compafe or, That if any person or persons, at any time after the five and telth of the *went*eth! day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, princefs Anne fh*H compais or imagine the death of her rbyal highneft the of Denmark, princefe Anne of Denmark, or endeavour to deprive or hinder her from fucceeding to the imperial crown of this realm, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging, after the de-mife of his M^jefty, (whom God long prfcferve) and the feme tnalicioufly, advlfedly, and diretftly (hall, attempt, by any overt *a& or deed, every fuch offence fhail be adjudged high treafbn, and the offender and offenders therein, their abettors, procurers, and codnfellors, and all and every their aiders and comforters, knowing the (aid offence to be dqne, being thereof Convicted or attainted according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm, fhail be deemed and adjudged traitors, and ftiall fuffer pains of death, and all Ioffes and forfeitures, as in cafes of high treafon.

XVI.	And whereds by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign 7W. 3.0.17. tf his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adl for the better fecuring of his Majesty’s royal person and government, the persons therein '	mentioned were obliged to fubfcribe the affectation therein contained,

whereby the perfoHs ftibfcribing the fame do> amongd &ber things, mutually promife and engage tofand by and affift each other to the utmcft of their power, in the fupport and defence of his Majejly's mo ftfacred person and government, againft the late King James and atl his adherents: and whereas by the death of thefaid late King James the faid claufe is become nfelefs; be it therefore enabled by the authority a-Words to be fcrefaid. That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of omitted in the March, there (hall be omitted and left out of the faid aflociatioa Aflociation; thefe words [againjl the late King James and all his adherents] and others in ert- tj^ room anj pjace thereof there (haH be infertedthefe words \againjt all his Majejly's enemies whatfoever.]

See cap. S. f. 7.

For tie continuance and in -creaje of the duties granted by this aft, fee 1 & 3 Annas, c. 9. 4 Annae, it* 6. $ Anns, c. 19; 1 Gepi 1. flat. 1. c. t. x Geo. 1. ft* *. C. 12. f. 8.

Anno prinio A N N E.Regime. Stat.

1.

CAP. VII.

<jin a8 for the better fupport of her Majejly's boujbold, and of the honour and dignity of tht

Moft gracwus Sprver.ign, ,

WHEREAS by	dn	atl	of	parl

• of the- -nigti of your	Majejly’sroyal brother and , out

late flykriign lord and ktdy King William and Jguten Mary, (of

:	blejfed

6

Digitized by Google

i^oi,]	Apift	primo-AKNA.	ft.	i.	c.	7:	467;.

blejfei memory) intituled, An act for granting to thaeir'M$eftiesVw. & M. ff»

for their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them, certain im-c* 3*

petitions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, it was amongft other

things enafted, That the fevered, rates, duties, and impofitkns upon

beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors, mentioned in an aft of parliament:

made in the twelfth year of the reign of your Majesty s royal uncle

King Charles the Second, intituled, A grant of certain impoiiti- 12 Car. a*

ons upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of hir e. 23.

Majefty’s revenues, during his life, and thereby granted to the faid

late King Charles the Second for his life, should be levied, collected,

add patd to their faid kte Majefties, King William and £hteen .

Mary, during their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them, in Jkch manner and form as by the faidfirft mentioned aft is exprejfed: and whereas by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid laU Majejly King William, intituled. An act for granting to his Majesty a further fabfidy of tannage and poundage, towards 9 w* 3-£.23* railing the yearly fum of feven hundred thousand pounds, f6r the fervice of his Majeftv’s houfhold, and other ufes therein.

Mentioned, during his Majesty’s life, feveral fubfidies of turm&gi and poundage, and other duties upon the Jeveral and rejpeftive wines, goods, and merchandises, in the fame aft particularly mentioned, were granted to his faid late Majesty King William, from the laft day of January, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix bun-dred ninety and nine, during his Majesty's Ufe, for the ufks anipur-profes therein mentioned: and whereas by an aft of parliament made //r10\y^ 3 .c.*u tne tenth yepr of the reign of his faid late Majesty King William, for laying further duties upon fweets, and for lefjening the duties upon, vinegar, and other things therein mentioned, all former duties charged Mon vinegar, vinegar beer, and liquors preparing for vinegar, were determined; and it was thereby (amongft other things) enafted. That from and after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufandfix hundred, ninety nine, there should be paid for and upon every barrelof vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, which jhould he brewed or made of any Englifh or foreign materials, by any perfan or per-Jems whatfoever, for Jale, and fo in proportion for a greater or lejfer quantity, the fum of eight Jhillings \ and that fix pence, part of the faid duty of eight jhillings for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar leer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, jhould be vaifed and paid to his faid late Majesty King William during his life {in lieu of a duty of fix pence charged on every barrel of vinegar beer by thefaid firft-mentioned aft) and jhould be paid, applied, and difpofed of, to and fir the fume ufes and purpofes, as the duties granted by the Jame aft were di-, refted to be applied and difpofed of: and whereas by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King William, JZW. 3 .c. 12. Intituled, An act for appropriating three thoufand feven hundred pounds weekly out of certain branches of excife, for publiefc ufes, and for making a provifion for the fervice of his Majesty’s houlhold and family, and other his neceffary occafions, it zvas drhBngft other things enafted. That from and after the Jive, and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred, for and daring the whole, termoffivey ears from thence next audunmidiatety enfuing,

•	D d 4	the

Google

4*8

it Car. a.

Anno prlxno Anna. ft. i. c. jl	[}7&w

the full9 deary and intire weekly fum of three tboufani feven hundred pounds, of lawful Englifli money, out of all the monies ariftng by the hereditary rates and duties of excife, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and are mentioned ifi the aft lafi recitedy and by the faid duties of excife pay-pble during his Majefiy9 s life, and by every or any of them, if all thofe duties of excife should fo long continue \ and if the faid duties of excife, payable during his Majefiy9$ life, should happen to' determine before the end of the feud term of five years ^ then out of the monies ariftng intirely by the faid hereditary duties of excifey for and during all the refidue which should be then to come and unexpired of the fatd term of five years, should be brought and pmd into the receipt of the Exchequer, by fuch feveral and refpeftive weMy payments, and in fuch manner and form, as in the faid aft are particularly mentionedy for the purpofes by the faid aft direfted: and it is thereby further en-pftedy That all the refl and refidue of the faid particular branches of excife upon bepr, ale, and other liquorSy which should from time to time remain after the faid weekly payments should be made out of the fame, and the revenue arifing in the general letter office or poft office, or the office of pofi mafler general, and by the find further fubjidy of tunnagi and poundage, and by the fmall branches of his Majefiy9 s revenues herein after particularly exprejjedy that is to fayy The firfi fruits and tenths of the clergy, the fines for writs of covenant and ‘ writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, the poft fines, the revenue, of wine licences, the monies arifing by jheriffs prefers and competitions in the Exchequer, and by feizures of meufiomed and prohibited * goods, the revenue of the duchy of Cori>wal, and any other revenue hrifing by the rents of land in England and W ales, and for fines of leafes of the fame, ox any of them, and the duty of four and an half per centum in fpec'te arifing in Barbados and the leeward yiands in America, and all other the branches and revenues therein mentioned> which were before chargeable with the yearly fum of feven hundred thaufand pounds therein expreffied, should from time ta time, during the life of his faid late Majefiy King William, be for the ufe and fervice of bis J'aid late Majejly's hoijhold and family, and for tether his neceffary expetices and occafms: and it is thereby further en- ' afted, That in lieu and dtfcharge of certain perpetual annual payments,, dnd of aU arrears thereof, granted by his late Majefiy King Charles the Second, by letters patent, out pf the faid hereditary revenue of excife, in fatisfaftion of certain principal fums mentioned in the faid letters patent, to he then due from his faid late Majefiy King Charles . the Second, to the refpeftive patentees therein named, the faid hereditary revenue of excife Jhould, from and ajter the twentyjftxtp dayof December, one thoujand feven hundred and five, be andfiand charged and chargeable for ever with the payment of the annual fums, after, the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the principal fums mentioned in the faid refpeftive litters patent, to be iffiued and paid out of the faid revenue by quarterly payments out of the receipt of his Majefiy9$ Exchequer, by the officers of the fame, unto the refpeftive owners and proprietor* of fuch annual fums, and to their heirs and affigns for ever, jn the manner. in the fame aft mentioned > thefaid annual payments.

Google

>7oi.] Anno primo Ann^. ft. i. c.7.	499

after the rate of three pounds per centum, fubjeft neverthekfi to be redeemed upon payment of the moiety of the principal monies mentioned in the faid refpeftive letters patent 5 as by the feveral afts afore recited (relation beingthereunto refpeftiyely had) may more fully appear : now we your Majesty’s mpft dutiful and loyal fubie&s, the commons of England in parliament afTembled, well knowing that the fecurity, peace, and profperity of your Majesty’s realms and	•	-	*

jdominions are concerned in fupporting the honour of the crown of England\ by fettling a; revenue fuitable to the neceflary ex-pences of the fame ; and with due gratitude to almighty God (by whofe gopdnefs your Majesty happily fucceeds to the royal dignify of fhefe realms after a Kang that conftantiy maintained the true religion, laws and liberties therein eftablimed) reflecting upon your Majesty’s moft excellent difpofition to preferve! and continue your people in the full and free enjoyment of the fame religion, laws and liberties, and of all other bleflings which good fubjeCts can heme for in the moft aufpicious reign, whereby our hearts are inflamed with a dutiful affedtion to your Majesty ; and being deiirous of fettling upon your Majesty, for the expences of your civil government, a revenue equal at lead to the revenue enjoyed for that purpofe by any of your royal pre-deceffors, to make a fpecial acknowledgment to your Majesty for your great grace and favour to us your commons, have therefore freely and unanimoufly refolved to give and grant, and do liereby give and grant to you our moft gracious fovereign lady Queen ftnne (whom God long preferve) the feveral rates, duties, impofitions and charges herein after mentioned, during your 'Majefty’s life ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual $and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-j>led, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after Duties grant-the ninth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thoufand ed feven hundred and one, fop and during the term of the natural life of her Majesty Queen Anne (whom God long preferve) the laid rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, Excife on granted to his faid late Majesty King Charles the Second, by the grante/to faid a<ft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late Ring william Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, A grant of certain and Queen impofitions upon beer, ale and other liquorj, for the increafe of his Mary tor Maje/lfs revenue during his lifey and which were granted to their ,^ar a c at. jate Majefties King William and Queen Mary, by the faid aCl Iw.&M. fl.* made in the fecond year of their reign, for their lives, and the i.c/3. life of the furvivor of them (other than and except the faid duty (Except 6d. a of fix pence for every barrel of vinegar beer granted by the fame ^r^er ads) and alfo the faid duty of fix pence, part of the faid duty anl^d. part of eight (hillings, granted to his late Majesty King William, for of the duty of gnd upon every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor 8s* P?r barrel preparing for vinegar, which (hall be brewed or made of any ^ Rafted Englijh materials by any person or persons whatfoever for fale, by if wl j. fq in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, by the faid c. 21.

In what manner duties ihall be levied.

All laws of excife to be in force.

Tunnage and

poundage

continued.

9 W. 3. c. 23.

Duties of ex-crfe, poft office, &c. (hall bo for the fup-port Of the

1

h'

Anfio prinib'AfWAi.1 ft. 1C. 7. [iyof,

hCt made In the tenth year df hi$ reign, fhattSdleried, coHefled and paid to her Majesty*. in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, rheans^and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and expnefled in the before mentioned a<fts, or any of them, relating to the faid duties of excife, or any of them, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excife ; ana that all and every the faid laws relating to the revenue of excife (hall be of full force and effect to all intents and purpofes, for the levying, receiving, afcertaining and recovering the faid duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors hereby granted, tn the fame manner as if the fame were repeated and ena&ed in the body of this pre-i fent aCt.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid further fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods and merchandizes, granted by the ftid aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid lateMa* jefty King William*, fhall, from and "after the faid ninth day of March, during her Majcfty’s life, be raifed, levied, collected, paid and fatisfied unto her Majesty, by the fame ways, means and methods, and by the fame rules and directions, and'with the fame allowances, as are mentioned in the fame aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of hi$ faid late Majesty K\ngWillim\ and the fame aCt, and every article, rule, and claufe therein contained, or thereby referred to, fo far as the fame relates to the railing, levying, collecting* and making allowances out of the faid fubfidies and other duties, fhall be of ftill force and ef* feCt to all intents and purpofes, during her Majesty’s life, as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated and fet down in the body of this aCt.

III.	And it is hereby enaCted and declared, , That the faid hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, and the faid duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, hereby granted to her Majesty for the term of her life (fubjeCt neverthelefs to the incumbrances herein after mentioned) and the faid revenue of the general letter office or poft office, or the office of poft mafter general, and the faid fmaU branches of her Majesty’s revenue (that is to fay) The first fruits and tenths of the clergy, the fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, the poft fines, the revenue of the wine licences, the monies arifing by fheriffs profers and compofitions in the Exchequer, and by the feizures of uncuftomed and prohibited goods, the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall and any other revenue arifing by the rents of lands in England and Wales, or for fines forleafes of the fame, or any of them, and the monies arifing by the faid further fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, and other duties hereby granted, and aH other the branches and revenues which were chargeable with the faid yearly fuiri of feven hundred thoufand pounds (the faid duty of four and an half per centum in fpecie arifing in Barbadm and the Leeward IJlands in America, always excepted and fore-

prized)

Digitized by Google

%70i«]	Afiho	pnmo	ANNifi.	ftt.	c.7.	.	4*1

fritted) iffall fao for tfve foppoft of her Majesty’s hotifhold, and isf the honour and dignity of the crown; yet nevertheless the Duties of ext -feid hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other «f« to -liquors, and the faid nates and duties of excife upon beer,

*	and Other liqours, hereby granted to her Majesty, during hdr for <«

*	life, and every of them, (hallbe liable and fubieft to the Olid week- yiartfroa* t ly payment of three thOufand feven hundred pounds, according 1700* • ito the tenufe and effeft of the faid aft of parliament, made in

-the twelfth year of the feign of his faid late Majesty King William, IaW> ^ % ki thfc feme manner as the faid hereditaiy rates anti duties Of -excife, and the feid rates and duties of excife which were grant- * w- & M. <£ >*d in the lecbnd year of the reign of their faid late Majefttes x‘ c' 3#

*and every of them, jointly or feverally, would have’been liable to the fame weekly payment, if his (aid Majesty had Continued In this life, during the laid term of five years \ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted and declared, After expira-That from and after the expiration of the faid term of five tionof the faid years, ib much money as together with the feid payments, after ^S^ppHed. the rate of three pounds per centum per atmumy then to com- pp rrtence and to be applied for fatisfaftion of the faid patentees,

*and thofe claiming under them, as aforefaid, fhall make up the For tbefarther Aim of three thoufend feven hundred pounds for every Week, application of during her Majesty’s life, (hall and may be taken out of the Tatd hereditaiy rates and duties of excife, and out of the rates ^ AnMlbt <atid duties ot excife hereby granted to her Majesty for her life, J*c,,,, f# zf ^rtd either or any of them; and the faid payments after the rate «>Cthree pounds per centum per annum9 being dedufted out of the hereditary part thereof, the refidue of the faid three thoufand Teven hundred pounds per week, be applied and difpofed of to and fpr the publick ufe and fervice \ any thing herein contained fto the contrary notwithftanding.

' V. And whereas the necejjary expences of fupporting the crown, or the greatefi part of them, were formerly defrayed by a land revenue, t'tvhkh hath from time to time been impaired and diminifhed by the grants of former Kings and Queens of this realmy Jo that berJAa-jefifs land revenues at prefent can afford very littU towards the fup~

<port of her government; neverthelejs from time to timey upon the determination of the particular efiatesy whereupon many reverfions and remainders in the crown do now depend or expert y and by fuch landsy tenements and hereditaments as may hereafter defendL efcheat% or otherwife accrue or tome to her Majesty y her heirs or fucceJJorsy the' land revenues of the crown, in fines y rents, and other profits thereof may hereafter 'be increafeiy and confequently the burthen upon the tfiates of tbefvbjcfts of this realm may be eafed and lejfened in allfuture provifions to be made for the expences of the civil government:

To the end therefore that the land revenues of the crown may hfe preferred, improved and increafed for the beft advantage . thereof, be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid.

That ail and every grant, leaffe, or other affufance, which from	-

and

Digitized by

Google

4it	Anno primo Ann^. ft. i, c.7.	[1701:

For prcferv- and after the five and twentieth day oiMarch^ in the year 0f ing, &c. the our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and two, (hall be made J^tbe crown, or 8^^ hy her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, Kings or no grant (hall Queens of this realm, unaer the great feal of England■, Exche-be made of quer feal, feals of the duchy and county palatine of Lantajlery manors» or any of them, or by copy of court roll or otherwife howfo-lonringto the cver> anY mznoTS* meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, crown, unlefs woods, or other hereditaments, (advowfons of churches and for 31 years or vicarages only excepted) within the kingdom of England, do-3 lives, &e. minion of Wales^ or town of Berwick upon Tweedy or any of ;	them, or any part thereof,* now belonging or hereafter to be-

r - lpng to her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, or to any other person or persons in truft for her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, ufe or expectancy, whether the fame be or ftiaU be in right of the crown of England, or as part of the principality of Wales, or of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajler, or otherwife howfoever, to any person or persons, body politick or corporate whatfoever, whereby any eftate or intereft whatfoever, in law or equity, (hall or may pals from her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, (hall be utterly void and of none effeCt, unlefs fuch grant, leafe, or affurance he made, for (bme term or eftate, not exceeding one and thirty years, or three lives, or for fome term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives ; and unlefs luch grant, leafe or affurance refpeCtively, be made to commence from the date or making thereof; and if fuch grant, leafe or affurance, be made to take effeCl in reverfion or expeClancy, that then the fame,

......... together with the eftate or eftates in poffeffion of and in the

premiffes therein contained, do not exceed three lives, or the '	term of one and thirty years in the whole ; and unlefs fuch

grant, leafe or affurance refpeCnvely be fo made, that the ten-Tenant pu- ant be liable to punifhment for wafte ; and unlefs there be re-uifhable for ferved upon every fuch grant, leafe or affurance refpe&ively, the ancient or moft ufual rent, or more, or fuch rent as hath been ri^ved^c. refervcd> yielded, and paid for fuch of the faid manors, roeflu-9	0	ages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, or other hereditaments, as

(hall be therein contained, for the greater part of twenty years before the making thereof; and where no fuch rent (hall have been referved or payable, that then upon every fuch grant, leafe, or affurance, there be referved a reasonable rent, not being un* der the third part of the clear yearly value of fuch of the faid manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, tithes, or other heredi-and payable to taments> aS fhaU be contained in fuch leafe or grant; and unlefs the(^iLn,&c. fuch refpe&ive rents be made payable to hee-Majefty, her heirs 3 or fucceffors, who (hall make fuch leafe or grant, and to her or their heirs or fucceffors, during the whole term or time of the "continuance thereof refpedtively.

Tenements, VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared &c. belonging by the authority aforefaid. That from time to time, where the to the crown, greateft part of the yearly value of any tenements or heredita-reparation"5	belonging, or hereafter to belong, tp her Majesty, hpr

Digitized by v^.ooQle

not difpamfli-

1701. J	Aftnoprimo Ati&M. ft.j. c.7.	41-3

heirs or fucceflbrs, doth or (hall* at the time of making any leafe or to be re-or grant thereof, confift of the building or buildings thereupon, which may want to be repaired or re-edified, in all and every fuch cafe and cafes, to encourage the rebuilding .dr reparation nements for 50 thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her years or 3 heirs and fucceffors, at any time after the faid five and twentieth “ves, day of Marche in theyeaf of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and two, to demife or grant fuch tenements or hereditaments to any person or persons for any term or eftate, fo as fiich term or eftate do not exceed fifty years, or three lives, and fo as fuch leafe or grant be made to commence from the date or making thereof 5 or if fuch grant or leafe be made to take effect	'

in reverfion or expectancy, that then the fame, together with	r

the eftate or eftates in pofieffion, of and in the fame tenements or hereditaments, do not exceed fifty years, or three lives, from J' the date or making, as aforefaid, ana fo as the fame be not made difpunifhable of wafte, and fo as there be referved and payable w ^ u»iui-upon every fuch leafe or grant, during fuch term, not exceeding ^lVof^walteV fifty years, or three lives, as much rent as is by this aeft required to be referved for the fame tenements or hereditaments	»

refpeftively, in cafe of a leafe, not exceeding one and thirty - years, or three lives, as aforefaid, and not otherwife; anything	\

herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And to the intent the inheritance which her Majesty hath of and in the faid hereditary duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, and of and in the faid revenue arifing in the faid general letter office or poft office* and in the fmall branches of her Majesty’s revenue herein after mentioned (that is to fay)

The first fruits and tenths of the clergy, the fines for writs of*	':

covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, '	‘	-	*

the poft fines, the revenue of the wine licences, and the revenue arifing by fheriffs profers, and compofitions in the Exchequer, and by feizures of uncuftomed and prohibited goods, may be preferred in the crown, for the future benefit thereof; be it further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That Duties, &c. the faid hereditary duties of excife, and the faid revenue arifing in the faid general letter office or poft office, and the faid fmall able by^he * branches of her Majesty’s revenue laft mentioned, or any of crown, fee. them, or any part thereof, fhall not hereafter be alienable or grantable by her Majesty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, for any eftate or term whatfoever, to endure longer than the life of herMaje-fly, or of fuch King or Queen as fhall make fuch alienation or grant refpeftively; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, ka- Grants &c# fes, and aflurances whatfoever, to be had or made of any the made contrary faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, or to this aft other hereditaments, or of any the faid revenues or branches, or void, any part thereof, contrary to the pfovifions .of this aft, or any of them, fhall be null and void, without any inquifition. Scire facias, or other proceeding, to determine or make void the fame.

VOT. Pro-

Digitized by Google

4J4	Anjio	prkno	ft.	u	<3.?.	[1701;

Queen mw VIII* Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein make leafei, contained, fhall not extend to difabie her Majesty, her heirs or ducby iycceflors, to make fuch leaies, copies, or .grants, as five or they Cornwall by may make by virtue of *n aft of parliament made and pailed virtue of an in the,twelfth-year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King a£t 1* W. 3.	William, for,making leaks or copies of offices, lands, or hero-

C,IJ*	ditaments, parcel pf the-duchy .of Cornwall, or annexed to the

fame,, or to alter or prejudice any the powers, matters, or things therein contained, or to be done in purfuaoce thereof, or to dif-a^ble her Majesty, her heirs or fueceflbrs, to make any, grant or and grant a- reftitution of any eftate or eftates hereafter to be forfeited for any way or reftore tfeafon or felony whatsoever* or to difable her Majesty, her heirs edfornea- 9r fuccefTors, t? grant, demife, or aftign any lands, tenements, fon, &c. 9r hereditaments, which fhall bpfeized or taken into her or their or feized on l^ands upon any outlawry, at the fuit of her nr, their fubjefts, as outlawry, bath been ufual, or any eftate whatfoever, which is or fhaJl be or taken m ex-	fazed, extended, or taken in execution for any debt owing or to

be due to the crown, as the or they fhall think fit, or to make ’ any grants or admittances, which of right or cuftom ought to bit copyhold. made, of any copyhold lands* tenements, or hereditaments* Truftees for parcel of any manor or manors of her Majesty, her. heirs or fee farm lucceflors, or to difable the truftees for fale of fee farm and .other rents may ex- rents, to execute any the trufts, powers, or .other matters or *-te their	things by them to be executed, done, or performed, in purfu-

truft. &c.	ance of the feveral aftS of parliament concerning the fale of tba

faid rents, or the making of fuch reprises as ought to be made by them, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitb* ftanding.

Saving of IX. Saving always to-all and every perion and persons, bodies right, &c. politick aid corporate, their heirs and fuccefTors, executors, adminiftrators, and aftigus*. other than to our ftid fovereign Lady, her heirs and iucceffefs, all fuch rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms,.interefts, claims, and demands whatsoever, of, in, or to, or put of the revenues, hereditaments, and other the pre*

• mifles aforefaid, or any of them, as they or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had-never been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftswding.

CAP. VIII.

,	(	AnaB	for	explaining a claufe in an aB made at t

begun ana golden at Weftminfter, the two and twentieth of November, in the /eventh year of the reign of our for vertigo lord King William the Third* intituled. An aft •	for	the better fecurity of his Majesty’s royal person and

government.

X7HEREAS	by an a8 ef parlia made at the parliament begun

VV and	holdenat Weftminfter twentieth day ef

ylV, j. ci.27. November, in the feyenth year of the reign 'of his late

J&ng William the Third, An act for the better fecuritjr

of

Digitized by Google

1701.3	Anno prkno Ann.#. ft. i* C.6.

of ills Majesty’s royal person and government, it was among-other things enabled* That no commiffion* either civil or.military,

Jhould ceafe, determine, or he void by reafon of the death or demife of his faid Majejly* oraf any. of his 'heirs orfuccejfors* Kings or Queens	,

of this realm, but that every fuch commiffion should be* continue* and remain in full fora and virtue* for the Jpatt of fix months next after, any fuch death •or demife, unlefs in the mean time fuperfeded* determined* or made void by the next anf immediate fuccejfor* to whom the imperial crown of this realm, according to the ail of fetllement* in the fame recited ail mentioned, is limited and appointed to go* remain' erdejiend: and forafmuch as fome doubt may be conceived concerning the extent of that claufe; therefore for the avoiding of any difpute or quejlion that m^y arij'e concerning the conjlruilion thereof; be it declared and enaded by the Queen’s jnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of thle lords fpirituaj and tern- « : — poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no* patent or grant, of any Nopatwit, ^ office or employment, either civil or militaiy, lhaTl be taken, .t0 conftrued, or adjudged, to ceafe, determine, or be void, by rea-fon of the death or demife-of his faid late Majesty, but that continued for eyery fuch patent or grant (hall be, continue, ana remain in full 6 months, force and virtue, from and after the feventh day of March* in the year of our Lord one thoufand fevea hundred and one^ for the fpace of ft# months then next enfuing, unlefs in the mean time fuperfeded,, determined, or made void by her prefent Majesty.

II.	And be it further enacfted. That no patent or grant of any No patent, . bffice or employment, either civil or military, hereafter to be ®° ceafe made, (h^ll cegie, determine, or be void, by reafon of the death or demife of her; prefent Majesty (.whom God Almighty long	™

Jjreferve to reign over this realm) or any of her heirs or fucce£ brs. Kings or Queens of this realm, but that every fuch patent or grant mall be, continue, and remain, in full force and virtue, but toconti-; for the fpace of fix months next after any fuch death or demife, unlefs in the mean time fuperfeded, determined, or made void .	’

by the next and immediate fucceffof, to whom the imperial crown of this realm is limited and appointed to go, remain, or deferent}.

HI. And be it enaded and declared, That the juftices,of af- Jl,ftice^ m*Y fi^e, oyer apd terminer, gaol delivery, Nifi prius, and juftices of	Khig

tJ>e peace, may! proceed at their feveral aflizes and feflions, as bad been S tfyey might have done if his (aid late Majesty King William the living, but in 'jjturd were living, but as her7 Majesty’s juftices, and in her the Queen’s name ; and that no writ, plea, procefs, or any other proceed-	&c	,

ing upon any indidment or information for any offence or mif-> to be difeon-demeanor, nor any writ, procefs, or proceeding whatsoever, tinued, &c. for any debt or account that was due or to be made to his late Archiep. Ar-Majefty, or concerning any lands, tenements, or other revenue ™^h'bTdora<> that did belong to his Tate Majesty, depending at the time of Procerum? * the demife of his faid late Majesty, (hall be difcqntinued or 1728. put without day, by reafon of his death or demife, but (hall v	'	continue

416	Anno prime ANNA. ft. r. c.£;	£1701;

continue ancj remain in full force and virtue, to Be proceeded upon in like manner as if his faid Majesty Were living.

The like on IV. And be it further enabled. That no writ, plea, or pro-the Queen's Cefs, or any other proceeding upon any indidtment or informa-' eat i, &c, t;on £or any Qflpence or tniHemeanor, or any writ, procefs, or proceeding, for any debt or account that (hall be due or to be made to her Majesty, her heirs or fucceflors, for or concerning any lands, tenements, or other revenue that (hall belong to her or them, that (hall be depending at the time of her Majesty's demife (whom God long preferve) or of any of her heirs or fuc-ceflors, (hall be difeontinued or put without day, by reafon of her or any of their deaths or demifes, but (hall continue and remain in full force and virtue, to be proceeded upon notwith-ftanding any fuch death or demife.

No proceed- V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ooortof%ui-no comm’®on aflociation, writ of admittance, or Si non ty, ic! t<T- omneS) original writ, writ of Nifi prius, writ of affiftance, nof ceafc i	any commiflion, procefs, or proceedings whatfoever, in or if-

fuing out of any court of equity, nor any procefs or proceeding upon any office or inquifition, nor any writ of Certiorari or Habeas Corpus, in any matter or caufe either criminal or civil, nor any writ of attachment or procefs for contempt, nor any commiflion of delegacy or review, for any matters ecclefiafti-cal, teftamentary, or maritime, or any procefs thereupon, (hall be determined, abated, or difeontinued by the demife of the ' faid late King, but all and every fuch writ,, commiflion, procefs,* but be conti- and proceedings, (hall be and are hereby revived and continued, -nued,	and (hall be in-full force and virtue, and (hall and may be pro-

nor hereafter needed upon as if his hte Majesty were living \ nor hereafter by her Maje- by the demife of her prefent Majesty, or any King or Queen of fty’s death, this realm, (hall any commiflion of affize, oyer and terminer, general gaol delivery, or of aflociation, writ of admittance, writ of Si non omnes, writ of affiftance, or commiflion of the peace, but be in force Be determined ; but every fuch commiflion and writ (hall be for 6 months, and continue in full force and virtue, for the fpace of fix months next enfuing, notwithftanding any fuch demife, unlefs fuper-feded and determined by her Majesty, her heirs or fucceflors: and alfo no original writ, writ of Nifi prius, commiflion, procefs, or proceedings whatfoever, in or ifluing out of any court of equity, nor any procefs or proceeding upon any office or inquifition, nor any writ of Certiorari or Habeas Corpus in any matter or caufe, either criminal or civil, nor any writ of attachment, or procefs for contempt, nor any commiflion of delegacy or review, for any matters ecclefiaftical, teftamentary, or maritime, or any procefs thereupon, (hall be determined, abatdd, or difeontinued, by the demife of her Majesty, or any King of Queen of this realm; but every fuch writ, commiflion, procefs, and proceeding, (hall remain in full force and virtue, to be proceeded upon, as jf her Majesty, or fuch other King or Queen had lived, notwithftanding any fuch death or demife.

Digitized by

iyoi.]	Anno	ffrimo	Atfum. ft. i. d.g,	41 f

• VI. And be it#further enadted, That all and Angular the AS to extend provifions, claufes, matters and things whatfoever containedt0 Ireland, in this adt* and in that part of the a 61 made in the feventh year Gue^afey&c. of the reign of the late King, which is recited in this prefent	*

adt, (hall extend, and be eonftrued to extend to the kingdom of Ireland, to the iftands of Jerfey nn& Guernfeyi and to all her Majesty’s dominions in America and elfewhere.

VII.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority an(* w cotfi-aforefaid* That this prefent adt, and all other adts to which the March itoi royal aflent (hall be given after the eighth day of March, one *	*

thoufand feven hundred and one, and before the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, (hall commence and begin, and be taken^ eonftrued and adjudged in law, to commence and be-

5in upon the faid eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hum* * red and one* unlefs in fuch adts fome other time for commencement thereof be fpecially limited and appointed;

CAP. IX.

An all for continuing the all made in the eighth year of hit late Majejlfs reign, for better preventing the counter* feiting the current coin of this kingdom. -

WHEREAS an all of parliament made in the eighth year of 8 W. 3. e. a - his late Majejlfs reigni intituled, An adt for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom,' was, by a claufe in another all made in the ninth year of his faid 9	3*	c*

Majejlfs reign, continued in force unto the Jive and twentieth day of .March, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid all hath been found o f good ufe, for fupprefftng the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom by fuch tools and injlriiments as are therein prohibited: be it enadted by the Qyeen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem^ f ^ poral, and comirions, in this parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid adt made in the eighth year ^tinued till of his late Majesty’s reign, and every article and claufe therein contained, (hall from henceforth Continue and be in force until the five and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, and from thenceforth unto the end of the first feffion of parliament theft next enfuing, and no longer*

II.	And whereas in the aforefaid all it is ordained, That no projection Jhall be made for any offence againjl the faid all, unlefs fuch profecution be commenced within three months after fuck offence committed: be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That offenders mar the profecution of fuch person or persons a9 offend againft the be profecuted /aid adt, by making or mending, or beginning, or proceeding in 6 months to make or mend any coining tool or inftrumtnt therein prohi-bited, or by marking of money round the edges with letters or \ a c*

. szrainings, may be commenced at any time within fix months Vql. X*	£«	after

Digitized by Google

4iS

32 W. 3**C. 4.

Anno primo Ann.#. ft. 1. C.g. f 170J"

after fuch offence committed; anything in the (aid aft tQ tht contrary in-any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And whereas by an aft of the tail parliament, in the twelfth year of his late Majeftfs reign, intituled, An act for appointing wardens and affay matters, for affaying wrought plate in the ci-ties of York, Exeter, Brifiol, Chefter, and Norwich, the faid cities of York, Exeter, Brittol, Chefter, and Norwich, were appointed for the ajfaytng and marking of wrought plate, and for executing the powers, authorities, and direfthns given by the faid aft: and whereas in and by the faid aft of parliament it was further enafted, That all and every goldfmith, filverfmith, and plate-worker, inhabiting in any town or place where any ajfayer is not, or Jhall not be appointed, Jball bring all his or their wrought plate to feme of the faid cities or places to be ajfayed and marked, upon penalty of forfeiture of all fuch plate or manufafture of ftlver, or the value thereof, as Jhall be fold or exchanged before the fame be marked and ajfayed: and whereas in the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne there is, and time out of mini

, hath been, an ancient company of goldfmiths, which, with their families, by the faid penalty are like to be ruined, and the faid trade utterly loft in the faid town: and whereas by the ftatute of the feconi * Hen. 6. c. 14. 0f Henry the Sixth, the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne is one of the places appointed to have touenes for wrought fiver plate; be if Newcaftle up- therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the town of °oiiUed one'of Newcaftle upon Tyne be and is hereby appointed for the allaying theVaces1^- anc* marking of wrought plate, and for executing the feveral tnarking powers, authorities, and direftions mentioned and contained in wrought plate, and by the faid aft of the twelfth year of our faid late fovereign lord King William, as fully and amply, to all intents, con-ftruftions and purpofes, as if the faid town had been exprefly named in the faid aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the goldfmiths, filverfmiths, and plate-workers, who are

cattle mcorpo- or ^ajj freemen 0f an(j inhabiting in the faid town of New-fated a com-	.	/•	j	D/i	•	r	. ,	,	c

See.

Goldfmiths, See. of New

pany, &c.

and may choofe wardens.

filver plate Sow to be made and marked, &c.

caftle, and having ferved an appFenticefhip to the faid trade of a goldfmith, filverfmith, or plate worker, (hall be and are hereby incorporated a company of and belonging to the faid town, ana (hall be called or known by the name of The Company of Goldfmiths of the faid town of Newcaftle upon Tyne; which faid company (hall be enabled, and are hereby authorized annually to choofe two persons to be wardens of the faid company; which faid wardens (hall continue for the fpace of one year, and no longer, unlefs re-elefted by the faid company ; and if either pf the faid wardens (hall happen to die, or remove out of the faid town, then the laid company (hall within one month after fuch death or removal choofe another person of the faid company to be warden in,bis room; and fuch person fo chofen (hall and is hereby authorized and required to aft accordingly.

V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all filver plate or manufafture of filver (except fuch things as by reafon of their fmallnefs are not capable of receiving the fouch) (hall be mads and wrought of the fame finenefs, and

made,

Digitized by

Google

»7ot.!} Attnopfimo Annje. ffc.i. c. ip—12;	4T9

tnade, ai&yed, and marked with the arms of the faid town*

&nd other the marks mentioned in the faid adt, in fudh manner and form as in the faid adt of the twelfth year of his late Mar jelly’s reign is mentioned; and that an afiay-mafter (hall from Company may time to time be eledted by the faid company of goldfmiths in maSttr'&c?* the faid town, who (hall take fuch oath as is therein prefcribed, K .before the mayor of Newcaftle upon Tyne for the time being, who is hereby appointed to adminifter th^ fame j and that the faid ?iliay-mafter, and all and every the goldfmiths* filverfmiths, and plate-workers^ inhabiting in the faid town, (hall from time tQ time, and at all times hereafter, obferve and perform all fuch matters and things, qnd be fubjedt to all fuch orders, rules, paifis, penalties and forfeitures, as in the fame adt is mentioned, for and concerning the feveral matters, things and offences therein contained, as fully, effedtually and amply, to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes, as if the faid town had been therein exprefly mentioned 5 and the faid pains and penalties (hall bo levied, recovered, difpofed of and taken, in fuch manner an4 form as in and by the fame adt is diredted.

CAP. X.

An adt for taking, examining, and dating the publick accounts of the EXP,

kingdom.

CAP. XI.

An act for reviving the aft, intituled. An act for exempting apothecaries from ferving the offices of coqftable, fcavenger, and other parifli and ward pffices, and froip ferving upon juries*

WHEREAS an aft made in the fixth and feventh years <jf*> & 7 W. 3.

the reign of his late Majejly King William the Third, inti- c* +• tilled, An adt for exempting apothecaries from ferving the offices of conftable, fcavenger, and other parilh and ward offices, and • from ferving upon juries, has been by experience found very ufeful	1

and necejfary: and whereas the faid aft was to continue but for feven years, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and is now fiear expiring; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's mo(t excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the continued for frid recited adt, with all the claufes and powers therein contain- J* years*, ed, (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of eleven years, from and after the expiration thereof, and from thence to the 9 end of the next feffions of parliament.

C A P. XII.

An act for granting an aid to her Majesty by divers fubjidies and a land tax.

CIX. AND whereas by an adt made in the eleventh year tl ^ xl of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majejly by fale

E e a	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

4*<S	Anno	primo Ann^. ft. i. C.iiZ [1701:

of the forfeited and other ejlates and interejls in Ireland, and by a land tax ir England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, the truftees thereby nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities therein enabled, relating to the faid forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, or any feven or more of them, were impowered and required to hear and determine all claims entred in purfuance of the faid adt, on or before the tenth day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred, at any time or times after the entry thereof, and before the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and one; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, were thereby authorized and required, before the five and twentieth day or March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, to fell all and Angular the eftates and interefts vefted in them by the faid a<5t, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and whereas by Si* W. 3. c. jo. one other a£t made in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William the Third, intituled, An alt for granting an aid to his Majejly, for the defraying the expence of his navy, guards and garrifons for one year, and for other necejfary occafms, the time for hearing and determining claims entred before the faid truftees, and then remaining undetermined, was enlarged and continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two; and the time for fale of the faid forfeited eftates and interefts was enlarged to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and two: and whereas the faid truftees have, in purfuance of the faid recited a<fts, heard and determined all the claims entred before them for any , of the faid forfeited eftates and interefts fo vefted in them, as aforefaid; but the debentures intended to be made out to officers, foldiers and others, and for tranfport fervice, to enable . . them to purchafe the faid forfeited eftates and interefts, in probability will not be made out before the first day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and two: be it therefore enadled by the fri(h truftees authority aforefaid. That the faid truftees or any feven or more miy before of them, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered and en-fetl the forfeit .	at	any	time	or	times	from and alter the faid four and

ed eftates, &c! twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and two, veftedinthem, and before the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fe-.ven hundred and three, to fell all and fingular the faid eftates and interefts fo vefted in them; and all and every fuch fale and fales to be made before the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and three, (hall be in like manner 1	made, and fuch proceeding (hall be in order thereunto and there-

upon had, and the conveyances thereupon to be made (hall be as available, and effectual, and of the fame force and effecft, as if fuch fale or fales had been made before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two. Never-thelefs this a6t, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to repeal or alter any particular adt or a<fts of parliament made ,	or now in force, or which in this feflion of parliament (hall be

made concerning any the faid forfeited eftates, or apy the pro-✓	vifions,

Digitized by

Google

1701.}	Anno	primo	Annm. ft. i: c.12.	421

vifions, dire&ions, claufes, matters, or things therein coil-i tained.

CX. And whereas feveral barracks are eredted on certain Barracks e-lands, part of the faid forfeited eftates, for the reception and ufe ^forfeited of the army in the faid kingdom of Ireland', be it therefore en- eftates1, adted by the authority aforefaid, That any feven ot more of the fhall be con-faid truftees fhall and are hereby required to convey unto the veyed to the truftees for the barracks and their fucceflors, the faid barracks, J^barracks with the fite thereof, out-houfes, court and other conveniencies ^ for ever] thereunto belonging, containing by eftimation three acres of land Irijh meafure to each of the faid barracks, to have and to hold to them the faid truftees of the barracks and theirlucceffors for ever, to the ufes aforefaid.

. CXI. And whereas by the prefent eftablifhment of Ireland,

three regiments of foot, commanded by brigadier William Sel-

*win., brigadier Zachary Tiffin, and colonel Richard Brewer* are

now in her Majesty’s fervice in Jamaica and the Leeward IJlands

in the Weft Indies and are paid out of her Majesty’s revenue

arifing in the faid kingdom of Ireland, according to the faid

eftablifhment; and it being neceflary that the clothing and other

accoutrements for the officers and loldiers of the faid regiments

(hould be fupplied out of Ireland, from whence their pay doth

arife: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it may be Clothing, &c,

lawful to export out of Ireland, fuch goods as are neceflary for

the accoutrements and clothing the officers and foldiers of the inland^forth®

faid regiments, and no others, to Jamaica, or any of the Lee- three regi-

ivard IJlands, or fuch other place in the Weft Indies, where fuch raents in the

regiment fhall be quartered ; any law, ftatute or ufage to the *ncii€s> *

contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CXIL And whereas there have lately been imported into your Ma-jefty s dominions* wines of the growth of Hungary, and feme doubts have arifen touching the rates and duties payable for the fame upon fuch importation; be it declared and ena&ed, That it fhall and Hungary may be lawful to import from Hamburgh into the port of London, wines may |he and the members thereof, or into any other ports of this king-^^b*k0111 dom, or the dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon paying duties Tweed* wines of the growth of Hungary* and upon the impor- as tor Rheniih tationof any fuch wines, there fhall be pdid fuch rates anddu-^68-ties only as by any law now in force are due and payable for any Rhenijb wines, or wines of the growth of Germany imported into this your realm, or the dominions thereof, by all your Majesty’s natural-born fubje&s, and by all ftrangers and aliens refpedively.

CX1II. And whereas the general fociety intitled to the advantages given by an alt of parliament for advancing a film not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown of England, by a covenant in the charter to them granted by his late Majesty King William the Third* bearing date the third day of September, in the tenth year of his reign, is obliged to furnijh into her Majesty’sftores (if demanded) five hundred tuns offait petre yearly for the fir ft coft* freight, duties* and other charges thereupon* to be afcertained in the manner

J£ e 3	therein

.Digitized by Google

4**	Afino	prlmo	AHiia.	ft.i.	c.	12;	£1701;

ibwtin mmiined j aAd tie Englifh cttnpanf trading	Eaft In-*

dies, as a member of the jaid general fociety, is by a covenant in tbi charter granted to the faid company, bearing date the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of the reign of bis faid late Majefiy King William* obliged to furnip yearly, a proportionable part of the faid fve hundred tuns (if demanded) 'and the governor and company of merchants of London trading to the Eaft Indies j alfo as a member of the faid general fociety, are obliged to futmj/b yearly another pro* portion of the faid five hundred tuns (if demanded) and tie partial* lor members of the find general fociety (other than the faid companies) iotv obliged to ficrhifh yearly tm remainder of the faid five hundred tuns (if demanded) far foe toft, flight, duties, and Other charges aforejaid: and whereas the faid governor and company of merchant* of London trading into the Eaft Indies, and the faid Englifh com* fany, have agreed to unite their capital flock in the fold two millions, and trade to the Eaft Indies* and other parts within the limits of their charters whereunto they feverally are entitled, under the aft of f W. $. t. 44* parliament of the ninth year of his faid late Majefly's reign, intituled\ An act for raifing a Turn not exceeding two millions, upon i fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, whereupon a new charter is intended to be faffed: now it is hereby After t^pt. provided and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from the Union'S	n’nt^	day	September,	one	thoufand	feveii	hundred and

roofiaft in- on*> unt^ t'ie Union (hall be perfected under the great leal dia companies of England, four hundred ninety four tufts artd one quarter of be perfected, good, cleaft and merchantable fait petre, (hall yearly (if it be a barter demanded) be delivered into the (lores of her Majesty, her heira falTpetre and fucceffors, at the certain price herein affor limited (that be delivered i* to fey) by the Slid gov’ernbr and company of merchants of into her Ma- London trading iftto the Eaft Indies* for their proportion, feven-andy afte^the *Y tuns an<^ three quarters % and by the faid Englifh com-faid unfon, ° Pany, four hundred and fifteen tuns and a half; and that after 4.94 tuns aqd the perfecting of the faid union, and during the continuance a quaver thereof in a joint management, the like quantity of fqur hun-ye^ily, Sccf	njnety	four	tuns	and	one	quarter	of	(ftd>	felt	pethe, (hall

yearly (if demanded) be delivered into the faid (lores by the Laid Englifh company, and its fuepeffors, out of the faid united trade! and after the determination of fuch joint management, then by the faid Englifh company fingly, during fp long time as the faid Englifh company (hall have right and power to trade to the Eaft 5 tiu>s and 3 Jndies, under the faid aft of parliament in that behalf; and that lak petre^o be *n manner from the twenty ninth day of September, one delivered by thpufaftd feven hundred and one, the quantity of five tuns and the other three quarters of good, clean and merchantable fait petre, (hall meinbers of yearly (if demanded) be delivered into the faid (lores at the

L?r^;J£nC’ feme certain price, by the other members of foe faid general ral lociety, fodety for thc ^ ^mg.

Price of fait ’ CXIV. And it is hereby enafted and declared. That the price y$tre.	ef all the faid fait petre, tP be ferved in time of peace, (hall be

five and forty pounds per tun, and ift time qf war foall be fifty

‘	fofe$

*701*3	‘Anno	primo AnnJe. ft. i. c. 13.	423

three pounds per tun; and that upon the refining the faid fait petre, whether it be brown or white, if the refra&ion be above fifteen pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight, then the overplus of luch refraction, at the rate aforefaid, fhaH be repaid to her Majesty, by the faid companies and members refpeCtively, out of the faid price; and if the refradtion be under fifteen pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight, then the faid companies, and other members of the faid

{general fociety, (hall be allowed and paid, at the price aforefaid, o much more as the difference between the real refraction of their petre, and the faid ftated refraction of fifteen pounds per centum^ (hall amount to.

CXV. And it is hereby further declared. That in any char- Companies ter to be granted to the faid companies, or either of them, they obliged to de-lhall be obliged by covenant to deliver their proportions of thcllver.the,rPr£* /aid fait petre, being paid for the fame at the certain prices a- p^ces afore-forelaid, according to this a<ft, inftead of the quantities which faid. the faid two companies, or either of them, or the faid particular members, by the faid former charters are obliged to jfumilh, for the first coft, freight, duties, and other charges aforefaid; any thing in the faid former charters, or any of them* contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An act for making good deficiencies, and for preferving the* publick credit.

WHEREAS feveral bills of credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills, were madeforth and ij/uei by divers afts of parliament, which were made and pajfed in the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (of blejfcd memory) and many of the faid bids have been already difeharged out of feveral aids or fupplies, which wera provided by feveral afts of parliament, for or towards the difeharging and cancelling the fame $ but over and above the monies already applied towards the difeharging and cancelling of the faid bills, and over and above the monies which are yet to arife from the faid aids or fupplies formerly provided for that purpofe, it is computed> that there is ami will be wanting the fum of five hundred and fifteen thoufand one hundred fixty five pounds four/hillings and feven pence farthings to dif-charge all the principal monies contained in fucb of the faid bills as are 1*oiv funding out and unfatisfied, and fo much more as will be fujficient to dtfeharge all the mterefi duey and to grow due thereupon: and whereas it appears that the pound rate or land tax of three /hillings in jthe pound, granted to his faid late Majesty, by an aft of parliament in the eighth year of his reign, hath not been fujficient to fatisfy all the 8 W. 3. c. 6. loans which were made upon the credit of the fame pound rate or land tax 5 and that over and above all arrears of the faid pound rate, not yet recovered, there is and will be deficient, and wanting, to difeharge all the principal money fo lent, the fum of four hundred and fifteen thoufand ninety nine pounds, and fo much more as wiU be fuffi'eient to . difeharge the inter eft after the rate of eight pounds per centum per

E e 4	annum.

Aniio primo Annje. ft. i. c.ij. [170*;

annum, due and to grow due thereupon: and whereas the duties up-pn paper, pajleboard, vellum, and parchmenty which were granted to !

/tfte Majesty for two years, from the first day of March, one thoufandfix hundred ninety fix, by an aft paffed in the eighth year of hit j reign y did prove inefficient to fatisfy all the monies which were hr-rowed upon credit of that aft, fo that there is deficient and wanting the fum of fifteen thoufand four hundred pounds9 to difcharge all the principal monies fo borrowed, and fo much more as will fatisfy the , intereft, due and to grow due for the fame, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum: and whereas feveral tickets were j made forth and iffiied by virtue of an aft made and paffed in the eighth t W. 3. c. it. year the reign of his faid late Majesty y whereby certain duties were \ laid upon malt and other things therein mentioned, and many of the faid tickets have already been difcharged out of the fame duties, or ptherwife; but it is computed* that there is deficient and wanting to difcharge all the principal monies contained in fucb of the faid tickets (is are now Jlanding out and unfatisfied, the Jum of five hundred fe-venty nine thoufand and fixty pounds, befides what will be necejfaryto difcharge the inter eft due, and to grow duey upon the faid unfatisfiei tickets, or fuch of them (is do bear inter eft after the rate of an half fenny per diem, for .each ten pounds thereof: and whereas it is evident, that the duties upon leather, which were granted to his faid late g 3, p, ai. Majesty by an aft paffed in the eighth year of his reign9for three yearly '' * v ’ f from the twentieth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety fcvetiy at\d which were thereby appropriated to fmd for the payment pf fo much as then remained unpaid of the Jum of five hundred fixty - four tboufandfeven hundred pounds, formerly lent upon certain duties upon coals and other things therein mentionedy and the inter eft thereof have not been fufficient for that purpofe9 fo that there is wantingy to difcharge the principal money ftill remaining unpaid of the fum laft mentionedy the fum of five hundred and four thoufand four hundred thirty eight poundsy befides the intereft thereof \ due and to grow duty after the rate of [even pounds per centum per annum : and that the, monies granted to his faid late Majesty, by the aft paffed in the ninth 0 WT 3. c. 38 .year of his reign, for an aid by a quarterly poll for one year, including therein fuch arrears of the faid poll as are fill recoverabley do r}Qt extend to fatisfy all the principal monies which were borrowed upon the fame afty by the fum of two hundred and twelve thoujand feven hundred and feventy poundsy feventeen /hillings, which with the intereft thereofy due and to grow due, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, are and will be likewife deficient: and that the monies granted to his faid late Majesty by the aft paffed in the tenth }oy?.Vc. 9. year of his reign9 for granting the fum of one million four hundred eighty four thoufand and fifteen poundsy one Jhilling and eleven pence, thee farthingSy for difbanding 4he army9 providing for the navy, and for other necejfary occafionSy whereupon a credit was given for any fum not exceeding one million four hundred thoufand poundsy to be re*

•paid with intereft after the rate of /'even pounds per centum per an-: pum, have not extended to pay off all the monies borrowed upon the fame afty and the intereft thereof: but that there is a deficiency of ’twenty five thoufand eight hundred twenty three pounds, two /hillings

Digitized by v^ooQle

jf-TO.t.’l Anno primo AnnJe. ft. c.13;	425

and nine pence, which togetber witb nil arrears of the mi lafi men** tioned, not yet recovered* are wanting to clear off the remainder of the principal monies fo borrowed, befides what Jhall be neceffary to dip* xharge the intereft of the fame: and whereas at Michaelmas* one thoufand feven hundred and one, the fum of feventy.thoufand eight	1

hundred feventy two pounds, eleven Jbillings, and one penny halfpenny, was wanting to cmpleat the payments then due and incurred, for and upon the yearly fum of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, which by an aft pajjed in the ninth year of his Jaid late Majeftfs reign> was 9 W. 3. c. *4* intended to be paid out of certain duties upon fait, and upon Jlampt. vellum, parchment, and paper, for the purpofes therein mentioned 3 and ought to have been made good in purfuance of the fame a&-, all * which faid fums of money fo reckoned to be deficient or wanting, to. payoff the principal money borrowed as afore faid, or contained in the Jaid Exchequer bills'and malt tickets, do amount in the whole to the gunj 0f • fum of two millions three hundred thirty eight thoufand fix hundred the deficit twenty eight pounds, fifteen jbillingi, and five pence three farthings, encesu befides the interejl due and to grow due, as afore faid. - We your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts the commons of England in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife fuch aid$ jmd fupplies as may make good the faid deficiencies, and preferve the publick credit, do cheerfully and unanimoufly give and grant	•	f

to your Majesty the fupplies, impofitions and duties herein after mentioned, for the terms herein after expreffed* and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, to accept thereof, and that it may be enadted: and be it enadted by the Queen’s moft ex-pellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fubfidy Tonnage and of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable poundage upon merchandizes exported and imported, which were given	un"

and granted unto his late majefty King Charles the Secondfor l7f0t his life, by an adt of parliament made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tunnage and poundage, and other fums .of money payable upon merchandizes exported and

imported, and which by feveral adts of parliament fince made, ..........

have been granted for feveral terms, and are to continue until

the first day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix,

fhall be further continued to her Majesty, her heirs and fuccef-

fors, from the laft day of July, which fhall be in the year of

our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the firft

day. of Augujl, jwhich fhall be in the year of ; our L6rd, one

thoufand feven hundred and ten, and no longer; and that the

faid adt made in. the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles Aft 12 Car. 2.

the Second, and every article, rule and claufe therein mention- 4- to be in

cd, and alfo an order of the commons in parliament aflembled, force*

made in purfuance of the rules and orders annexed to the a-

forefaid adt, for fettling of officers fees, dated the feventeenth day

of May, one thoufand fix hundred fixty two, and figned by Sir

Edward Turner, then fpeaker, fhall be of full force and effedt,

to all intents and purpofes, until the faid first day of

,...... '	one	.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno pritao AknJe* ft. u C. ij; [170^;

one thoufand feven hundred arid ten, as fully andin like manner, as if the fame were particularly end at large recited and (et down in the body of this ad.

II.	Provided always, and be it further efta&ed by the author ixCar.x.	rity aforefaid, That an ad of parliament made in the twelfth

c*	year of the reign of the faid King Charles the Second, intituled.

An act to  prevent frauds and concealments of his Majejlfs cuftoms and fubfidies 5 as alio an ad made in the fourteenth year of the ifCar.a.Q«si. reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing frauds and abufes in his Majeftfs cuftoms; and alio an ad made in the two and twentieth year of t$e reign of the at Car. a.c. 13. fold late King Charles the Secorid, intituled. An act for the improvement of tillage, and the breed of tattle; and alfo one .other ad made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the laid tjCv.a, c.6w late Kin£ Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking off aliens duties Upon commodities of tht growth, prodaft and manufacture of the nation5 and alfo one other ad made in the faid five and *5 Car.i. c. 7. twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second^ intituled. An act for the encouragement of the Greenland, and Eafttand trades^ and for the better fecuring the plantation trade 1 and alfo one other ad made in die first year of the late King i Tae x c 10. If0***5 ^ Second, intituled. An additional aft for the improve-J ‘x‘ rhent of tillage; and one ad made in the eighth year of the SW. 3.C.34. reign °f bis laid late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for the Ujfemng the duty upon tin and pewter export* $d9 and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon druggs ; 9 W. 3. c. 30. and another ad of trie ninth year of his reign, for increafing his Majesty’s duties upon luftrings and alamodes; and one ad *• W* 3.0. x6» made in the eleventh year of his reign, intituled. An act for taking away the duties upon the woollen manufaftures, eorn> graint bread, bifcuit and meal exported; and all the chmfes and directions whatsoever contained therein, or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force concerning the faid fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money upon merchandizes exported and imported, which were granted in die twelfth year ix Car. x. c. 4. of the reign of King Charles the Second, as aforefaid, (hall be Ads aforefaid Of full force and effied until the faid first day of Auguft9 which

to be in force (h*]l be in the year of our Lord, one thousand feven hundred until ,7,o. and ten>

But not to de- III. Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared and enaded, termineclau- That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued or taken to beS1p^petual!° determine any articles or claufes in any of the Jaft mentioned F ™	*	ads, hereby enaded to be in force, until the faid first day of

Augujh> one thoufand feven hundred and ten, which were appointed and intended to be perpetual, or which are continued by any ad of parliament, for any time which will not expire by or before the (aid first day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; but that the fame, and everj of them, (hall continue and remain in force, as if this prefent ad had not been made; but fuch of the (aid ads, and fuch daufes in any of them as would otfaerwife determine before the faid first day of Augujt,

'	one

Digitized by v^ooQle

I701.3	Anna	printo	Anm^.	ft.	i. c*

one thoufanJ feven hundred and ten, (hall hereby be revived*

5Uid (land, continue, and be in force until the faid first day or jfugu/iy one thoufand feven hundred and ten^ and no longer.

IV.	And be It further enafted by the authority aforefaid* ^ .

That the feverai impofitians and duties upon witjes and vine- &c. gar, granted by an aft made in the first year of the reign Of hie continuedtill lite majefty King Jamet the Second, intituled, An act for grant-

ing to his Majejly an impofition upon all wines end vinegar Imported1 J*c- *i C* 3*

between the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred

eighty five, and the twenty fourth day of June, One thou/and fix hun+

dred ninety three; , Which faid aft, by feverai *ft$ Of parliament

afterwards p&fled, hath been continued, and is to cOfttihild dn-

til the faid first d^y of AugUfiy one thoufand feven hundred and

fix, Ihall be further continued front the laft day of July* one

thoufand feven hundred ahd fix, until the first day Of Atigujls

which (hall be in the year of our Lord, One thoufand feven

hundred and ten, and no longer; and that the faid aft (b made

in the first year of the reign of the late King James the Second, A% , jac %m

and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles and claufes there- c. 3. continu-

in contained, for or concerning the faid impofition on wines and ed*

Vinegar, (hall continue and be of full force and effeft, until the faid first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and (hall be applied, praftifed and executed for railing, levying, cofiefting, anfwfcrittg and paying the faid duties upon wine and xrinegar, hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if al! and every the claufes, matters and things in the faid aft of the first year of King James the Second contained, had been again repeatiM in this aft, and particularly enafted. ♦

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties on to-the rates, duties and impofitions upon all forts of tobacco, grant-* bacco con-, ed by an aft made in the first year of the reign of the faid late tl King James the Second, intituled. An act for granting to his Ma- , jac. %. c. 4. jejiy an impofition upon all tobacco and fiugar, imported between the font

and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one thmfand fix hundred ninety three 5 which faid aft, as for and concerning the (aid duties and impofitions upon tobacco only, was by feverai afts Of parliament afterwards made, continued, and is to continue to the first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred artd fix, (hall be	;

further continued from the laft day of July, one thoufand feveri hundred and fix, until the faid first day of Augufiy Which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufana feven hundred and ten> and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared by the Duty how fa authority aforefaid. That the faid duty upon tobacco, which be lcvied* (hall be imported during the term hereby granted, (hall be fc+

cured, collected, raifed, levied, anfwered and paid to her Majesty, in fuch method, and with fuch difeount and allowances,

"and according to fuch rules and directions, as are mentioned, referred to, Of preferibed, as to the duties or impofitions upon

tobacco

4*8	Anno	primo Am A. ft.i. e. if. [ 1701;

tobacco in and by the aft made in' the parliament Holden in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of KingWtlliam the Third, 7 & $ W. 3. intituled, An act for continuing feveral duties granted by former c‘I0*	afts upon wine* vinegar, and upon tobacco, and Eaft India goods* and

other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againft France, and not otherwife.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Additional That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties impofitions on and charges, upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes goods, &c. granted by an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of King fe a. * ffidiam the Third and .Queen Mary, intituled. An act for grant-c. 4.. continued tng to their Majejties certain impofitions upon all Eaft India goods till 1710. and manufactures* and upon all wrought filks* and feveral other goods and merchandizes* to be imported after the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety* and which thereby and by feveral other afts afterwards pafled, were to have continuance, and are to continue until the first day of Auguft* one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall be further continued from the laft day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the faid A& continu- ^	which	fhall	be	in	the year of our Lord, one

' ed.	thoufand feven hundred and ten, and no longer; and that the laid

aft made in the fecond year of their faid late Majefties reign, concerning Eaji India goods and other things therein charged, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles and claufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effeft, until the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and (hall be applied, praftifed and executed for the railing, levying, coUefting, anfwering and paying the laid refpeftive duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as ifjhe faid laft mentioned aft, and all and every the claufes, matters and things therein contained, had been again repeated and en-Exception. afted particularly; except only as to fuch part of the faid afts concerning the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft *	India goods, and other merchandizes imported, touching which

other provifions or alterations are made by any aft or afts of parliament now in being 5 which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved and to continue during the continuance of Aft 7 & 8. this aft; and the faid aft, intituled. An act for continuing feveral w* 3- c. 10. duties granted by former afts upon wine and vinegar, and upon to-continued. ^ac(Q gaft. jn(jia g00ds and 0ther merchandizes imported* for carrying on the war againft France, and every article, daufe, matter and thing therein contained, for the railing, levying, fe-curirjg, anfwering and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are by this aft continued, (hall be of full force and effeft, until the faid first day of Auguft* one thoufand feven hundred and ten. Additional VIII. Apd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, impofitions on That the additional, and other rates; duties, impofitions and franted&CW c*iarges uPon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, grant* &M.c. t. con-by an aft of parliament, made in the fourth year of their feid tinued tul late Majefties reign, intituled, Ar\ aft for granting to their Ma-

*7*0.	'	*	*	"

Google

1701.]	.	Anno	primo Annae. ft. 1. o. 13;	419

jetties certain additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes , for profecuting the prefent war againjl France ; and which, -by feveral'ads of parliament have been granted to continue to the first day of Augujl, one thoufand ieven hundred and fix^

(hall be further continued from the laft day of July, one thou-

fand feven hundred and fix, to the laid first day of Augujl, which

lhall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred

and ten, and po longer : and that the faid ad laft mentioned. Ad continue

and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles and claufes there- ed.

in contained (except as herein after is excepted and provided)

as for and concerning the faid rates, duties and impofitions,

lhall continue and be of full force and effed, until the faid firft

day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and fhall

be applied, pradifed and executed for the railing, levying, col-

leding, anfwering and paying the laid duties hereby continued,

according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as if the

faid laft mentioned ad, and all and every the claufes, matters

and things therein contained had been again repeated and en-

aded in this ad particularly.

IX.	Neverthelefs it is hereby provided^and.enaded by the authority aforefaid. That for and during the continuance of the faid additional impofitions, the fum of two fhillings only

fhall be paid for every ton of lapis calaminaris exported, over and bapis calami-above the rates thereon charged by the book of rates, to be nans* colleded as in and by the faid ad is direded and appointed; and j^n, 8cc* that it lhall and may be lawful to import into this kingdom may be im-from Ireland, any bar iron unwrought, and iron flit or ham- ported from mered into rods (other than Swedijh or other foreign iron) dif- Ircland* charged of any impofitions or duties to be laid upon the fame by tfmad; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	Provided alfo. That in a)l cafes where any other provi- Provifo. fion or alteration is made by any ad or ads of parliament now

in being, in or about any other matter or thing contained in the faid ad of parliament:, for the impofitions laft mentioned, fuch other provifions or alterations lhall be obferved, during the continuance of the term hereby granted, in the fame impofitions ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-jlanding.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority ^forefaid. Duties on That fuch of the rates and duties upon velum, parchment and velum. See. -paper, as were granted to their faid late majefties King William continueci tl1 and Queen Mary, by an ad made in the parliament holden at w. Sc JVeJlminJler, in the fifth and fixth years of their reign, intituled, m. c. 21.

An all for granting to their Majejlies feveral duties upon velum, parchment and paper for four years9 towards carrying on the war

againjl France; and which by an ad of parliament made in the s W. 3. c. to. eighth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William, are continued until the first day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and fix, lhall be, and *re hereby further continued* from the faid laft day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and

fix.

Digitized by t^ooQle

A & coatinu-ed.

Provifo, &c.

Duties on houfes continued till 1710. 7 W. 3. c, x8.

Cap. *o.

Ads continued.

Anno prirtio Ann j©. ff. |. ©« 1 3*	[1701*

fix, until the first day of Jugtfy which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ten ; and that the £aid a d for granting the faid duties upon vellum, parchment < and paper, and all powers, provifions, articles and' claufes therein, or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force concerning the lame duties contained, lhall continue and be of full force and cffed, until the faid first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and (hall be applied, pradifed and executed for the railing, levying, collecting, anfwering and paying the faid duties upon velum, parchment and paper, hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this pre-< lent ad.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That in all cafes where any further or other provifion or alteration i$ made by any other ad or ads of parliament now in being, in relation tathe faid duties upon velum, parchment and paper, fech other provifions or alterations (hall be obferved and complied with, during th$ continuance of the term hereby granted in the fame duties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the rates, duties, impofitions and fums of money, granted by an a£t paffed in the feventh year of the reign ot the faid King William, intituled, An act for granting to his Majejiy feve-ral raUs or duties on houfes, for making good the deficiency of the clipped moneys and which thereby, and by the faid ad made in • the eighth year of the reign of the faid late King William the Third, have been already granted to continue until the first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall be and arc hereby further continued from and after the laft day of July^ one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the faid first day of Auguft, which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and no longer * and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered and paid unto her Majesty, ir> the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned in the faid feveral ads, or either of them, for railing, colleding, levying, anfwering and paying the fame; and that the fame ad, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles and claufes therein, or in any other ad or ads of parliament, concerning the faid duties upon houfes, contained or exprefled, (hall continue and be of full force and effed, until the (aid first day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and (hall be applied, pradifed and executed for the railing, levying, colleding, anfwering and paying the faid duties upon houfes, hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if all and every the claufes, jnatters and things in the (aid former ads, concerning the faid duties upon houfes, contained, had been again repeated in this ad, and particularly enaded.

XIV. And

Digitized by Google

Vjro'i.]!	Anno pritrio Anft. r. c.	43	r

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the feveraf im- Duties on pofitions and duties for and upon all whale-fins and Scotch linen whale-fins, imported, which by an aft of parliament in the ninth year of

his faid late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for taking away 9 w. 3/0.4.$. half the duties impofea on glajs wares, and the whole duties lately laid cn Jlone and earthern wares and tobacco-pipes, and for granting in lieu thereof new duties on whale-fins and Scotch linens* were granted to his faid late majefty King William* for the term of eight years, from the tenth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, ( except fo much "of the faid duty of whale-fins as Exception# is fince taken Sway by any fubfequent aft pf parliament) ihpll be and are hereby continued to her Majesty, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, from the expiration of the faid term of eight years, until the faid first day of Auguft, which fhall be in tne year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and no longer $ and (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned inf the faid aft for granting the faid impofitions on whale-fins and Scotchlinens; which aft, 9 & IoW» 3* with all the powers, provifo’s, penalties, articles and claufes0*45* therein contained, or thereby referred to, fhajl continue and be Aft continu-m full force until the faid first day of Augufi, one thoufand fe- cd* ven hundred and ten; and fhall be applied, praftifed and put in execution, for railing and levying the fai4 duties on whale-fins and Scotch linens hereby continued, as fully and cffeftually as if all the claufes, matters and things therein contained, concerning the faid duties on whale-fins and Scotch linens, were repeated and again enabled in the body of this prefent aft.	a

XV.	Ana whereas by the faid aft of the eighth year of the

reign of his late majefty King William* intituled. An aft	3.

making good the deficiencies offeveral funds therein mentioned, and for g* Iff c a0# enlarging the capital flock of the bank ^England, and for raijmg the publick credit, it was enafted, That all the monies which fhould arife and be brought into the Exchequer of or for the fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon merchandizes therewith continued by that aft, from the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, till the first day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and of or for the impofitions upon wines, vinegar, tOr-bacco, Eaft India goods, wrought filks and other duties, therewith continued by the fame aft, from the eight and twentieth ftay of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one, until the faid first day of Auguft^ one thoufand feven hundred and fix ; and of or for the faid additional and other rates, duties, impofitions and charges upon feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, thereby continued from the laft day of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, to the faid first day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and of or for the duties Upon velum, parchment and paper, by the fame aft continued from the eight and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, until the faid nrft day of Auguft, one

thoufand

Digitized by

Google

• Anno primo ANN^B. c. 13.	[1701*

thoulfcnd feven hundred and fix; and of or for the rates and duties upon marriages, births, burials, batchelors and widowers, thereby continued, from the first day, of May? one thou-fand feven hundred, until the faid first day of Augu/i^ one thou-fand feven hundred and fix; and of' or For the feveraf rates or duties upon .houfes thereby continued, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three, until the faid first day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and all the monies (if any futh fhould be) which after fa-tisfadion of fuch principal and intereft monies as are therein mentioned, fhould arife by' the impofitions upon wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, wrought fiiks and other goods, 7 W. 3. c. io. by an ad of the feventh year of the reign of the faid late King.

William, whereby the fame were granted, and continued until the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one; and all the monies which after fatisfac-tion of fuch monies and bills as are therein mentioned, fhould arife by the duties upon houfes formerly granted for feven years, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix ; and all the monies which after fatisfadion of the fums therein mentioned, and the intereft thereof, fhould arife or be brought into the JExchequer, of and for the duties upon fait, which were granted to his faid late majefty King

7	W. 3. c.31. William the Third, his heirs and fuccefTors, by an ad of par-

liament which pafled in the feventh year of his reign (together with the duties upon glafs wares, ftone and earthem wares,- and tobacco pipes, which are fince taken away by ads of parlia-y ment) fhould be the general fond for making good the particular

8	W. 3. c* ao. fonds in the faid ad of the eighth year of his faid late Majesty’s

reign, exprefled and computed to be deficient, and fhould be appropriated, ifiued and applied, for and towards the making good of the fame deficient fonds, by the payment and fatisfac-tion of the principal and intereft due and to grow due thereupon, in fuch manner jmd form as in the faid ad of the eighth $ W. 3. c. 4.5. year of his faid late Majesty’s reign is more fully exprefled ; and whereas by the abovesaid ad of the ninth year of his faid late Majesty’s reign, for laying the faid duties upon whale-fins, and Scotch linens, for eight years, from the tenth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, the fame are aireded to be applied to and for the payment and fatisfadion of fuch principal and intereft monies, whereunto the faid duties upon glafs -wares, ftone and earthern wares, and tobacco pipes (fince wholly taken away) ought to have been applied, as by the faid feveral ads of parliament, relation being thereunto refpedively had, Formaking may more fully appear. Now to the end the above mentioned t^c/ore' deficiencies, for which no provifion hath been made, and which in this ad are computed to amount to two millions three hundred thirty eight thoufand fix hundred twenty eight pounds, fifteen /hillings and five pence, three farthings, as aforefaid, for principal monies (befides intereft) may be made good, and that all fuch principal monies, and the intereft thereof, may be well and fuf-

ficiently

laid deficien cieg, See.

Digitized by Google

1 jot*'] )	AnnQ primo Annj&. - ft. i. c* 13. 433	•

ficientiy fecired; and: drily paid and fatisfied, be it further eft-* a<fted by the authority aforefaid, That the overplus of the laid Overplus of feveral revenues rind duties by the faid adt of the eighth year of the feveral du* his faid late Majdty's reign, continued until the first day of Au-	s ^.3,

gufl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, as aforefaid, and of a. ao. and by the faid hereditary duties upon fait, and rock fait, and of the the duties on faid duties upon whale-fins, and Scotch linens* and of all other aild on the duties whatfcever, which by the laid ad of the eighth year w* c" as* * of his faid late Majesty’s reign, for making good deficiencies, as aforefaid, and by the faid ad of the* ninth year. of his faid, lato Majesty’s reign, for laying the laid duties upon whale-fins and Scotch linens, and either of them, are appropriated or direded ’. \ to be applied, to or for the payment and fatisfadion of the principal and intereft monies rin the fame ads, or either of them mentioned, which , (hall from time to» time remain, and be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer (in cafe any fuch o-verphisdo arife) after full payment and fatisfadion to be firft.* made out of the faid revenues and duties fo formerly granted and appropriated^ as aforefaid, of all the principal and intereft monies by the two ads laft mentioned, or either of them, fe-; .j cured, or intended to be fecured thereupon, or after referring] fo much thereof in the faid receipt of the Exchequer, as lhall t be fufficient foHy to difcharge and pay off the fames, lhall be[ part of the general fond, by this prefent ad provided, for mak-[t0 he part of ing good the:particular fonds before in this ad exprefled and:^e^e^ra* computed to be (till deficient, as aforefaid ; and all the faid o-, ^ * verplus monies (if any fuch be) are, and lhall be appropriated*/ iffued, and applied towards the making good the fame deficient) fonds, by the payment and fatisfadion of all the principal mla-j hies thereupon really due, and amounting to the (aid fum of two millions three hundred thirty eight thoufand fix hundred^ twenty eight pounds, fifteen (hillings, and five pence, three farthings, more or lefs, and all fuch intereft money due, and to , grow due, and which lhall from time to time remain unfatisfied*

(or not be otherwife paid or provided for) of and for fo much, and fuch parts' and parcels of the faid principal monies as do,/ or lhall carry or bear intereft to be paid for the fame, by the refpedive ads of parliament in that behalf.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the -authority aforefaid, Monies ariGng That all the monies which fhafi arife and be brought into the by tonnage receipt of the Exchequer, of and for the fubfidy of tonnage and an(i pound-poundage, and other duties upon merchandizes therewith con- agc» tinned by this ad, from the laft day of Juty, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the faid first day of Augujiy one thou-fend feven hundred and ten, and of and for the faid feveral im«* pofitions and duties upon wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eajl India and by wines* goods, wrought filks, and other duties therewith continued by vinegar, &c. this ad, from theteft day of July* one thoufand feven hundred slnd fix, until the ifaid -firft day of Augujiy one thoufand feven And b tbe hundred and ten**: and of and for the faid additional rates and additional im-ccher:dutie$, rimpofiriansr and,charges upon feveral forts :of goods pofitions °u

-aVovX.	Ft	and	goods, &c.

(hall with the overplus monies, &c. be the general

4J4	Anno	prime	[>70if

ami merchandises by this sfft continued r from theiaft day of » July, one thoufand feven hundred and. fix, until4 the faid first day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and; ten, and of and and on velum, ^>r the faid duties uponvelutn, parchment atvd paper, by this See.	aft continued from the faid laft day of July*, one thoufand

feven hundred and fix, until the, faid firlt day of Auguft^ one thoufand feven hundred and ten,' and of and for the (aid rates aftd by the du- and duties upon houfes, by this ad continued from the find ties on houfes, jafl. jay Qf July, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the faid first day of Attguft, one thoufand (even hundred and ten, and on whale- and of and for the faid rates and duties upon whale-fins and fins. See. Scotch linens, by this aft continued, until the first day of Auguft, one thpufand feven hundred and ten, (hall* together with the faid overplus monies (if any fuch be) and if there be no fuch overplus monies, then the faid fitbfidies, revenues, rates and the general other duties laft mentioned, (hall1 be, and arc hereby declared fond, for mak-to be the whole and entire general fond by this prefent aft pro* ing good the vided for making good the particular fonds before in this aft deficient fonds exprefled, and computed to be ftill deficient, as aferefaid, and Sre&cCXpre arc anc* ®la®' hereby appropriated, ifiucd and applied for and 9	* towards the making good the faid deficient foods, by the pay-

ment and fatisfaftion of all the principal monies thereupon really due, and amounting to the faid ium of two millions three hundred thirty eight thoufand fix hundred twenty eight pounds, fifteen (hillings, and five pence, three farthings, more or left; and all fuch intereft monies, due and to grow due, and which (hall from time to time remain unfatisfied (or not be otherwife paid or provided for) of and for fo much and fuch parts and parcels of the faid principal monies, as do or (hall carry intereft to be paid for the fame, by the refpeftive afts of parliament in that behalf.

XVII.	And to the end all the monies which (hall arife and be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the (Several duties, impofitions and revenues, which arc hereby appropriated for making good of the (aid deficient fonds, ana arc before in this adf particularly enumerated and declared to be the

!general fond for that purpofe, may be duly iflued and applied or and towards the paying off or difeharging of the principal and intereft, due and to grow due upon the faid fonds hereby declared or computed to be deficient, according ,to the true intent and meaning of this aft: , and that the monies by this aft appropriated for that purpofe may not be diverted or applied tQ any other ufe than is hereby intended, be it further enafted and How the mo- provided. That all the monies of the faid general Jond hereby nies of the faid appropriated as aforefaid, as lhall hereafter arife and be brought general fond, ;nto the faid receipt of Exchequer, as well for the (aid overplus amd lied mon*es	duties	formerly	granted,	as	for	the faid feve-

n app 1 * ral duties by this aft granted, when and as the (ame (hall commence or take effeft refpeftively, ihall heidiftributed, iflued and applied to and for the paying off orrdifirharging the principal and intereft monies charged upon, or which were .intended to •	4	i .*i	‘	..	/be

Digitized by

Google

bt paid joutof*he faid defickpt foods, (that is to (ay). The aid* tun Applies rwhich wretfe provided fordiDchargihg and: cancelling	:	*

fhcsiasd Exchequer bills, the faid pound^rate or land-tax of w iv 1 ^ three Shillings in the rpound^ which Was. granted in lhe eighth ycar.otthe reign of JCing WtUiam thmThirdv tho laid dtitks up* onpappr, paftboard* yelum and parchment,,which were grant* td ip. the fame year, : she: laid, late /duties upon malt and other fcbings* for difeharging .the feid tickets, the faid duties upon , feathers the faid quarterly poll granted in the ninth ytijtrof his Aid date Majeft^ the hid land-tax ^rantediin the teatH^par df IjijfudAtelM^efty,and-foe and tuwardsrthelaid fum bf^veiir- ‘ atjclhmifand eight hundred fewentytwopoends, eleven (hilling* acrLthree half-pence, deficient upon thee feid duties upon laky and upon iiampt vtelum, parchmentrand>paper, ;lb as that xpno* portionabie part 4>f the. monies fo coming, in, as afbeeiaid, fhatt he Biftributed, Blued and applied .to pay, or difcharge. the. ptin-•ripajvand intereft upon every one of /the foods lad .mentioned, according and ^ proportion to thefumof the deficiency there- .

-of, before, in and /by r this a& computed land exprefled ; and	•	x-

-that>the cotnaniiEoners,of her Maijdt^*treafury, or any three Jor morq of them toofw being, :or the high ireafurer, or under <treafuner of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the com*-aniflipners of the treafary ibr the time being, (hall on theiirft Jbidqy whjch (hall happen after the twenty eighth day of Aupfft^ one thpufand feven. hundred andfix,or after the time .that any paoneyj(haH arile and.be paid	ihe	Exchequer,

of the general fond by this a6t provided, which tfhaJl fkift bap* pett y: and fbom thenoeforthy oncebievery tweiity eight days,	{

•or oftnier, caufe mexafi accqunt to* be inade or taken of ail <the monies-that ihall be brdught into dieExchequer applb- *	"

cable to pay principal, and imereft on <(he faid deficient foods, as aforefaid, and fhaUnthereupon immediately from time fo time, by their warrants and orders, caufe fuch money to be Biftributed, applied and placed .to the account of each tax, re--venue or fond fo deficient, at aforefaid, in the juft proportions 4«fore mentioned, and according to the true intent and meaning of this adt	\	* > /

XVIII.	And it is hereby further enaftedy That the propositions of the faid money; -which (hall be (b diftributed or placed tothe foRids for die cancelling and difbhargrog the principal and inttreft of the faid Exchequer bills, (hall be applied to that ufc, Exchequer infoth^manner astteconimifiioners of thetreafury, or any three bill** or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being (hall in-thptbehalf direct and appoint $ and that the faid money fo to be diftributed or placed, as aforefaid, for difeharging the principal and irttereft upbn the faid malt tickets, (hall be applied ^a|t tickets# 'thereunto, in the fame conrfc, and by fuch proportions at eve-- $y payment, and in fuch * manner and form, as the fame ought to have been applied if foch monies had arifen from the faid duties of malt, and other duties, which were liable to the fa-<*isfa&km of thp faid-rickets* land that all the-reft of themonoy , w	F	f a	which

Digitized by Google

r4$5	Anno prime AANiE. 13. j[.iyou

^hicit'(ball be fo diffiributfed or placed; to "tbciiaccountiof- the *)ther defici- other deficient fonds, duties; and taxes* cbefcre. mentioned* for rot fgnds. ^ towards the payment of:the principal and"intereft thereupon;

(hall be iffued/ paid and difpofed, fo far asithe fame will from time to time extend, upbrt and in fatisfadtion of tlie:tallies or orders for the fame, in fuchand. the like courfe, order*: man* ner and form, as if the fame were m6nie* really, arifingi by /the: faid refpedtive taxes? duties, or* fonds hereby Competed and. expreffed to be deficient, as aforefaid* and that without Monies not beingrdiverted or .direntible to any other. ufe, or triifapplied', divertible, nor and: without giving jury imdne preference, under the .penalty tf mifapplied. incurring the fame: forfeitures vand Bifabilities by the officers and other perfons: concerned; therein, as they would haveiim Penalty. curbed for diverting onrmifapplying; any the; money: of; fuch tax, duty, or fond, in/Oafethe fame were, not deficient.. * f ^X*::Provided aUb,:and it is hereby, declared andiena&edi dut^ppropr^ Thatin ail cafes wherethere are/any arrears, of any duty created, &c. how venue, impofition. oc;braach whatfoever appropriated. towards applied. fatisfaCiion of-the ,:faid principal: and intereft, and not yet recovered,: all fuch arrears, as the (amei(hail be, levied or recovered y: (hall be appliedi-trcrwards ;fatisfactianx^ theifeme principal and intereft, and. the general fond,*: hereby provided, (hall go snd be applied in aid thereof, in fuch manner and form* and under .fuch limitations:aod :dtre<4icms as are hereby preferibed, •until the faid principal 2nd:dntereft (hall beall entirely paid off and difeharged ; any. thing in .this a6tcontained to the contrary notwhhftanding. . / r;: i . i .d: \ . ;

Impofitions on' XX. Provided nevertheldTs, and be it further enadted by: the foapT&c. to authority aforefaid? That nothing in this;affccontained fhall ex-continuebut tend, or be conftmed to extend, to continue,the impofitions till 1706. .upon foap and olivettil, firftgranted tpiiheirlate majefties King William and Queen .Mary , by an adbmade ia the. fecond year a W. & M.\ of their faid Majefties. reign, intituled, An a ft.for granting to their feff. a. c. 4. -Majefties certain impofitions upon all Eaft India goods, and manufiac-lures, and upon all wrought fiilks^ and fieveral .other goods and merchandizes^ to be imported-afiter the five.and twentieth day ^December, one thoufiandfix hundred and. ninety, and afterwards continued by feveral other ‘adfs, to the faid heft day of Augufilr which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, but all and lingular the impofitions upon foap and olive oil, granted by the faid a<ft or a£ls,. fhall determine and expire on the laft day of July, one thoufandTeycn hundred and fix.

XXI. And whereas by an a<St paffed ire the. twelfth year of 1* W.3. c.xi.i the reign of his late majefty King Williamthe Third, forgrant-ing to his Majesty feveral duties upon low wines orfpirits of the first extraction, and fot continuing feveral duties therein mentioned, provifxon is made, That the refpec&ve tr&furers of the navy, and pay-mafters of the land forces, and the officers in the fubordinate offices therein mentioned, (hpuld be chargeable -with the intereft monies by them or their agents refpeCtivety, Tecclved.upon tallies and orders for monies imprefted to them i.	,	'	feveraUy,

Digitized by Google

AuaqprinooiANN#.^,!, c<ij* a	43%

fevqrahy,;,during the jtime ht?>

%ftithe gating; ofthe f^ aa* ln-immim§t:-*nd fewtbece-; prefcribef ;;tand tha£ every fuch chargeJhould bje examined;

-entries andypuchqrs in the re©$pi, .pftExcheq^en*;-bfc-r fptp< the refpeaive account or accopqu $f the faid tr^fprers. payrna(iers, or,other officers ffioudd be declared, as by*|*e/aid. '	'	i	r

a# {relation beiqg thereunto had) may, more fully appeal:. apd>	:	3

the account pf the faid treasurers tpaymafWs and jp- ' v tj^pfticers, or . fame of them, of the monies by them feve^al-	;

lyJ? .received in their refpe&ive offices are-behind for feverat	>

yep^s fand if Ahe whole fliould hie delayed, till their respective mte^eft accounts, can be perfe&ty examined and fettle^ the famp ,might prove vsery prejudicial to. her Majesty’s feryice in many *efpe<3:st: be \t therefore enacted by the authority afore-feid, .That ^he comtniffioners of her Majesty’s treafuryvor any Xreafuir nu* threepence of tbeip;rraw beingvs^id the, high treafurer, orpr0ceed in'iU any, ^hf;ye or more of the commilfioners-of the treafury fqr the nifhing the ac-» time being, and the chancellor, under treasurer, auditors, and:cou*tso* 1 Qjth^pfficers an^minifers of the Exchequer for the time being, ^„a7yand to whom it dQth,qr ffialJ appertain. 4^ao and may proceed i$tordnance, See.

declaring and, .fipjffiing 'the relpedtive ^ccoupts of any the) laid;frq*furers paypaafters or ;other officers qf the mpnies by, them received for fb$< fer.vice of the /aid uayy forces, :apd fqr[ lervices jn the faid,fqbprdmateoffices, .according to the ancient ufagp and methods of fh&cheqqer,, fa as, before the .decljripg of the Jaft accounts of the: monks, by ^hemi.(everally. ref qjyed* as; a(prel^d,/tor theV^di fcfpeaive iefyices,; all tfie^/aid ityereft

3}qplq$be duly c*pmine4 and charged, as, the; fafd.former a<& jrje£^ed^ any thfrg'Jft ^heTwd/orp^ a<ft cqntaijfted tp.theconjr,

VaR notwithlkndinffi^ ;A,	U:,uwx>

t .XXfJ:,,And whqt?^r,thf fam qf typo hundred. aqddtWW: Monies in the qne thqufand< fey$h hun^^pd aiid twenty /opr ppunds^^p^yj^ hands of the |ipg.% iw«	gfiijprM pf the ar*ny,sky <v!n ^rm^w

S^SJW'l t^lfoes fqr 'reyerfto^ 9f>ftWt®W*PPropW^. -feM&ft ipnlied. ™

#.*artwiRent foE-$*eajHaepft of.;tbft (#^|^njpgs,.(df	.

ms for, the year .ended, Che, laft of; Qeumlexi one thmi&nd:	•	*	•

9£s#icf>	rewwsgrk^

genial or..^

Sjniy,%e .t{iovJ%»d^ ind^.yenteen,pou^^rRine^fhjlhflgs,,.pii® penny ; be it enaded by the authority aforeffud, tThat, ^qAlfai4 payjnaftcr gqneral^ pf tho army do fiflue t^fams fa rem^n^ng in his hands, to difebarge ffich offi^efejiggs of clptljing^ ^ were become'due before the laft da^Qf i)^^^, qne: t]}qyfap fix hundred and pigety favep^	'	>	pS;;	^	?	,

. ,XXlIL And whereas feveral perfqnsr wfop owe money tp her jdajqfty for cuftoms, impofitions, and otlier duties g^R^^onds unp^Pted; and exported, and for the excife upon beeg,^c and other, Hquprs, and for. tfte duties upon fait, or have, be^n concerned in receiving or returning the monies of thq faid branches or dome,, of them, have before the twentieth day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred and two, failed in their relpedive cre-

F f 3	'	dits,

ditsi amd they ot t*efr	fitfetfe* afc Sftt j dble

the full1 Ajnri due ftoiW tfcfettf rt^effivifyi buteaO* foy**

6$ enabled by the affiliate# Of friends piy fcknt part*ef WeiF j^e^ivei debfe ta her.Mgjbftyy kl cafe a corh^ftbnfto^H^ made With then* For the feme* be it enabled by theatithofity* Treafury maydforefaid,That itfhail aftd flwy be laWfel forth# centaniffibtW

compound ‘	m“	*	“	 -	•»	-	'	- ^	*

with perfons

owing money tor cuftoms, excifc, &c.

drs bf her Majesty’shredftiryy or ihy fhre^^or^flbrt^dftfcem^ bf the lord high treafljfoiVwtcohimHfidherd df Her MajeR/s Airy for the time befcSgv of ‘ahv three oFHAbfo of tterft* it iffi forte before the twAnh&h dayefr ApHh' onfe tfcbiffahd ffoenMnv dred arnd1 three] to-rhafce fueA eodi^bfit^ v6r^reeiiidht, d§W hitrt or them fhalll; foeftt foafonabfe ferf iHf ft^^debt^S3*#ofr#-1 feidy Which were incurtWbyptetfote	th^dr^ti1

and on pay- as> aforefaidv before the Aid twentieth d*jf df A$ril> on# Ih6utof i^ient©room- feven hundred and twdy ihd npoh p^itehf48th6IhdhfciceteM portion, dif- pounded-for, to ciufe the‘lemainder7^thb^ebt fo cotWphtiride# ch^ thc rt- for t#he difchirged ^ anf htw,	After itizHtftffotojg;

**?“ • tt^the donttary tetyrtaiftattding. :	'	-.	• •	-	'	:	I"

V (’ ’ : XXIV. And whert^-j^fo/iW ilffiffirfifo-fetae^

.v... ortil of fiiS‘late M^jefty*s^fixei, for fete afoAtlfcs'df ^

Gftejfitr> ivtnti th# year- one thoufahd S$t Hhhdr^d eighty hite, fo tte yeat oftet^i^nd fik huhdred ftitet^ tW<4f lat/WfiteS' iitttA fieWaftin drre&r ibbut fifteeh, thourf^tid pounds1; J^ktMebAfdfyiieiirt having fuftained greafc fofftsf by pbrtbrtfc break*' iK^JW^fferdebt, -By WRfirif te ttthmfe£ Afo!1^ tte KM tey< irfd bttrtg rdbted{* $f dfflei* part'ttereof, fehtfty t^Caf-riet&nd«fo Bfffllferfoig gfoit	fei dufe^tthS

late w$¥^ afld[ the fork} 'Nathankl AAoijfyMWKiSrihg by*th#fity erf *nt tffefo, aft# by WcWti taefaftty,': fiftfcfcd&hfoged greateft part of the laid debt, but is unahte td pdy c, :	h	' fbift 'temaihin^ utrpaid, bht beitib in ho^s by^-Ifhfc affiftawed^of

'	fHehd^ abdrelatidriftb taife pattAd5^,1^ CaffoHbf5-a edtflpAfifl^

Tre^ry nia^ oftv i^ thereford ehi6ted4)y the authorityiffere/aid‘ That hf fiVhSXn^ lhall tfnd th^y be liw^ for theeotW^ffioric^ bftef Tfefeffyi Molyneux>&c, tr^dtey^ 6r ariy thre^ bf' d^fet	^the	bid

Hlih tttaflhtV ror thb tiiti^Seirt^^tb nSjflte^lifeh reSbnftSe ebhi-With the fa&Nttihtihiel MdfyHeitil zi to thedi (hifff ifeeth ftiefetY ifrid upon {fdym^nt of the ittbpey1 dohtpblM(Jed;fot; W ^etiuit'^d Aifcharhe hfrnthe faid	'ofthe

ndtlof the faia-tfebf. ;	'	;	7

XXV. And wheAii dpoh ekaminihgahdft^ii^ttedtebt? to fte ^thiy, hy the‘cft^il5ohirsr ipb6ihVed: by. a late iff 8f patliatheht for thal purpSle, there appdaWd to bb due tdtM troops and companies of feveral re^itnents, oviririd ibpVt '#K« was due for the peffbnal pay of the ebtnmfflflbtied officers of'th^ faid regiments, feveral ranis r of money, which the ftid cWi-tniflioners wfer^ not impoWered by tte Aid aff to certify fo ill# paymafter general of the land forces, ft) as thttt he ifoght dwAd out debentures for the feme, which poWet is Jikewilfe Wfoting ^ 7 in an aff paflfed this feffion of parliantent^fotituled. An ifti' flt * reviving and continnittg On afty intifukd^ Ah aft fir tht'dppbmty

r ^	eommijfioneq

Digitized byCjOO^lC

tyoi.J . Anno pfrimo AKN.*, ft. r, 0,13.	439

ammjfifr&ri id tak&> examine and determine the debts due to the af+ mf9 nauji tthdfar trmjport fervice, and alfo an account of the prizes taken ittring the late war. To the end therefore that all fach as ferved his late Majesty and their country in the faid late ftftliy, may be paid what fhall appear to be due to them for thfcfr fervice, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the Commiffion-fatid commifli©nersT or any three or more of them, (hall have my acccounts" power aftd are hereby required and authorized to certify to the to certify the Md paymafter general, fuch furiis as (hall jappear due to any paymafter ge-fuoops and companies in the faid late army, in the name of, and J?eral» payable unto fach-perfon or perfons* afs the colonel and majo- ^ue to any6 rity of the captains of fach fegimcpte to which fuch troop and troops, &c. in Obttipany l^tengcd, haVe or fhaB impower to receive the (aid the late army, Certificates* purfaam to which certificates the faid paymafter Paymafter on kteefal (hall mafefe due and iffae debentures, payable out of the rotated eftate^ itPthft kingdom of Ireland, to fach person or bemures, &c.

authorised, aforefaid^ to receive fuch debenture}	9

Which faid p$fch Or perfons; forectiVing fuch debentures, are hereby requited to ilfac thereout unto all non-commiffioned of* fitters ^hd foldiers of horfe, foot Or dragoons, their wives or ibildrefij or fach: other persons to whom: they have affigned their pay £for debts by them due and Contracted op a^epunt of	v

the feme) fadhihare or proportion of fach debentures* or the	,	^

benefit thCreofp aV ftwll be made appear to be juftly due^ntp	v

fath non-commiffiOned officer and foldier, by certificate under fee hand of the captain in whofe troop Or company they ferved j	I

br4n cafe of iuch captain’s death, under the hand pf the colonel	'

bt ndct'farvtomg fidd officer or eldeft .captain of *hp regiment/	\

and further}'the pertbn or persons fo receiving fachdebentures, Perfenprcy^ tfs aforefakl, ujfon the receipt thereof, are required to give fe-	r

dftrity to the paymafter general of double the value of what he *fVe fecurftv? jfiiall receiviey *an!d alfo at the ebd ofithe twelve months, to&c.. - r tfetum unto hiitf’ the faid paymafter^ an account Upon oath of ■all the debentures by hltoPor them* tffuted in purfuauce hereof,	*

*ahd returning buik' to the hands of the faid paymafter, fach *	'	'

^iebentures	remain	not	rflued out to the ei^d of tjie faid 7 t,	..	*

^twelve mofifhs.	■	go	\v	,	Wy.-,,.	,	-

< XXVI. And WhefCfiis upon the tortftru&ion o£#i in an (• / * a<ft of this preftet pafrtiament, intituled, An dft fan reviving and u & i5 W. 3. 'Continuing an att\ fatittfidd) An aft far tie appointing wwmifltoners cap. 1. to take, examine and determine thtdebts dUeta the army, na%y9 and for ittinfport fervlit, and Sfo an account of the1 prizes taken duringthelate ^ivaryb doubt is madfe bonfcerning the allowance thereby intend- Declaration of tb be made, 'for ok towards the clothingwhich was furnilhep a doubt c°n~ to fach men as were refpited, reduced or diibanded, before the ance for cloth" contra<5ts of the clothiers could be paid for, out of the off-reck- ing, tor men -onings therein mentioned; it is hereby declared. That twodifbanded,&c, pencq per diem for fuch private foldiers, or one fourth part of their pay, to the first day of April next after every fuch refpite, reducing or dilbanding, (hall in the refpe&ive accounts to be

Ff4

ftated.

Digitized by Google

S(4*	Aano	jfritno	Ann.®, ft«i. c.13.'	[17cm

ftated, purfuant to the laid aft, be allowed for or towards the, charge of the clothing ofthe refpeftive troops and companies.* ...

XXVII. And whereas by one aft made in the eleventh aoi n & I* W. 3. twelfth years of the reign or his late Majesty King William the *'	Third, "intituled. An act for granting an aid to his Majejly by, Jfffa

■ . °f the forfeited and other, efiates and interejis /^ Ireland, and

•	land-tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentionedi it; is amongft other things enafted, That ail the monies arifing byvirtue of the fiid aft, within the kingdom of(other than fo much thereof as by any fpecial claufes or ,direftions ih

•	faid ‘Aft Contained is its be applied to other ,pfespurpofesin. ^he fold aft particularly'expreffed) (hall be-appropriated and

- applied, And are thereby appro^rikted and applied to.ahd for th§ fat^fjring, paying and difcharging of the officers arrears, and the debt owing for the tranfpdrt fervifce, and clothing, apd oth$r debts therein mentioned : *and whereas by reafoa pf the. relief granted this prefent feffions to feveral peifops ihterefted in and claiming part :of the faid forfeitures, the laid eftates tfiay not prove fuffirient to fatisfy and pay the faid. fev£raj debts* jbeit Allowance of therefore enafted by the ’authority aforefaid, That all thje arrears f 1. percent. jjue ^ the laid officers* -and dothiersy and,debt for traj^fport rear^due^o^ fervice, and the other debtsJnthe faid aft mentioned*, officers and allowed an\rirttercft df five per cent, per annumfrom itfif,relpee-clothiers, andtfve da^s hefoin after exprefled,. which ifctereft, (l\^J;bg, ^Gcep^-for transport e(j in payment of the purchafeof any the (aid fi^atpdeftates: and Pebi^main-^3^6^,0^	^ debts (hall remain unpaid ^ml upfatisfija#

ingunfatisfied^by the' produce of the faidreftates, (hall bemade good in ;tfi$ fliall be made mebft felfiof! Of parliament after the four Arid tw^eotieth, <^y^ gopdi «c. ’June^ one thoufand feven hundred and ;three* ^Hh thp faid iiv-tereft of 'fkifer cent, per annum, (that is to fay):$h$ itftereft. for 7**	and1 in refpeft of the arrears due to the faid office#^ and clothiers.

Further pro- and the other debts mitfc* fawl aft mentioned* rfKpli/ begin. and vffiohs $ w^3« commence from the four and twentieth- '.day; Q&:Stcemberx'Qi)to 9*&7jo W. 3»2f thoufapd'feven hundred andone; and the intexe§-for and in rg-c. 38.	*	fpeft of the debt due for the Irtfh tranfpQrfefe*yi^>; (hallbegin

ip&nW. 3*^and commence from fuch time as the intere&f<prmcrly grafted C &* A by parliament (hall ceafe and determine to bedrid 5 and t & 3. An. c. 9- jmereft for %iid in refpeft of the debts due Tot t?:anfpprt feryice, in the yfcatf One thoufand fix hundred ninety ap4 three,, fiiall bo-gin and commence from the five, and twentieth'day of March? one thoufand feven hundred and two ; *tand the iptereft for and in refpeft of the debts due for tranfporffsrYice in the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, (baH ^egm and commence from the faid five and twentieth day of Marekx one thoufand fsr ven hundred and two,	;	^

.	{ V! >

• CAR

Digitized by LjOOQle



Anna prime Atutjs^ift.1. XAF.XIV7 "

44*

I •)



An act for etoabliotg 'bkrMafefey fcappoint eommffeonm to-treat for aft iifth&fatweenlbt khigdofas of England and, I Scotland. ;	'y ' z:	:. ; ' 'v,

WHE R£AS /Zv parliament of$oo\\an&did intbe reign of their Ipfc mqjefetest Ring Wiliiarr* And &uee$ Mtoy, Jhew their defire 6f 'an union'between tbekingdoms ^Englaftd and Scot-land, -and in order: thereunto difpafs an aft* nomii\ating, cmmiJfion~ trs to treat conc^rping the union of the two kingdom s: and whereat the Queen's mofe exfe{lexf^ nuyejlyy iift of her princely zeal afid fare for the welfare a$fl fe#p&nejs ofj^fufye&fa is deferous of a nearer and more compleat union between- her 4wo kuigdorqs tf/VEngl a n d and Scotland, and hath recommenced to her parliament ^England, from the throne, to confeder of proper tnetmdtfor obtaining the fame.* to the end.tl^efore that her Majesty^s royal and graCidusr purpofes mav be accomplished^ and, fudva faj$h<y .unipii mgy ana agreed upon,v‘as may cpoid

Sant, mutuafloye.ancl. fri^nclmm	the fuhu^s ^f boll)

xe^lms; * be \i ena(rfed by the Queen** exc^H^ m^jefty* *’ ’ pAdjjice/and content o£,tljtf? lord*(piritu^ «and tlW,,CQmmons. in this wrefent .parJiament au

- ^ ' »< -j,' i. * i<j '-3

irjvyith t jtegiporalj! a:

t0	bk-q£ fife quor, .tflft^iby, force coramiffioners

.... this a&^Hvpfidl’ppwer, cotpmifBpn ant^autjjprjty^ at fufft of Scotland

fe a^MK^4'	^.places,	her	Wajefty	ST&h

fl^ajl.ple^ife .*0; Jjppptpf, tp affcipblt.apd meet,', thereupon re?JnM<)1 !tto_tr^at|- skndjcpnfult, aicordipg (tp,jne tenor or pyrppr* jrf their .«**n •-••• •* a^ority. or cpiru^ilTioa jn tluftfedddf, with eer&ip,jCQp?tpif- : , ; fipnprs as (hall.be authorized hyiftybprity of,th,e, parhaipept of •* J f ^Scotland,-ofand(;ppncerning fucp jjn^ynityt of the (ajd fC^p of 'jSnglqtndzaA. Second, apd of anc} poptfpr^ing fuch,other ipatters, claufys >pd filings,jyy^iatfoeyer, as rijpp jnature de'ibeta^n and ‘cqpfjder^tipp of^e‘ kreatelj	(aid	caxmpilftoners afr

fembled,, as' af6rei^|d> and the> cppjtpifTippens to^bp^pthprized ,6y t|»e, p^lUp^eM^.Sett/aod, jaftrdmg;to the tepdrjprpprppi^

3pf )Jieir cbriiriiinwq m that bel^)fj ,|hplj|,in their wifdpnjp tfeinjc eppyenient and neepffary, 'for the hopour of her Majelly, and ^he weal .and, copimpfi good of botJBj tljtp laid kingdpipsjor even; which coinmifliQriers.Qf both the laid kingdoms .fliall j accoiding to the tenor or purport of their fai^authorities or cQmrmffion^ In that behalf, reduce their dofrigs arid proceedings therein into writings or inftj tpoents quadripartite, erery .part to be fub-feribed and fealed by them: tq the.,end that one parr thereof may, in all humblenefs, be preferited to the Queen’s ipoft excellent majefty, two other parts thereof to be offered-to the confideration of the parliament for the realm of England, and spother part to be offered to the corifideration of the parliament

for



,	ty.H	•!

Digitized by

4r4&

AniKxprimQ ANjtatr' ft. K-,e::ggir



for the realm of Scotland, at their next Xeffions, which (hall be held in each kingdom refpetfftvely, -after fuch writings or in-ftruments fl»U be fubfcribed aridfcaled by the laid commiffion-ers.: ,that thereupon fuch further proceedings naay be had, as by her MSjefty and both the laid parliaments (hall; be thought fit and neceffary, for the weal and common good of both thp faid kingdomsj to Whom the'entite cOtifidefation of the whole, and the. allowing or di&ltowmg the whole, tit any part thereof, as they fitriad- think St, is Wholly referved.	'

Nothing treat- Provided alfc, SOd fee it enawfted add declared, That no ^rated of tobe of ter or tldttg to be sweated df, agreed or nfopbftd by th£faid force, till con- comfttifliOftOrS, by viftfte Of this adt (hall haVd Shy forte or ef-» liament.y ***' fe& H> 'fed ptrt ttt execdftoftj utftll it fee Cbttfirtned and eftablilh* ed by att of parliamenttiPEngtond.’	-

<ai». xv.	t;

An. aft to afcefyijbk

WHEREAS apphiiMA

eontm.only called Watefideafott,.^	ir'

very uncertain^ and not iffl&ililiffltft	A:t&Vobtftas tbt *ne&?

tainty thereof occafions mahjfftVelods and -iMxtittMtbetween buyer and the feller-, be'if thieWferd dfeaftSd;fey tnd ^e^n'^tnoft excellent majefty, by and WrtfitheTadvfpe aM Cottfefit of thfe JorM'fehftbhF-afed tcfo{foral, ateofoiribhsi ih’-fti^ pwfcntW--Waterji$jt- liamoht'aflBmfelid, add by t!fii/:atf$c$tyJdf;lfi# ’larhe, 'flat Ihre deferibed. the fbaldrtf' tommoniy. callfed	(Half	bd	mufti*;

and ift didlf&fef1 eighteen1iritHrfeh ‘fed ad‘Iwlf Wftlftn fhe hoob, and eight7 lftMtes <W6p,r: 8Hd no (Word, £rid;fb in proportion foV any gfe?iey tit leflfer • yfoestftirte' | *' afid thUt thrfty inttliute, cottr-tnorrly tailed ‘Wetter totofireilW'WHidh apples- and pears are fold, (hall be heaped as ufuaHyj'^nd that wtrofoevef fhaH fell or boy arty'apples* of pears by Of With any other meaftlfe, (hall forfeit for Mtyfatfh offence tett feilHhgs, one half to the InfocrtfeP, ahd'Hfe’6ther half to thtfpOpr Of the partffe Whetefodh offeftcfc flHall Be cotrlrhrttfed, feeing thereof lawfully1 cortvidted by t£te oath	tifone fofficient WWitfe before any juffieeof the peace,

mayor, or other head officer of the county, 'City, tif to\yn corporate^ Where the faid offWrce fhaH be committed, who by virtue bfkfife a&fhail have poWer to admirtiftbr ah feslth in that be?-' half, Which feid fum of ten fhilnttgs <haS.be levied by wartartt ■from the faid juftict of the peace, mayor, brother head officer, by the petty conftable Of the fame parlffl, 6f the goods ind chattels of mch offenders, fey way of difhtfs and fale of the offender's goods, rendringtothe offender of blfenders the overplus.	"	1

Not to extend lli Provided, That this adl, or any thingtherein contained, to feated fhall ndt extend to any meafures fealdd and allowed by the lo wed bv the ma^CTS> wardens, affinants and commonalty the freemen of fruiterers the art Of myftery of the fruiterers of the City of	to	be

company of ufed in the meafufing of fruit fold by them in the faid city, London.	-	and

i.i<, vi '•»..> (!■. i i

Fruit fold'by water mea-fufe (hall be heaped. Penalty.

Digitized by

Googl

e

xyot'J ! Anno priShoAwN;®/ flM*d&r*$.

and libettifesthereof, ofwithin *ijk« 4ift^np»./f<?nijth®. fkmecity.. (	"S'--	-	'	...	M,•;	!•

44&

K!.)'K!f fiK.;

CM* XVI.

J#	fbf’Phtenlarging	uni encouraging .the* Greenland

~	'Jirtkb.'° . •> T.rr/

•iv.i :o. *w/'i :

WHEREAS 4# jrawfe in the fourth and fifth yeats of ^

/Af r/(jw of their idt/fn^e^ies 'King William and £>ueen #	*

Mttfi 'jffifyefobsfcf the Qtttftttettdfifiery^ a oompmy wisjSer&i ‘ ~

'%${*£ 'fibertfiithr Jtid odfnpetrty^ exMiVe to the reft bj iheif Mbjefliei fuijefi$r:it is thereby enofttfc That it Jhall 5 Geo. a. c. i*. dud may he Idvoful fbr the jd\Acompany thereby efidblijhedy and for 6 G*°-*•?;?}•

1^5 to snibn*n,*;

W*

jffvvn^K(H^fvif a j	arm uuf/cj ry f//t tjivjkt j juua y* Jk/ii^iuu TTfcrty

and inhabiting within tie placesaforefuid* and for •fftffld ihhatfoiVtr^ '/rent and aftet the frf day of-bAny*. in the year of our Lord one	thoufandfix hundred ninety until	thefitji

day of October,	which Jhdlfain the year of our Lord one thoufand

Jeyen hundred and ftven, employed for the catching of whales in the &'&hhMftaS, atpfefhct thefthand plater afiteJM^ Ukrlkg JXth their voyages,-' l» bi'hMgattd With Mi third	JBnglilh

dUlbe' leafti cnsdyrt to pay no further	or Other	et

hfohbtt, >rfins^tadgkt'ondmportedin jfch jpipt orveffels, than if jfaf of	vjffds	had-been	navigated[tpitfy three fourths of t

i^^i^.^lcm-lawfjiatute or'iijage to the contrary hotttilthf(fading :	'providmdtwayif arid it .is therebyfuhh&tn&dted tytke au-

thority afofifai^ ^hal riot.ti0mjfaporrther vttffH? fating fag to EnglimdV.Waksvdr the town ^Berwick, upon Tweed,- undyddeh JhdUbelong W> and fee employed by the ford company	•? •» •" H

whales in' the; Greenland	fea^-anf-other. the

foid, MB,	rtiftyitfay benefit,	or privilege by this

tp.'veffil.did'	P*tteedfaibfr,PW<*gfyftifJ^eenland^ and theft Jtas\

oi^orMh^^ ftu^Spdl^eieeSf ^or^d^Eqjgap4'«f Wa|el.

«h\lkt	Mtrty^'Bpvhi^tupdb^wwsd«

findpoyfigtiuftme,y .tfafe	pla$fe to-be attejled by ihe tofeflor. of tbg

fiortinhere-lbe forte Jfap or vefftfuiaf vtdtualled: notwitkftanding Which e tht\\faid	eemgany hai)^ f late wholly neglehed and l°f that

trade to thib'nation.\>and	.forthe enlar^fhg. and eiv-

eduragiogv,tfee ^>;«'Kfc^ trad^i\and for the bettei; imfrovemehl oft be fame for the g6odof Engtehdi miyit please your Majeftv that it may. be enacted j- and it enacted by the Queen’s mod eiceHent nwyeftyi . by siaA with the advice afld corifeiit of th^ lords ipiritual and temporali and commorts^ in this prefent pa lament aifeeabled, and itythe authority of the faiihe. That fronj Britifhfub* bnd afttr die firft'day of Aday, which (nail be in the year of our je&s may trade Lord one fhOUfond feven hundred and two, it Ihall and may be ®° <^reen'an<^» lawful for airy of her Majesty’s fubuei^s whatfoever, that will gy ,0Geo. adventure to Greenland for filing of whales, to have and enjoy c. 16. & i». pU the privileges that were granted to the faid company by the Geo.». c. 16.

aforefaid fi 7-

)

Digitized by

Google

4j&

i"i r

Britifh fubfrBs ffbing in Greenland or in Da -•vis's freights, may import •whale-fins, oil, and blubber, cufiom free, for 1 years,

Anno primo Atttfm&QLti* x,*^,18.	1T^70^

tfordhid"aft*' and (ha£f ticxyiy aiifjfratbcr ,oc nthfer^faty, than if they had been of the faid Greenland company; any law. 0*; ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further erta&ed by fheauthority aforefaid. That to hktfftfcSei^^r xnhgxforeign<to*h^	t^e

aft: for carrying on tne faid fi(b^ry, J fliall be imprefled for her MyeflyVferyice,.	.	.

ivV

&c.' to be Hn' prefled.

loW.^-c^pf

r5Gea.Jt.eU0*

»>*j rn n

qa?. xvn.; ..uV^r.;., vV

An aftfac caHtmajng.aml	madea* tb* pi^tb year ojf

' tm-Ute	^intituled,. An ad for the fitting^andadjufiing tpe

proportionsof\finej^verandffij andfbr \bi better ma&ng'qff’Qtd andjdver thread, ana tffitjhlent the abufes of wire-dra*wtrs. \	‘w ^

fir tihrer gflrufed4iy the wire-drateeri, quantity ofNfine’jpld to a pound, otfilver. • Nag^twiretttb*^	Six	^unc^

of pb^e^ covet iourpurees oiJijk^Stc. Ho>v gshLand' uiver plate (hall be W rt Afl ifnetalilnlfe^wio j3ver (hall be fjtt^oft tfkrfcad, Seed No gold or litVef thread, &c. to reimported. f Aft7 to fcontinue fever* years. * PenaTty 60 felting goldrcr liiver. once, Ucenrtxt, ^&c. or felling, by any <*herrwi»ght tban	oc making gpodseontrary to.

ihhaftKiwrv'ftXP.

VC\’

'.A *vr-

r ^

v.

*-*v i

.1^-1 M

An *8f*	and

1	•.	Eighth warning rfr

r	^'imBBdit^yfinct4^^ inf fa highways and for.\

*n adt thadi'iktbeiwenty tbtrfcytofiof Quee* 1 Eliz^^jt^y^f the ti tdify^ of Cardiffe^tdridge th tbe. ..Uouni^^tuorg^;:,^j;>^(/(?r* 'tbaitgty'tbv iay of

?£$*&■>

H . .	->1 a	bfmr'aB'of‘^rliamfntm	the	two	and	tvotntittb

concerning die	Btenry the Eighth^ ifkitptUd, AH,

amending of a^cbi^i^nFr^airing and amending of wdgesr in the high*-’ wa^Sj iQsmmngft other ihmgsjlhAein finafifeds_ ‘Fbttt in every cajr iyhfre tfcaboif^biown Orfopnrdfidwhat perfsm,ten&sfte

_	_}	tenement?,*

pnd hodief. ppjfticf might tomaftbyimd repair fuch bfidget* that for fpeedy rfbrjftatim Vvnd' amen\lfr%j If fitch bridges^ 'th^jtt^ues of the feace withln thnh'Jfveral 'WhUtiy^mres, ''ridirigi, titri'&l^ ci~ tieiy and Jcwn t\corporate; or anyffimr of tbemi\ whereof toe to be of the c^rXittif'Jhafrwithi^	df	their	fiveml cotpfHiJfioas call

before them the cohfrahles \ of Atery	inid p&rifh, & efattuo-oftbe

mofl hgnef ihhdbitdntftf every ;to&m dnd' parijh, akd with the afjent oftbe’fafdfdtfflables or inhabitants ffball tax bnd-fet every in* pabitant iffuchcity, town, 'arid ftirtjbf to futh ttafitiabh cud, and fums of ytfafyfob they {hail think ty their dif^eitiMfcenvementfor (,	x	. <r the repairing yf fuch bridge?, hrfd:%fter filch taxation-rMade, fbnU

''	sT' rfir *	caufe tbt hahres nndjum of every farficulnr perf6k,fe	taxed,

... >	to be written in a'roll indented, fine zfiart whetfof is u be'delivered

under the hands and fedls of the fmd jufiices, to two collectors appointI .	. t.	; ^	ed fry the faid jujlices for every hundred, who are thereby impowered

: to co tie ft the fame; which method apid manner of taxing and collecting the faid money for repair of decayed bridge^ and^the highways *	thereunto

Digitized by )ogle

tkerewtovtimnSikmwbykH-.^HrUmkmfmdmy fane?	'rfat&M&two'ffwd tnnt/t^th..

itmts forpw#e%,ri$MS m4 diw/Wt^bd vebore^ WsHMf.Pkw *;	:;j

jfMthin tbiijtivgdom,	pure

filth bridge that h been taxed andn ttfyfitdi or thfr. m#t#$(ibicb bath \be/m fo taxed and	\colle£led-)katfr hem nftfmpltyed, atfdttptjajd

the repair ef futb bridges gs wasirdetwfdy.. for r^a)e4)»^o|^9 which mifctuds.9iMrincopyeni^ncies^F4h^;f^at'e, mayafpleafe your 4l-	,	.•;

Brtoftexoelten^jh^^y	;	-	■	^

-e9 hy the Quepn’i^noft excellent ma#lty,;1by:aqd;W.hh the ad*

^vipeupd cpid^tipfothq lords fpiritusd,apd tenrpora^. and coov-inons, -in-this pre/gm parliament aflembled, and by the- autho-

all*and, every-the	f*od	further cond-

things ia the tuiaC! pf the tw«,apd twentieth;y«%r of the ragp nued.

•of thg Cud^ing i^iMy the Eightbjjjtot hereby alffred, lhall be •and eentiouejn ifqll force aqd, virtue, to all iqteots^ cpnftruc-tion? ,an4:., purpofe* whatfoever, :relating to.the repairing! of decayed bridges, and the .highways,, tl>ereunto,adjoining. • ,

II. And be it farther ena&ed bjuthe authority.sdore&id, That por collefling for the mom eafy taxing and collecting of the, qioney. for the money for rerepair of decayed bridges, and that the fame may,ip4uly ap- pair of decay-plied.to the purpofes for which it is\ intended, the prices of fticMot^eace the peace, within the-feveraf limits	fit.their comatiftions, lhall, may affeu eve-

at their general or quarter feftipns of the peace, from, and after iy town, frc. .the first day of M&y, which ihajl he in the-yeariof opr Lord one in proportion.

: thoufandfeven hundred and two, have fuil.power.and authority, upon due prdentment to them made, that spry bridge with- ■	-	‘

in their refpeitive commiltiops	at,authorities, is out.of repajr,

and which by them hath ufually, or ought to have been, repaired and maintained, to afleis upon,every town, .parilh; or place .within their-refpedive commiliions,. in proportions upon each refpe&ive town and parilh,.as,they ufually have been alleged r towards the repair of bridges;which monpyt lb alTelled as afore- Afleffments faid, (hall be levied and coUe&ed :hy; the refpeftive conftables hP^ t° le'

; of each parilh, -townlhip, hamlet or vill, or by. fuch other per-y,ed,&c‘ fon and persons, -and in fuch manner, as tlie faidijuftices, by, their order: at fuch feffions, lhall ..in tthat.foel^al£. dir^Ci and ap,-.ppint, and.the money thereby rapfed,lh^ (.by,foch conftablfcs, or other perions, fo as aforefaid by them collected) be paid over by'th^m to the high conllablef of every hundred, in any fuch county, city, riding or division, in fij< days aher. they ihal! have , received the fame,-.«nd jthe high conftables lhall ancl.gre hereby ■ - ■ r<quipd, ia ten days after ihejr receipt, to pay the f^me into the hand.s of fuch peribn and persons as the laid jufticty, by their prder, at fuch fpffiops lhall djre<ft and appoint ;tq be treafurers Treafurers te and receivers of the lapi§t and thje money thereby railed lhall be appointed, be employed and accoutred for, according to the orders and and monies . directions of the faid juuic^s, for and towards the amending of *'?w employ-fuch decayed bridges,, and (he -highways;,at the end of the faidea*^ bridge, from time tq time, $>s ne?d lhall require} and the faid... ; J'y

VaSfajwiJh^y hF'feyfct; byrdiftr*k	jof

cdi 6	‘	"Q"	vevery

Digitized by v^ooQle

C446	Ando	L1TA&	!£iyot.

On nonpar- Wety 'fMSrfan fo	not	paying	the	fcale	jwttfctft	teft days

“*P* *® ^S- oft®*' demand, rendring the owfituB of the vatoe of the goods toc6. by ^ . ^ diffiTaifted to the owner and owners thereof* the neceffaty charges of making? and fdtiftg fofch diftrefe being first dedufted.

III.	And to the end that the money which is hereby intended xt6 be aflfefled and levied, may be duly collefted, paid and applied to the ftveral; purpofes tor which it is intended* be k

Penalty on further enacted by the amhonty aforefeid* That erery high conftable, &c.xenftftb!e>,‘ churchwarden, ovarfeer of the. poor, or petty eonfti-HWe, or othdr^perfon that (halt hegledt to affife, colteft or pey the money heneby intendedtd be railed, as is herein before dfoe&od, •ftall for every fuch offence forfeit the fra of forty (hdfiiigf ; and <evety treaforer that JhaH pay any money %&t: by*cider of fuc^ juftices eif the peace,-at fceh feflWns (whfoh erider the faid ^ftices are hereby required and commanded to makeonly far the building, repairing, or amending foch ‘brkfeee, W the highways at the end or fuch bridges as* aforefaid) (ball for every fuch oifonce forfeit the frnnof five pounds.

IV.	And whereat upon prefentments and mdiflments for not repairing fuck bridges, and the highways at the end of fab irifas, tbe fineiimpefed andfetuponfah prefentments and

and other fines and imei for not repairing, building and amending fuch' bridges',andibe highways at the ind of fab briagei, arerelumd into the court of Exchequer, or other courts; be it therefore •Pines,•&*% further eh^ed by the authority afore&id, That riaftne, iffue, th btrPafd t0	wTdrfeffure,	(haft	hereafter	be	returned	into	the eourt

tee urer. cf Exchequer ’, or other court, but' (hall be levied and paid into the hands of the treaforer or treafurers, fo as aforefsdd appointed -by'the 4Sd juftices, to be accounted for by the $id treaforer, 'and to be applied by the faid juftices towards the building, 'repairing or amending fuch brtdges, fcnd the. highways at the end of foeh bridges, and to no other end or purpofe whatfoever.

\ Matters con- V. And be it criafted by the authority aforefaid, That all CC^rtrflrM es matters concerning fhe repairing and amending of toe bridges &c! where t©S*ant^ highways herein before mentioned, (haft be determined m be determined, the county where they lie, and not elfewhere; and that no

ErefentmentormtHftment for not repairing fech bridges,'orthe ighways at the eni of foch bridges, ftwH be removed by Certiorari out of the faid county into .any other court.

Juftices to al- yi. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, rnlund E* ^at Ae faSd juftices of the peace at fuch general quarter ^	*	*	feflions as' aforefaid, (hall have fuH power and authority to

allow fuch perfpns concerned in theexecution of this prrfeat aft, any fom not exceeding three pence in the pounds *•	VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeftid,

That if any aftion or fort (hall be hereafter commenced or y ' , profecuted agairift any perfbn or perfohs by this aft authorized .. to put the fame in execution, every person or persons fo fued. General iffue. may plead the genei^l Hfoe, and give this aft, or the faid recited . aft made in the t^vo and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry <ASit Eighth, and the fpecial matter, in evidence j and# V~VJ	^	the

Digitized by GooQle

* tew&imca8.

447

tbe plaintiff ffcall become nonfuit, or forbear further prpfecurion, or fuffer difcontinuanee, or if a verdiA pafs againft him or her,, the fold defendant and defendants (hall recover hia and their double cofts, for which he and they (hall have the like remedy. Double cofts# as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

VIIL Provided always. That mis a& nor any thing therein Perfoniaiid contained (haH excufe or difcharge any particular perfons,eftates, thing«ex* or places from repairing any bridge, which they have heretofore fifually repaired.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Penalties how all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by this a# (haH be ap- to be levied, plied towards the repairing the Mi bridges/ and highways at

the ends of the fame.

X.	And whereas great tncotrveniencies have been occafioned by the

uncertain meaning if an aft made in the twenty third of Queen Eliza- tJ ^Zm c# Il4 J>eth, intituled, An adt for the re-edifying of Cardiffe bridge in repealed* the county of Glamorgan; be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and coment of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, That the adt aforefaid be from henceforth repealed, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, to all intents and purpofes whatever.

XL. And whereas the town o/Czrdiffcin the /aid county was, before the faid aft of Queen Elizabeth, obliged to pay and difcharge the whole expence for the repair of the Jaid bridge, but in regard of the poverty of the Jaid town, five parts of the Jaid expence wai by the Jaid aft direfted to be railed on the county, and the Juctb part only on the faid town of Cardiffe : and whereas the poverty of the faid town is Jmce much increafed, by reafon of the great decay of trade in the Jaid town; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid, for a more effe&ual provifion for the time to come. That the Carfofe bridge afbrelaid, commonly called Cardiffe Bridge, (hall from deewtd henceforth be reputed and adjudged to be a common and a pub- bridge?0*1 * Jade bridge, to be repaired from time to time by the county of How it (hall Glamorgan 5 and that the juftices of the peace for the time being be repaired, for the county of Glamorgan (hall have full power and authority, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, at their general quarter feffions, to make orders, and execute the fame, as well within the town of Cardiffe, as elfewhere within the county of Glamorgan, touching the rebuilding and repairing of the bridge afbrelaid, and wears thereto adjoining or belonging, in the. fame manner as any the juftices of any other county have, or may have, concerning other common and publick bridges, by this or any other law whatfoever.

• XII. Provided ncverthelefs, That nothing herein contained Orders here-fhall be conftrued or extend to make void or annul any order tofore made heretofore made touching the repair of the bridge and wears not to bean-aforefaid,	.	nulled-

XIII.	And whereas many private	per fensor bodies politick or cor-

porate, are of right obliged to repair filth end the highways thereunto	adjoining,but becaufe the inhabitants if the coun-

tJt

Digitized by Google

*4,8

*8 E&z. x. 7*

. Anno priifib	ft.	f.	C. i8. f 17<5t^

ty, riding* or divifion^ inwhichfuch decayed bridge or highways li$i have not: been allowed* upon informations or indictments brought a~ gainjl fuch perf on or perfins* bodies politick or corporate, for not re-•	pairing fitch decayed bridges* and the highways thereunto adjoining* by

the judges .before whom finch information or indictment is to be tried* Evidence of to be legal witnejfes; be- it enaCted and declared^ That in all in-inhabttants to /ormations or indictments tQ be brought and tried in any of her be taken ioin- jviajefly’sL courts of feccrd at Weftminfter* or at the aflizes or formations. qUarter feifions of the peace, the evidence of the inhabitants* heing^redible persons, or any of them, of tKe town, corporation, county, riding, of divifion, in which fuch decayed bridge :or.highway lies, (hall be taken and admitted in all (itch cafes, in the courts aforefaid; any cuftom, rule, order, or ufage to the contrary natwithftanding.

XIV. And whereas by an ad of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the reign of ^ueen Elizabeth, of bleffed memory* intituled, An aCt for the perpetual maintenance of Rochefler bridge, it is amongfl. other things ena&ed and appointed* That the election of'the wardens and ajjiftants of the faid bridge should be made on the morrow after the general quarter fefjions of the peace holden for the county of .Kent* next after the feajl of Eafter: and whereas the faid time of the election* appointed by the faid aCt* hath been found to be very in--convenient* in refpeCi of the uncertainty of the ending of the faid fef-fions, whereby the inhabitants of the parijhes, and others that are to attend the faid election* have been put to great expence and trouble* Wardens, &c^be it therefore enaCted, That all and every the future and fuc-oi Rochefler ceeding wardens and afliftants of the faid bridge Ihall be yearly bridge to be chofen, at the ufual place Of fuch election, at or upon one certain day yearly (that is to fay) Friday in the week next follow-f ing the week of Eafter yearly: and that all and every the wardens and afliftants refpeCtively, fo to be elected upon Friday in * and enjoy the the week next following the week of Eafter, (hall fucceflively lame power. jlave^ ufe> eXercife, and enjoy the fame powerv authority, capa-■	city,	and privileges refpeCtively, as any former or other wardens

or afliftants of the faid bridge refpeCtively have had, ufed, exer-cifed, and enjoyed; and that all other due requisites, matters,

%	circumftances,*	and	things hereafter ufed and obferved, in and

about the election of the faid wardens and afliftants refpeCtively, " (hall be ufed, performed, and obferved; and that all and every the inhabitants and houlholders of any pariih or parilhes, and all and every other person and persons, who by reafon of any law, fta-tute, ufage, or cuftom, have ufed, or ought to be prefent, and give their attendance at the elections of the wardens and afliftants of ' the faid bridge, (hall be prefent, and give the like attendance, and do and perform all other things in and about the election of all and every future wardens and afliftants of the faid bridge, upon every Friday in the week next following the week of Eajler yearly, as they have heretofore ufed, done, and performed, upon the morrow after the general quarter feflions of the peace • next after the feaft of Eajler%

choien annually on Friday after Eafler\/tt k,

CAP.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1701.3	Artno primo AnNj®. ft*. C.19—21.

CAP; XIX.

An act for the rebuilding and repairing the piers of the town and port of Whitby in the county of York.

Duties to be paid. For coals (hipped at Newcaftle, &c. i q. per chaldron# and landed in .Whitby haven, 6d. per chaldron. Salt 2 s. per weigh. Malt, &c. 4d. per quarter. Foreign goods imported. Butter 1 d. per firkin. Dried fifb, &c. id. per fcorfe. Barrelled filh, 3d. per barrel. Englilh Ihip entring port, 12d. Top4d. Foreign (hip 2 s. Top4d. Collector to have 6d. in the pound. Truftees once a year to make up an account, &c. Lord of the manor, &c. may examine the fame. Truftees may contract for repairing the piers, &c. And engage the profits of the duties for monies borrowed, Sec. After 6,6001. is raifed, &c. the iq. per chaldron to ceafe. Truftees account to be laid before the juftices, &c. On death of truftees, furvivors to eleft a new one; Penalty on throwing ballaft, &c. into the harbour, Coal (hips belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted from duty, oh certificate ana oath, &c.

CAP. XX.

An act for making the river Derwent, in the county of York, navigable.

Undertakers for making the river Derwent navigable, from Scarborough mills to New Malton, &c. may make new cuts, &c and let out towing-paths, Satisfying owners of lands for damages, Sec. person declining commiflioner8 mediation, fheriff of 'York to impanel a jury, who may view the place in queftion, and on oath may inquire and aflefs damages* Commiflioners to give judgment thereupon, which (hall be binding, &c. On payment, See. undertakers may aft* Sec. Commiflioners not to aft where concerned. In cafe of death, &c. of commiflioners, furvivors may appoint others, having 150I. per annum, or 3,0001. Rates on goods, &c. to be paid. On non-payment, goods, &c. may be ftopt. Watermen may fet up winches. Mafter of boat or veflej, anfwerable for damages. Sec. Commiflioners to furvey the river, &c. Undertakers to bear thd whole charge of cleanfing, Sec. Undertakers to fatisfy owners of mills, &c. for damages. In cafe the courfe or ftream of the river be raifed, undertakers to raife the banks proportion ably, Sec. Marfh lands molt in danger of being drowned. Sec, Undertakers to give fecurity fo* maintaining the rents thereof.

CAP. XXI.

An act for preventing frauds in the duties upon faltr and for the better payment of debentures at the cuftom-houfe.

FO R prevention of evil praftices frequently made ufe of in defrauding her Majesty of her duties upon fait, be it enaft-ed by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the ad* vice'and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every person and persons, being a maker of fait, pr a refiner of rock fait, or being a proprietor of any fait works or fait pits, (hall, on or before the four and twentieth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and two, make a true and particular entry in writing under his and their refpe<ftive hands, at the next fait office to their refpeftive pits, works, or places of habitation, of the number and fituation of his and their refpeftive fait pits and fait works, and of the number of pans in each fait work, and of the number and fituation of every ftorehoufe, warehouse, and other place, by him or them made ufe of, for the making, refining, or keeping of fait or rock-(alt, on pain of forfeiting the fum of forty pounds; and all and Vol. X.	G	g	«Yery

449

EXP.

7 Geo. 1. ftaC« x. c. 16. Re'vtved by 9 Geo. 1. c. i9»

Makers, of fait (hall enter the number, of their fait pits and pans, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

450

Penalty.

Penalty on cre&ing fait works, &c. without notice given.

Officer may enter into (al work, &c.

Penalty on refufeL

Penalty on (alt found, and not en-tred or duty gaid.

Anno prlmo Aknjb. ft.i. C.ir. [iyor.

every maker of fait, refiner of rock fait, and proprietor of any fait works or felt pits, who, after the Cud four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and two, (hall ereft, fet up, or make ufe of any fait work, fait pit, felt pan, ftorehoufe^ warehoufe, or other place, for the making, laying, refining, or keeping of felt or rock, felt, without giving notice thereof at the next fait office, (hall forfeit and lofe for every felt work, felt pit, felt pan, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or other place, fo erected, fet up, or made ufe of, without fuch notice, as aforefeid, the fum of forty pounds.

H. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That lt» it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral officers for the feid duties, to enter into all and every the works, warehoufes, ftore-houfes, and other places made ufe of by any maker, refiner, or importer of fait, or proprietor of rock fait, for the better looking after the feid duties, and preventing frauds therein; and if any felt maker, importer of felt, or any refiner or proprietor of rock felt, after the feid four and twentieth day of June, (hall, upon due requell or demand made by the officers for the feid duties, in the day-time, or in the night in the prefence of a con-ftable or other lawful officer of the peace, refofe to permit fuch officer to enter and come into his or their works, warehoufes, llorehoufes, or other place by him or them made ufe of for making, laving, refining, or keeping of fait, fuch maker and importer or felt, and the refiner or proprietor of rock felt, re-fpe&ively, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of forty pounds.

III. And whereas great quantities of fait are frequently found in the cuftody or pojfejfion of feveral persons who live near the fait works or fea coafts, which fait is not duly entred, nor any duties paid for the fame, and if difeovered by the officers for the Jaid duties, the persons in whofe cuftody or pojfejfion the fame is found, pretend that the Jams doth not belong to them, fo that the penalties by law impofed on the persons that landed fuch fait, or removed the fame from the fait work, without entry or payment of duties, cannot be inflifted on fuch offenders : for remedy whereof be it enadled by the authority afore-feid. That every person in whofe cuftody or pofieffion any felt (hall be (b found, which hath not been duly entred, ana the duties thereof paid, or fecured to be paid, (hall in cafe the feme be foreign felt, be liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures, as if fuch person had landed the fame without entry or payment of duties, or giving fecurity for the fame; or in cafe the? feme (hall be Englijh felt, then to De liable to fuch penalties and forfeitures, as if fuch person had removed fuch felt from the felt works, without entry, or paying or fecuring the duties thereof, and without any ticket or licence obtained for removing the feme, unlefe the person or persons, in whofe cuftody or pofieffion fuch felt (hall be found, (hall make it appear, upon the trial or hearing of the information for fuch offence, that he bought fuch foreign or Englijh felt of a maker, retailer, or importer of fcjt, and of whom he fo bought the fame.

IV, Jni

Digitized by v^ooQle

I70i.J	Anno primo Annm. fhr. c.21.	4^1

IV.	And tvhereas feveral persons, efjecially fait carriers, do frequently catty fait from the fait works and Jlorehoufes of the makers of fait, without entry or payment of duties, or giving fecurity for the fame; and when they find themfelves purfued by the officers for the faid duties, with force obflruft and hinder the officers from making feizures thereof,\ and frequently beat and abufe them, whereby they are very much difcouraged in performance of their duties > and fometimes the faid persons fcatter the Jaid fait, on the ground, or caft the fame into water, to prevent the feizure thereof , and the faid offenders, being for the mofl part very poor, are not able to pay the penalties by law impojed on them for fuch offences, and fometimes before fuch penalties can be adjudged againjl them, make their efcapes to remote parts9 and cannot be found: for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fait carrier, or other person or Salt carrier* persons whatfoever, (hall, from and after the faid four and twen- removing felt tieth day of June* remove or convey any fait from any fait works, (^ecfore cn-ry* or place thereunto belonging, without due entry of the fame, officer may and payment of the duties thereof, or giving fecurity for fuch feize the femey duties, or without warrant, ticket, or licence for carrying or&c, removing the fame, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall bo

Jawful for the officers for the faid duties, not only to feize tho fait fo removed, but alfo to apprehend the faid offender or offenders, and carry him, her and them before one of her Ma-jefty’s juftices of the peace of the county or place where the offence (hall be committed : and in cafe the faid offence (hall be on nonpay-proved before the faid juftice of the peace, and the offender or of- ment Qf ***? lenders (hall not forthwith pay down the penalties by the laws impri-0* relating to the faid duties impofed on fuch offender or offenders, foned. for the offence fo proved on fuch offender or offenders, and no fufficient diftrefs can be found whereupon to levy the fame, it fhall be Jawful for the faid juftice of the peace to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month: Penalty on and if any person or persons (hall obftruct or hinder any officer Perf<Ml hm“ f Or officers for the faid duties in the execution of his or their	*

Offices, or the powers given them by this act, or any other law relating to the faid duties, or (hall beat or abufe the laid officers, or any of them, in the execution of his or their offices, fuch person and persons (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds; and for nonpayment thereof, and in default of diftrefs whereby to levy the feme, it (hall and may be lawful for any of her Majesty’s juftices of the peace, upon due proof of fuch offence, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month.

V.	And whereas feveral persons do make ufe of brine taken out of penalty on

trine pits or brine pans,for curing or pickling offlejh and fijh, or for-perfon ufing preferving of other provifions, without boiling the fame into fait, and ^rine tof £UJ> alfo erf rock fait or fait rock, without refining the fame into white fait,	or'

whereby her Majejly s duties on fait are much prejudiced: for pre- ^ $Ci> faction thereof be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tfiat

Gg2	frpm

Digitized by L^ooQle

carrying brine from the pits, except proprietors of pans % See.

5 Geo. x. c. 38. f.17.

84 pounds

foreign fait.

452	Anno prime Annjb. ft. 1. c.2Ti; [1701;

The like penal- from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, one ty on persons thoufand feven hundred and two, no person or persons whatfo-ever (hall make ufe of any fuch twine before the fame is boiled into fait, or of any rock lalt or fait rock, before the fame is refined into white fait, for the pickling or curing of flelh or fi(h, or for the preferving of any provifions, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings for every gallon of fuch brine or pound of rock fait or fait rock fo made ufe of, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity.

VI.	And whereas her Majejly is very much defrauded of her duties upon foreign fait, by the different and uncertain meafuring of the fame, upon the importation and exportation thereof: for remedy thereof

WT ______ be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after

Weight deem- the faid four and twentieth day of June, eighty four pounds td a bulhel of weight of foreign fait (hall be deemed and taken to be a bufhel of foreign fait, both upon the importation and exportation thereof; any thing herein, or in any former law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas the importers of foreign fait do bring the fame in veffels on the fever al coafts of this kingdom, and dominion of Wales, and lie hovering off the faid coafts, and will not bring the fame into port, or land the Jaid fait, until they can get an opportunity of running fuch fait without entry or payment of duties; and in many cafes where they do bring the fame into port, yet continue fuch fait in port on board their veffels, and refufe to enter or land the fame, and in the nighttime, or abfence of the officers from on board fuch veffels, privately run the faid fait on fhore, without entry or payment of duties, or giving fecurity for the fame: for prevention thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, where any (hip or veffel laden with fait (hall be found hovering on the coafts of England or Wales, not diredly proceeding on her voyage to lome port, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers of thecuftoms, or the officers for the faid duty on fait, to go on board fuch veffels, and compel the fame to come into port, and to continue on board fuch (hips or veffels until the fait (hall be unladen, or the faid (hip or veffel (hall depart from the faid port, .on her intended voyage, to fome other place; and if the persons on board fuch (hip or veffel, or any other (hip or veffel importing fait, (hall negledf or refufe to enter or unlade fuch fait, for the fpace of

nuf enterU&c twenty days a^ter ^ame ls come *nt0 Port> or w^hin that tnayen er, c. tjme tQ depart and proceed regularly on their voyage to fome

other place, unlefs permitted by the chief officer of the cuftoms

for that port to make a longer ftay, then and in fuch cafe, all

Salt forfeited, the fait on board fuch (hip or veffel (hall be forfeited, and double

the value thereof, to be recovered of the mafter of fuch (hip or

veffel, or the person commanding the fame in that voyage.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-

forefaid. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day

of June, no foreign fait (hall be imported from parts beyond

tilt

Officer may compel (hip laden with fait, and hovering on the coaft, to come into port, See.

No foreign fait to be imported in any

Digitized by

1701.]	Annoprimo	Ann.®, ft.i. c. 21:	453

the feas, in any (hip or veflel of lefs burthen than twenty tuns, veflel lefs than and in bulk only (except for the neceflary provifions of the (hips) *°tuns; upon pain of forfeiting the faid fait, and double the value there- pe^£y°n* of, to be recovered of the person importing the fame.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, 65 pounds That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, we,gh* of fixty five pounds weight of rock fait (hall be defcmed and taken jcemeda to be a bulhel of rock fait; any thing in the faid former aCts bu(hel. contained to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing.

X.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That from and after the No rock fak (aid four and twentieth day of June, no roGk fait whatfoever he refined fhall be refined or made into white fait in any place or places ^lcrofthe10 whatfbever, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, pjt#

or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except fuch places as are or Lawn Marfh (hall be within ten miles diftance of the refpe&ive pit or pits provided for by from whence fuch rock fait (hall be taken, or at fuch places as * & 3 upon or before the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hun- wt^ Annae, dred and two, (hall have been uf£d for the refining of rock fait) c. it f. under the pain of forty (hillings for every bulhel of rock fait that Farther provi. (hall be melted or refined in any houfe, place or places, notby-^*1* Ann*, this aCt allowed for that purpdfe, and fo in proportion for ag Geo.i.Vn, greater or lefler quantity.	f, 2,

XI.	And whereas by the feveM alls for laying duties upon fait, any person exporting fait to parts beyond the feas, is intitled to a draw-back of the whole duty of the fait fo exported; and it is found by ex-

perience, that many exporters offait and rock fait, after they have obtained the faid drawback, or a debenture for the fame, do privately reland fuch fait or rock fait in England or Wales, without paying the duties thereof upon fuch relanding: for prevention thereof, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, no debenture (hall be made or granted, or drawback allowed to be paid, for or upon account of the No drawback exportation of any fait or rock lalt for Ireland, until the exporter allowed on ex-of the faid fait or rock fait (hall produce, to the officer appoint-cd to make fuch debenture, a certificate under the hand of the certificate of collector of the cuftoms of the port in Ireland, where fuch fait the quantity or rock fait (hall be landed, or the person executing his office, landed, &c. of the particular quantity of fait or rock fait adtually landed, to &y	c‘

be computed after tne rate of fifty fix pounds weight fo the jlatlcba<k is to bulhel, in cafe the fame fhall be Englijh white fait, and after the be allowedjor rate of fixty five pounds to the bulhel, in cafe the fame fhall be [alt loft, &c. Englijh rock fait, and after the rate of eighty four pounds to the bulhel, in cafe the fame (hall be foreign fait; which fait and rock Collectors to fait is hereby directed and required to be weighed by the faid weigh fqch collectors or persons executing their refpeCtive offices, and the	*

is

faid certificate to be made gratis and without delay. And it hereby enaCted, That no drawback (hall be allowed or paid for more fait or rock fait, of the quantity exported in fuch .veflel, than what fhall appear by fuch certificate to have been actually, landed in Ireland.

gratis, &c.

G g 3

XII..'And

Digitized by ^ooQle

If a fait (hip be drove into port by ftrefs of weather, &c.

Officer may come on board, &c.

Penalty on refuting to admit him.

If fait be put or (hore before entry, &c. cargo forfeited.

Salt (hipped %q be tranf-ported, &c.

Anno primo Ann^. it. x. C.ti. [170!.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fhip or velTel,laden with fait exported, to be carried to parts beyond the feas, (hall, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, by ftrefs of weather, or otherwife, be drove or come into any port, creek, harbour or other place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Ber+ wick japon Tweedy it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officer of excife on fait for fuch place, appointed or to be appointed for that purpofe by the commiffioners of excife, to enter or come on board fuch (hip or veflel, and there to continue and be, till the faid (hip or veflel (hall unlade her cargo, or return to fea to go her intended voyage, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered of the matter of fuch (hip or veflel, who (hall refufe fuch officer fo to come and continue on board as aforefaid. And if the faid mafter, or any other person, (hall unlade or put oft (bore any part of the faid fait, before due entry or repayment of the duty, as by the ftatutes in that behalf made is provided, that then, and in every fuch cafe, not only the faid fait fo unladen, but alfo the whole cargo of (alt in fuch (hip Or veflej remaining* (hall be forfeited and loft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any fait, as well foreign as Englijh, (hall be laid on board any (hip or veflel, either to be tranfported to parts beyond the feas, or carried coaftwife, to be relanded in England, Wales*

or Berwick, the officer of the cuftpms of the port where the faid fait (hall be laden on board any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall in the eocquets made out and delivered for fuch (hip or veflel (which *	cocquet (hall be alfo figned by the officer in the faid port ap-

pointed by the commiflioners of excife for the duty op fait, and given without fee or delay) exprefs the particular quantity of Officers to ex- felt fo laden on board : and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall cocquet the come *nto anY Port> cree^ harbour or place in England, Wales* quantity	or Berwick, it (hall be lawful for the officers of the cuftoms, or

thereof, &c. other officers for the faid duties, to go on board any fuch (hip further provi- pr veflel, and demand a fight of fuch cocquet, and in cafe he or fiom relating they (hall have juft caufe to fufpedt that there is not fo much hereto* $ Geo. feft on board as the quantity exprefled in fuch cocquet, and (hall c,	make affidavit thereof before the collector or cuftomer of the

faid port, or person executing their or either of their offices, to weigh all the fait remaining on board ; and in cafe, upon fuch 1 weighing, there (hall appear not to be fo much fait on board as the quantity exprefled in fuch cocquet, making reafonable allowance for the wafte of the faid fait fince its exportation, and making alfo allowance (for fait going coaftwife) of fait delivered at another port, and indorfed in the fait permit, going with the Penalty. faid velfel, as delivered at fuch port, then and in fuch cafe the faid fait fo remaining on board (hall be forfeited and loft.

XIV. And for prevention offrauds frequently praclifed in curing fifh at fea with fait, which hath not, or fhall not have been entrei, nor the duties thereof paid, or fecured to be paid, according to the di-Tfflions of the former laws, or with fait exported from England or 1	\VaJes,

Digitized by Google

455

1701.]	Annoprimo	Ann.®, ft. 1. c. ai.

Wales, the duties whereof Jbdl have been repaid upon fuch exports tion, or debentures obtained, in order to the drawing back of the fame; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and No fifli, &c. after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven	j"1-

bundred and two, no fi(h, for which allowances are by law given j^t^asut upon exportation, (hall be imported, brought in, or landed cured with within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of fait for which "Berwick upon Tweed, unlefs the owner or proprietor of fuch fifh, duty1S or the matter of the veflel, (hall make oath before the officer back^lowcd* for the faid duties, in the port or place where fuch fi(h (hall be &c.	*

imported, brought in, or landed (who (hall adminitter the fame without fee or charge) That all the fait wherewith the faid fi(h was cured, was laden or put on board from fome port of Eng-land, AVaUs^ or Berwick, and that no drawback or allowance, or debenture for the fame, hath to his knowledge or belief been had or obtained, or is intended to be had or obtained, upon the exportation or carrying out of the faid fait, or any part thereof, upon pain of forfeiting fuch fifh that (hall be imported, brought in or landed, contrary to the intent or meaning hereof, and double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer or penalty, proprietor thereof.

XV.	And whereas the officers appointed by the commtffionefs of ex-cife to take care of the duties on imported fait, and to prevent frauds in the undue obtaining debentures for drawbacks, and allowances out if the faid duties, are not, by any of the laws relating to the faid duties, fufficiently imptrwered to go on board Jhips and veffiels for that purpofe, although the duties on fait are under the management of the

Jaid commiffioners and their officers; be it therefore ena&ed by the officcn for authority aforefaid, That from henceforth it (hall and may be the fait duties lawful to and for the officers appointed by the commiffioners of may go on excife for the faid duties on fait, from time to time, to go on a.11 board all (hips importing or exporting any fait or fi(h, and to^°r ,ng a * continue on board fuch (hips, to take an account of fuch fait penalty on and fifh, and fee the fame weighed, landed or exported; and if persons ob-any person or persons (hall obftruA or hinder any 6f the (aid ftru&ing. officers in performance of their duties aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, the person offending therein (hall forfeit the fum of twenty, pounds*

XVI.	And whereas her Majeftfs duties on fait are much leffened by the exportation of great quantities of fjh, in regard the exporters thereof after the fame are carried out of port, and allowances, or debentures for allowances out of the duties on fait, had or obtained on fuch exportation, do frequently bring back fuch fijh into ports and re-export the fame, and obtain a fecond or more allowances for the very fame fijh: for remedy thereof be it ena&ed by the authority a-forefaid, That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and two, it (hall and may be lawful for the officers for the faid duties on fait, in the feveral and refpe&ive ports of the kingdom of England, dominion of

Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon the exportation On exporta-of any codfifh, ling, or hal^e, and before the fame (hall be laid^uo/codftfh,

G g 4	onling*kc'

Digitized by v^-ooQie

Annoprimo Ann.®, ft. i. c.21.

[1701;

Officer may on board for exportation, to cut off part of the tail of every fuch

Oil part 01	Itnnr	r\r kolra WoCrtt-o tVia f«inr»o /V*oil Ka (n a«nnr*A^ f/\

the tail. See,

codfifh, ling, or hake, before the fame (hall be fo exported, to the intent it may be known that fuch codfilh, ling, or hake hath been fo exported, and allowances obtained on.exportation thereof, in cafe the fame (hall be relanded or re-imported ; and alfo, that it (hall be lawful upon the exportation of any pilchards, fcads, white herrings, red herrings, Xalmon, or dried red fprats, and before the fame (hall be laid on board for exportation, to mark any calk, barrel, or other veffel, wherein any fuch pilchards, fcads, white herrings, red herrings, falmon, or dried red fprats, (hall be exported, to the intent it may be known that fuch pilchards, fcads, white herrings,, red herrings, (almoti, or dried red fprats, have been exported, and allowances obtained on exportation of the fame, in cafe the fame, or any of them, {hall be relanded or re-imported.

XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That ir> cafe any codfifli, ling, or hake, or any pilchards, fcads, white herrings, red herrings, falmon, or dried red fprats, (hall, after the fame (hall be exported, be fraudulently relanded in England, or Wales, the town, of Berwick upon Tweed, or reimported, all the faid fi(h, fo relanded or re-imported, (hall be forfeited. See. forfeited and loft, and double the value thereof, to be recovered pf the importer or proprietor thereof.

XVItl. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

.............  That	no	fait	maker,	or dealer in fait, (hall a6fc as a juftice of the

peace, in cafes peace, in any matter or thing relating to the duties on fait, or relating to the any offence committed againft the laws relating to the feme; duties on felt, ancj jn cafe there (hall not be a fufficient number of juftices of the peace in any corporation (that are not makers or dealers in fait) fufficient to hear and determine the offences relating to the faid duties, then, and in fuch cafe, the juftices of the peace of the county next adjoining, to fuch corporation (hall have hereby power and authority, from time to time, to hear and determine all offences, matters, and things, relating to the faid duties on fait, in the fame manner as if they were juftices of the peace for fuch corporation refpedtively; any law, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral penalties and forfeitures, hereby given and im-pof$d, (hall be recovered and levied by the fame ways, means, and methods, as any penalties and forfeitures can or may be recovered and levied by any of the laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjter, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance : and that the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be diltri-buted in manner following (viz,) one moiety thereof to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him pr them that will fue or inform for the fame.

XX.	And whereas the allowances given by the feveral alts relating fo the duties on fait, upon the exportation of codfiJh> ling, and bake,

themj

at)d mark calks of pilchards, leads, &c.

Codfifti, Sec. exported and fraudulently relandecj,

Salt maker not to a& as juiticeof

See.

Penalties and

(Forfeitures how to be re-cayered.

and diftribut-

?4-

Digitized by Google

*701.] Annoprimo Ann.®, ft. i. c.at.	k 457

therein mentioned, do much exceed the duty of the fait ufually imployed in the curing the fame> fo that many persons, for the fake of the faid allowances only, do export fuch fijh not duly cured, and fijh of very fmall Jize9 not having a due quantity of fait made ufe of in curing the fame, which is not only a prejudice to her Maiefty in her faid duties on fait, hut alfo a great dijparagement to the trade of Englifh fijh in foreign markets; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in lieu of the feveral allowances given Allowances on out of the faid duties on fait, by the ads relating, to the fame, exportation of upon the exportation of any codfifh, ling, or hake, there (hall	ling,

be allowed and paid the feveral and refpedive fums herein after mentioned, for the feveral and refpedive forts of codfifh, ling, or hake, herein after mentioned, which (hall be exported from any port or place in England, Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June-, that is to fay,

XXI.	For every hundred of codfifh, ling, and hake (other For codfifh,

than and except dried cod, ling, or hake, commonly called ^c- ** inc*“* Haberdines) which (hall contain in length four and twenty inches hundred^-and upwards, from the bone in the fin to the third joint in the	*

tail of fuch fifh, the fum of fifty (hillings, and fo in proportion

for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXII.	For every hundred of codfifh, ling, or hake (other of 18 inches, than and except dried cod, ling, or hake, commonly called \ss'fer hun~ Haberdines) which (hall be of the length of eighteen inches, red*

or more, and under the (ize of four and twenty inches, from the bone of the fin to the third joint in the tail of fuch fifh, the Aim of five and twenty (hillings, artd fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXIII.	For every hundred of dried codfifh, ling, or hake, For haber-commonly called Haberdines, o;»e moiety of the allowance given din.es on? by this ad for o^her codfifh, ling, and hake, of the fame dimen- moiety’&c# lions; upon debentures, to be prepared according to the directions of the feveral ads relating to the faid duties, and doing

and performing fuch other matters and things, as by rhe faid former ads, and this prefent ad, are required and prefcribed, in order to the obtaining fuch allowances.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded In cafe fait

by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the faid duties dl?ties cea*e» upon fait (hall ceafe, determine or be redeemed by parliament, be^effeiied ** then, and in any of the faid cafes, the faid allowances upon ex- &c.	*

portation of codfifh, ling, or hake, hereby fettled, (hall be

leflened in proportion to the duties on fait that (hall fa.ceafc, determine or be redeemed.

XXV.	And it is hereby declared and enaded. That no allow- No allowance

ance (hall he paid out of the faid duties on fait, for or on account *0 be made *or of the exportation of any fifh, that are or (hall not be well cured, cur^^noi* or fhall be unmerchantable, nor for any conger.	for conger.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Queen may That it (hall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty (if (he appoint parti-pleafes) from time to time to conftitute and appoint particular ^ers^rfalt.

Corn-

Digitized by

Google

458.	Anno primo Annjb. ft. i. c.21.	[1701,

CQmmiffioners, feparate and apart from the commiffioners and governors of the receipt of excife, for the receipt, management, and government of the laid duties on fait, during her Majesty’i pleafure -9 and upon her Majesty’s conftituting and appointing fuch particular commiffioners for the faid duties on fait, and during fuch time only as her Majesty (hall from time to time think fit to continue the fame under the receipt and management of fuch particular commiffioners, all and every the powers and authorities given by this aCt, and by the feveral aCts relating to the faid duties on fait, or any of them, to the commiffioners and governors of the receipt of excife, and the collectors and other officers for the faid duties under them, (hall be and are hereby veiled and transferred to fuch particular commiffioners as her Majesty (hall fo from time to time conftitute and appoint, for the receipt, government, and management of the faid duties on fait; and the collectors and officers to be, from time to time, appointed by fuch particular commiffioners, or the major part of them refpeCtively, and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by the faid aCts, relating to the faid duties upon fait, are directed to be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution by the faid commiffioners and governors of the receipt of excife, and their officers under them refpeCtively, with relation to the faid duties on fait, or any penalties, forfeitures, frauds, or offences againft the faid aCt9, or any of them, relating to the fame, (hall, during fuch time as her Majesty fhall pleafe to continue the faid duties on fait under the receipt and management of fuch particular commiffioners, be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution by fuch particular commiffioners, and the officers under them refpeCtively for the time being.

Officers to XXVII. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the an-take fecurity thority aforefaid. That where any fait or rock fait (hall be tpbe^xported. entrec* according to the former laws relating to the faid duties * on fait, and the fame fhall be intended to be exported to parts beyond the feas, then, and in fuch cafe the officers for the laid duties on fait fhall be and are hereby authorized and impowered to take fufficient fecurity from the merchant or merchants that intend to export fuch fait or rock fait, for the due payment of the duties thereof, without infilling, that the original proprietor of fuch fait or rock fait be bound in fuch fecurity.

9	8c 10 W. 3. XXVIII. And whereas notwithfanding the aft of parliament c*6m	for obliging all persons to fell fait by weighty the fame is not obferv-

edy by reafon the persons that buy the fame refufe to buy the fame of the proprietors otherwife than by meafurey to the great prejudice of the faid proprietors: for remedy whereof be it enaCted by the No person to authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid four and buy fait but by twentieth day of June, no person fhall buy any fait otherwife p^Sh** than by weight, and not by meafure, under the penalty of ten na jr' ^hillings for every bufhel of fait which fhall be bought contrary to the lruc meaning hereof* and fo in proportion for a greater

or

1

Digitized by

Google

459

1701.3	Anno	primo Ann#, ft, j. c. z\.

or lefler quantity, to be paid by the person or persons fo buying the fame, to be recovered and diftributed, as any the penalties by this ad inflicted are hereby directed to be recovered and diftributetC

XXIX.	And whereas the fait proprietors having a liberty to pay the duty in ready money, or give fecurity to pay the fame, in nine months for the rocky and in fix months for other fait, tends only to the benefit of the richer fort of proprietors, but is dejlruftive to the fait trade in general, through the difficulties attending fuch as have not ready money, thereby caufing feveral bonds to be Jued* when by a due encouragement to fuch* as well as other proprietors* it might in a great meafure be prevented* and the duty fiooner paid; be it there- persons pajr-fore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person *nS duty *n *f and perfon$ who (hall give fuch fecurity, as aforefaid, (hall have ^ty Sven liberty, at any time within twenty eight days after giving the to have a dif. fame, to pay the duty thereby fecured, and on payment thereof count, &c. fhall have and receive a difcount after the rate of ten pounds

per centum per annum* for the remainder of the time for which fuch fecurity (hall be given.

XXX.	And whereas feveral fijhermen who ufed the north fea fijhery, did* in the year one thoujand feven hundred, /hip feveral quantities of fait at North and South Shields near NewcaftJe upon Tine, giving bonds^ for the duties thereof and then exported the faid fait to the north feat* where they fpent it in curing and faking af/jb caught in tbofe feas, believing that upon affidavit of /hipping off the faid fait* and tts not being relanded in Englander Wales, they might be intitled to a drawback of the duties which form ether fijhermen in the like cafe had obtained, as if fuch fait had been actually exported to parts beyond the feas 5 and upon bringing home their faid fi/h, fold the fame to feveral retailers at home markets* at a low price accordingly: now* forafinuch as fuch fijhermen might be ignorant that they were liable to pay the faid duties, notwithjlanding fuch fait was fpent in curing of fi/by and they not being enabled by thi price thereof to pay the fame, a profecution upon fuch their bonds would ruin them and their families: for prevention whereof, upon due proof to be made before the commiflioners for the excife or fait duties, that fuch fait fo (hipped off was by them fpent in curing and falting of fi(h caught in the north feas, that the faid fi(h was afterwards fold to retailers at home markets, at a low price, and that no drawback or allowance has been already made or paid by the faid commiflioners for the excife or fait duties;

be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch bonds as Bonds given, were fo given at North and South Shields near Newcafihy for the by fifhermen duties of fuch fait fo expended, as aforefaid, and for which no who ufed th* drawback or allowance has already been made upon exportation thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made and declared I70o?'$cc!* void, and of none effed: and the commiflioners for the excife made void, or fait duties for the time being are hereby impowered and Commiflioners* direded to cancel or deliver up the fame to the refpedive persons *° cancclth* therein concerned, who (hall defire fuch bonds, or any of them; fe^tions and that all profecutions at law upon the (aid bonds do ceafe ceafe.

*qd determine.

XXXL And

Digitized by Google

Pilchards..

4 W. 3. c. 7*

liW. 3. c. 3.

1* & 13 W. 3 c. 11.

SW.3. c. 24.

Anno primo Ann,®. ft. i. C.21.	[1701.’

XXXI.	And whereas divers frauds have tyen committed in curing and packing of pilchards, by which means a great difrepute is brought

on the faid commodity beyond the feas, which tends as well to the great \ dijhonour of the Engliih nation, as to the dejlruftion of their trade :	I

For remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June, no person or persons do prefume to cure or pack pilchards for fale, unlefs he or they be owner or owners, or part owners of fome fevn or feyns, or of drift-net or drift-nets, or have the confent of fuch owners in writing, and that on each calk or hogfhead ] of pilchards, the word feyn or drift (according to the manner of their being taken) (hall be burnt with an iron in fome vifible part thereof, together with the name and fumame of the own-er or owners of the fame, as alfo the number of pilchards contained in each cafk or hoglhead, under the penalty of the forfeiture of double the value of the faid fifh for every fuch offence, , to be recovered and difpofed as other penalties by this a<ft are to be recovered and difpofed.

XXXII.	And whereas by an aft made in the Jixth year of the reign of his late Majejly King William the Third, feveral addition-al duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate and fpices were granted to his faid, late Majejly, from the firjl day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, to the fecond day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight; and it was thereby enabled. That two thirds of the faid duties

*	of fuch of the faid goods as fhould be exported within the times by the faid aft limited, should be repaid to the exporter thereof; which faid I duties were afterwards continued to the firjl of May, one thoufand feven hundred and one, and afterwards further continued to the firjl of May, one thoufandfeven hundred and fix: $nd whereas by another aft made in the eleventh year of his faid late Majejly* s reign, an additional duty of fifteen per centum was granted to his faid late Majejly, upon all wrought filks, bengals and fluffs, made or mixed with filk or herba, of the manufafture of Perfia, China, or the Eaft Indies, and upon all callicoes painted, dyed, printed or Jlained there, as alfo upon all mujlins, from the five and twentieth of March, one thoufand feven hundred, to the thirtieth of September, one thoufand feven hundred and one; and it was thereby further enabled. That the faid duty upon fuch of the faid goods, as should be exported within twelve months after the importation thereof, should be repaid, or that the fecurity given for the fame should be vacated; which faid duty of fifteen per centum on mufins is by another aft continued to the thirteenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fix : and whereas alfo by another aft made in {he eighth year of his faid late

*	Majejly*s reign, there was granted to his faid late Majejly an additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties therein mentioned, upon certain goods and merchandizes, from the firjl of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, to the firjl day of February, one thoufandfix hundred ninety nineand by the faid aft it is further enabled. That the faid fubfidy, and other duties upon fuch of the faid goods, as should be again exported within the time limited by the faid aft, Jhall b? repaid to the exporter thereof \ which faid fubfidy and

other ]

Digitized by

Google

461

1701.] Anno primo Annje. ft. 1, c< 22*

other duties were afterwards continued, during his faid late Majejifs life,	are by an aft of this prefent parliament granted to her pre~

feat Majefey, during her Majesty's life (which God long preferve). 1 Ann*, flat i# And whereas feveral of the faid commodities were imported, and the c*7* duties thereof paid upon fuch of the faid afts as are expired\ and the fame commodities have been fence exported, and the exporters thereof are become intit led to a drawback of the faid duties, or feme part thereof according to the provifeons made in the faid refpeftive afts for that purpofe: but in regard the faid duties have been paid into the Exchequer , and from thence ijfued to the purpofes for which they were by the faid refpeftive afts appropriated, there doth not remain fufficient of the faid duties for the payment of the faid drawbacks; ana there being no exprefs provifion made in the feveral afts, whereby the faid duties are refpeftively continued, forty doubt hath arifen, whether the duties which have or Jball accrue fence the continuation of the fame, Jhall be liable to the payment of the faid drawbacks of the faid duties upon the faid expired afts; and thereby the faid exporters are kept out of their money9 and the trade in the faid commodities very much difcouraged: for remedy whereof be it enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the debentures for the faid drawbacks of the Debentures duties which were paid upon the faid ads expired as aforefaid, backs^ueTon ftiall be fatisfied out of the monies arifing by the faid refpeftive the aforefaid ads now in force for the duties continued as aforefaid ; that is expired ads, to fay. The debentures which Ihould have been paid out of the bc faid additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate and fpices, der m0n?«°arffiiur termined as aforefaid, (hall be paid out of the faid prefent du- by the afore-ties continued as aforefaid upon the fame commodities : and the faid aft» conti-faid debentures which ought to have been fatisfied out of the nucd* faid expired duties of fifteen per centum (hall be paid out of the faid prefent duty of fifteen per centum upon muflins; and fuch of the faid debentures as ought to have been fatisfied out of the faid additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage expired as a-forefaid, (hall be paid out of the faid prefent duty of tunnage and poundage now payable to her prefent Majesty.

CAP. XXII.

An act to  declare the alterations in the oath appointed to be taken by the aft> intituled, An act for the further fecuri-ty of his Majesty’s person, and the fuccefiion of the crown in the protcftant line, and for extinguifliing^ the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and alf other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors, and for declaring the ajfociation to be determined.

WHEREAS by the demife of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the acceffton of her prefent Majcfey Queers Anne, to the imperial crozvn and dignity of thefe realms, the form of an oath contained in an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty y intituled, An ad for the futher fecurity of w ^ his Majesty’s person, and the fuccefiion of the crown in the pro- 13	"

teftant line, and for the extinguiftiing the hopes of the pretended

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Anno primo ANNA. ft. i. c.22.	[1701.

cd prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors, is novo become neceffary to be altered; be it therefore declared and enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-aftnWjto tua* an<* tefnPora*> an^ commons, in this prefent parliament bcadminiftred aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and as here fet after the twentieth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred odown, viz. and two, the oath in the faid recited aft mentioned, be admi-niftred in fuch manner and form as is herein after fet down and prefcribed (that is to fay)

I A. B. do truly andftncerely acknowledge, profefs, teftify and declare, in my confcience before God and the world, That our fove-reign lady Queen Anne, is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto be-longing. And I do foUmnly andfincerely declare. That Ido believe in

S confidence, that the person pretended to be prince of Wales, du-g the life of the late King James, andJince his deceafe pretending to be and taking upon himfelf the Jlile and title of King of England, Altered by by the name of James the Third, hath not any right or title what-5 Ann*, c. s. fever to the erown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereto i^^Ann.c*! belonging: and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure any allegiance or U20.andc.21. obedience to him. And 1 do fwear, That 1 will bear faith and true allegiance to her Majesty Queen Anne, and her will defend to the ui-moft of my power, againfi all traiterous confpiracies and attempts whatfoever, which fhall be made againfi her person, crown, or dignity. And I will do my beft endeavour to dtfclofe and make known to her Majesty and her fucceffors all treafons and traiterous confpiracies which I fhall know to be againfi her or any of them. And Ido faithfully promife, to the utmqft of my powet, to fupport, maintain, and defend the limitation and fucceffion of thl crown, againfi him the faid James, and all other persons whatfoever, as the fame is and ftands 1 W. & M.	United (by an all intituled. An aft declaring the rights and liber-

ff. 2. c. 2.	ties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fucceffion of the crown) to

her prefent Alajefty and the heirs of her body, being proteftants ; and it 8c i W	fame	^ one otber fifty intituled. An act for the further limi-

** *’3* tation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is and ftands limited after the deceafe of her Majesty, and for default of ifftce of her Majesty, to the princefs Sophia, eleftorefs and dut chefs dowager 0/* Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being proteftants. And all thefe things I do plainly and fincerely acknowledge and fwear, according to thefe exprefs words by me Jpoken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and underftanding of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evafion, or fe-tret refervation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, renunciation, andpromife, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a chriftian.

So help me God.

Oath to be II. And that all and every person and persons, who are en-taken in the j0;ncd or required to administer* take or fubfcribe the oath in

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

I7°irj Anno prirao Ann^. ft. i. c. 22.

the faid recited aft mentioned, (hall adminifter, take and fub- form prescribe the fame, according to the form herein fet down and pre- bribed. Scribed; any thing in the (aid recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas by an aft made in thefeventh year of the reign of 7 W. j. c. *7, ids faid late Majejly King William the Third, intituled, An act for the better fecurity of his Majesty’s royal person and government, it is recitedy Thatfor the better prefervation of his faid Majeftfs royal person and government, great members of his Majejly's good Jubjefts had erttred into and fubferibed an qffbeiation in the words contained in the faid afty winch affectation is by the fame aft required^ to be fubferibed in fuch manner and by fuch officers andperfons* and under fuch forfeitures, pe~ maltieSy incapacities, and difabilities* for the negkftorrefufal to fubferibe the fame, as in the faid aft is mentmedand contained: and whereas fince the death of the late King James, and by the demife of his faid late Majefiy King William the Third, the Jubfcribing the faid ajfociation is not neteffary to be any longer continued, Juch part thereof as relates to the fupport and defence of the fuccejfum to the crown therein men-*t toned* being more fully provided for by the faid recited.oath: be it AfTociation enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much made void, of the faid recited aft of the feventh year of his faid late Maje-fty King William the Third, as relates to the faid affociation therein contained, or the requiring any officers or other persons in the faid aft mentioned, to fubferibe the fame, or for theen-afting any forfeitures, penalties, incapacities, or difabilities, upon any person for the negleft or refufal to fubferibe the fame, or that requires any court or courts to tender the faid affociation, or to regifter the fubfeription thereof, and all and every the claufe or claufes in the faid aft, or any other fubfequent aft or afts contained, relating to the faid affociation, be and are hereby declared to be void and of no effeft, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared, That peers and fuch members of the houfe*of peers, and alfo fuch members of members who the houfe of commons, who have taken and fubferibed the oath h*ve taken in the faid first recited aft contained, according to the form a- obliged to0t greed upon in each houfe refpeftively, (hall not be obliged again take the fame to take or fubferibe the oath according to the form declared by again, during this aft, during the continuance of this prefent parliament, for parlia-or in refpeft or their being members pf either houfe refpeftive- ment* ly, nor in refpeft of any commiflion, office or place of truft, fee, (alary or wages, which fuch member did hold and enjoy at the time of the taking and fuhfcribing the faid oath.

* V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person or persons, who in her Majesty high court of Chancery* or in her court commonly called the King's Benchy or the quarter feflions, may or are, or (hall be obliged to take the oaths mentioned in an aft of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary*	fll

intituled. An act for abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and allegi- *'c* ' ance* and appointing other oaths* and to make and fubferibe the declaration mentioned in an aft of parliament made in the five and

twentieth

Digiti;. by L^ooQle

464	Anno	primo	Ann®, ft. i. c. 22.?	[*701^

twentieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, *5 Car. 2. c. intituled. An act for preventing dangers which may happen from po-* pifh recufants, may for ever hereafter, at their eledions, take the faidoaths, and makeand fubfcribe the faid declaration, and deliver the certificates of receiving the facrament of the Lord’s Supper, and make proof of the truth thereof, which (hall be enquired of and put upon record, according to the faid laft mentioned persons may a<^’ *n ^er Majesty’s court of Common Pleas, or in her court of take the oaths Exchequer at Wejlminjler, in fuch manner, and at fuch times, as in the Com- by the faid ads, or either of them, they are obliged ; or may take mon1 Pleas or the faid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration, and courts^ &c. deliver prove fuch certificates, to be enquired of, and put 1	*	upon record in the faid court of Chancery, or court of King's

which (hall be ^enc^» anc* taking the oaths, making and fubfcribing the as effettiud as declaration, and delivering of fuch certificates, proving the if taken in the truth thereof, inquiring of, and putting upon record, in the courts of faid court of Common Pleas, and court of Exchequer, (hall be as Chancery or effe&ual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been ^ings	made	and	delivered, inquired of, proved, and put upon

record in the faid court of Chancery, or in the faid court of King's Bench; and the juftices of the faid court of Common Pleas, and barons of the faid court of Exchequer, are hereby authorized and required refpedively to adminifter the faid oaths, and do all other things as the courts of Chancery and King's Bench were by the faid ftatutes, or either of them, authorized and required to do, or may do by virtue thereof.

Names of per- ^1. And lt ls hereby further enaded by the authority afore-fonstakingthe faid, That the names of all persons and officers aforefaid, that oaths to be in- do or (hall take the oaths aforefaid, in the court of Common rolled. See. Pleas or court of Exchequer, (hall be inrolled in the faid courts where the fame (hall be taken refpedively, with the day and time of their taking the fame, in rolls made and kept only for that intent and purpofe, and for no other; the which rolls, as for the court of Common Pleas, (hall be publickly hung up in the office of the chief prothonotary of the faid court; and the roll for the Exchequer, in the office of the Queen’s remembrancer of the faid court, and there remain during the whole term, every term, for every one to refort to, and to look upon, without fee and not to pay or re ward ; and likewife none of the persons aforefaid (hall give takirf Ybe ^ or Pay ahy ^ee or rewar<*t0 any officer or officers belonging to fame.5 either of the faid courts of Common Pleas or Exchequer, above the fum of twelve pence, for his or their entry of his or their taking of the faid oaths.

In wbat time VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefcid, and where That all and every the person and persons, who by this a6t, or t^eThe^affi ^ f°rrner	made.this prefent parliament, are to take and

€ c oa * fubfcribe the oath therein or herein appointed to be taken, within three months after he or they (hall be admitted into or enter upon any preferments, benefices, offices, or places, or come into any capacity, or take upon him or them any fuch pra&ice, imployment, or bufinefs, in the faid former ad mentioned, may 6	ia<

•1701.] Anno primo ANNiE. ft. i. 0.23*26.	465

in the next term, or at the next quarter feflions of the county* city, or place where he or they (hall refide, after he or they fhall be admitted into, or enter upon any fuch preferment, benefice, office, or place, or come into any fuch capacity, or take upon him or them fuch practice, imployment; or bunnefs as a-forefaid (though it be after the expiration of the faid three months) take and fubferibe the faid oath in any of the faid four courts of IVeftminffer, or quarter feflions, which (hall be as good and effe&ual to all intents and purpofes, as if taken and fubferibed within the faid three months: but nevertheless, every Penalties on foch person that (hall negleft to take and fubferibe the faid oatn or In the next term, or next quarter feflions as aforefaid, (hall in-cur and be liable unto all the penalties, forfeitures, and difabi-lities, for refufing or negle&ine; to take and fubferibe the faid oath, at fuch time as in the faid former a^t is mentioned, and likewHe unto all the other penalties fpr executing fuch office or employment, if he (hall execute the fame after fuch negleft or refufal to take and fubferibe the faid oath, as is therein mentioned.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for railing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred EXP. and two, notwithftanding the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the continuing the prefent fheriffs in England and Wales, ® ^ until the first day of Hilary term next, unlefs her Majesty (hall think fit to determine them fooner.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the relief of poor pri fonera for debt.	EXP,	,

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the relief of the mafters of hoys and other veffels carrying corn and other inland provifions within the port of London.

WHEREAS great quantities of Englifh com, grain, meal* and other goods, which may lawfully be exported, and for which no duties are payable to her Majejly upon exportation thereof* are daily brought in hoys and other veffels to the city of London, from the counties of Kent and Eflex : and whereas the majlers of fuch boys and veffels, imployed in the carriage of fuch goods, have of late been put to unreafonable and unneceffary charges and trouble, by certain officers of her Majejly's cuftoms, who for their own profs and lucre have required and exatted great fees for tranfires and cocauets, to the great difeouragement of the country farmers, and oppremon of the faid hoymen: for remedy whereof be it therefore enaaed by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advica and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the No cocquet* . fame, That from and after the tenth day of May in the year of See- to be re- -our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and two, no cocquet or quired of ma-Vol. X.	Hh	cocquets^r	^

46S

Anno primo Ann m:ft. r. Ci 16:

[1701,

but may be conveyed by tranfires, See

Fee for tranfires.

cocquets, or bonds thereon, (hall be required by any officer of the cuftoms, or others, of or from any fuch matter or owner of fuch hoys or veffels, carrying or conveying fuch goods as a* forefaid, to or from any place within the port of London \ tha$ is to fay, from London Bridge unto the fuppofed right line from the promontory or point called the North Foreland^ in th$ County of Kent, unto the promontory or point called the Naes^ including fo much of the ports of Sandwich and ipfwich, and the members thereof, as are within the faid limits, for ormrefpe&of any fuch com, grain, meal, and fuch other goods as are before described, the fame (hall or may be conveyed as aforefaid, by tranfires or let-pafs only, for which tranfire there fhall be pa& to the refpe&ive officers, who by law are intitled to fees of bonds, and cocquets, and certificates, and entries thereupon, the fum of three (hillings and five pence, and no more; which fiim fhall be refpedtively diftributed amongft them, in fuch manner and proportion, as where bonds and coCquets are taken fpr goods carried coaftwife, ought and ufed to be paid ; any cuftom, law orufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And whereas it often happens, that ftnall quantities and parcels of corn and hops are brought as aforefaid to the city 0/* London, and the fees exacted by the officers aforefaid have exceeded the charge of the

Fee for corn, freight thereof; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, toCLondUght ^at from and after the faid tenth day of May, the nun of one o n on. (hilling and eight pence halfpenny, and no more, fhall be ref-pedtively diftributed to and amongft the officers aforefaid, when .	the quantity of fuch corn or grain as aforefaid exceeds not fifty

quarters, or when the quantity of hbps exceeds not fifty bags in any one fuch hoy or veflel as aforefaid.

III.	And whereas upon the carrying of goods from port to port, bonds are given for returning certificates of the landing or difeharging of the goods in the ports to which they are carried, and when fuch

,	bonds are tranfmtted into the Exchequer, the certificates relating there-

unto have been ufually annexed to fuch bonds, but by fraud or care-lefnefs the certificates are fometimes disjoined from the refpeftive bonds* whereby persons who have duly complied with the conditions thereof \ have been put to unjufi vexation and charge: for prevention whefe-Certificatesonbf for the future it is hereby enadted, That the proper officers bonds tranf- for tranfmitting the faid bonds into the Exchequer (hail truly and mitted into the faithfully endorfe, on the backfide of every fuch bond, the fob-, ^indorfcd on ^ance	certificate,	if there be any relating thereto, and

the back of the fign foch indorsement, to ferve as an intimation to the court of bond, &c.	Exchequer, concerning the performance or non-performance of

Penalty.	conditions of fuch bonds refpedrively, under the penalty of

forfeiting treble damages, befides cofts of fuit, to be recovered by the party grieved againft the officer who fhafl offend therein, by adtion of debt or the cafe, or by bill, fuit, or information, in any court of record, wherein no eflbin, protedtion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed,	*

IV.	PrO-

Digitized by booQle

i 701Ariiio prkho AnnjeJ ft. 1. C. 27-30*	467

fV# Provided, and it is herft>y enadted,* That thi9 aft, 6tAft not t0 any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to the leflening or	any

taking away the tolls or duties due and payable to the mayor, able to	city

and commonalty, and citizens of the city of Lett don, or to the of London.

, mayor of the faid city for the time being ; any thing herein to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Saying always, The ufual and known fight, liberty, and Right of the privilege to the ports of Sandwiched Ipfwich^ and either °f^h and^f them* and the known members thereof, and of the cuftomers, fayed.11" comptrollers, fearchers, and their deputies, of and within the faid ports of Sandwich and Ipfwich% and the feveral creeks, har-•bours, and havens to them, or either of them, refpeftivcly be-* longing within the counties of Kent and EJfex? in all matters and things whatfoever, other than in fuch matters and things as are fpecially provided for or direfted by this prefent aft*

cap. xxvn.

An act for the importation of fine Italian thrown f»Ik.	EXP.

Perfons may import, &c. fine thrown Italian filk, during the war. No filk 2 W. Sc M. £ to be imported coarfer than third Bolognia, &c. All filk imported (hall x*	-

be brought to the cultom hpufe, &c. Importers on entry to make oath, I*^ar,a#c* the faid filk was bought in Italy, &c. Bj 7 Anns, c. 8. C. 10. this oath is to be made before the colleger, &c.

CAP. XXVIII.

f An act for importing into England thrown filk of the growth of .Srdly, EXP.

fronL the port of Leghorn in Italy.	zW. &M. ff.

Thrown filk of the growth of Sicily may be imported from Leghorn for *• c* 9*

two yearsI

CAP. XXIX.	EXP.

An act for the continuing the imprifonment of	Counter,	ai)d	10W. 3. c. 13*

others, for the horrid confpiracy to aflaflinate the person of his late filtered Majesty King William me Third.

CAP. XXX.

An act to  oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their \	protejlant children.

TO the end that fuflicient maintenance be provided and allowed for the children of jewi(h parents, who (hall turn proteftants ; be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majer ‘ fty, by and with the advice and confpnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after Jewish parent the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufond feven hundred t^t'^nt^cir and two, if any jewifh parent, in order to the compelling of chUdrenfit-his or her proteftant child to change his or her religion, (hall ting mainte* refufe to allow fuch child a fitting maintenance, fuitable to the nance, degree and ability of fuch parent, and to the age and education of fuch child, then (upon complaint thereof made to the lord high chancellor of England, or lord keeper of the great feal, or commiffioners for the great feal for the time being) it lhall and may be lawful for-the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or eommiflioners, to make fuch order therein* for. the »-	H h 2	main-

Digitized by Google

468	Anno	primo	Ann.®.	ft.	1.	c.	31J	£1701.

maintenance of fuch proteftant child, as he or they (hall think fit.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft far making more effectual the provifton out of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, for the building of cbttrcbeSj and augmenting of fmall vicarages inIreland.

xi 8c 12 W. 3. TX/HEREAS by an aft lately made, intituled, An act for c. ».	VV ; granting an aid to his Majesty, by fale of the forfeited

and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England,, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, it is enafted y That the trujlees therein named, or . any feven or more of themr should and mighty and they are thereby required, after fuch a time,

< and in fuch a manner as is therein mentionedto convey all and every the reftories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventiomy glebes^ advowfohs of vicarages, and other things thereunto fever ally and refpeftively belonging or appertaining, forfeited by reafon of the rebellion therein mentioned, and therein before vefled in the faid trujlees, to fuch person orperfons, and their heirs, as the bijbop of each rejpeftive diocefe^ wherein fuch reftories impropriate refpeftive-ly, areJball nominatey in truft for the rebuilding or repairing parijb churches, and for the perpetual augmentation of fmall reftories or vicarages in the kingdom of Ireland, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and whereas feveral fuch reftories impropriate, tithes^ oblations obventionSy glebes^ advowfons of. vicarages, and other things thereunto feveraily and rejpeftively belonging or appertaining, have been jointly charged or incumbred, or liable to the payment of fome debts, charges,	incumbrances^ together with mother lands,	tenements, or

, hereditaments,	the faid aft vefled in the faid truftees : wherefore

for the making the before mentioned truft more effeftual and beneficial for the pious ends and purpofes aforefeid, may it pleafe your molt excellent Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Whfere any thority of the fame. That where any fuch reftories impropriate, reftories im- tithes, advowfons, or other things, fo vefted in the faid truftees, ^ted bte,thef*anc* ^*re<^e(*to conveyed in truft, as aforefaid, are charged Jaterebellion Wlth> or liable unto any debts, charges, or incumbrances joint-are charged * ly with any other lands, tenements, or" hereditaments, by the with incum- faid aft vefted in the faid truftees, fuch other lands, tenements, brances joint- or hereditaments, in the first p)ace be liable to, and (hall anfwef tend* &c.Cr anc* feisty fuch debts, charges, and incumbrances j and the fuch lands first faid truftees, or any feven of them, are hereby authorized and liable to an- required, to make fale of fuch other lands, tenements, or he- , fiver the debts, reditaments, or of a competent part thereof, for or towards the paying off, clearing, and djfcharging fiich debts, charges, and incumbrances : and as foon as conveniently may be, from and after fuch fale, and the clearing and difeharging fuch debts and incumbrances, fuch reftories impropriate, tithes, advowfons, and other things, fo vefted in the.faid truftees, and direfted to

be

Digitized by

Gc e

l^di.] AMO prirrio ANN.®. ft. i. c. 32;	469

be conveyed in truft, sfe aforefaid, as are, together with fiich Other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, jointly charged or mcumbred, (hall be conveyed, and the faid truftees, or any feven of them, are hereby authorized and required to convey the fame, to fuch person and persons, and in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, intents, and purpofes, as in the faid recited adtjs directed and appointed, freed and difcharged of and from all fuch debts, charges, and incumbrances, be the fame by matter of record, mortgage, or otherwife.

CAP. XXXII. jin aft for the relief of the proteftant pur chafers of the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

WHEREAS by one aft made in a parliament holden at Weft- 11 & l% tninfter, in the eleventh year of the reign of our late fove- c’ %t reign lord King William the Third, intituled, An a& for granting unto his Majesty an aid by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and intercfts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, it is provided. That the fum of one and twenty thoufandpounds, therein mentioned, Jbould be paid to and amongft the feveral persons, who were pur chafers of any eftate of inheritance, of any of the forfeited lands or ejlates in Ireland, under the grantees thereof, who Jbould prove the aftual payment of their pur chafe-money, before the trujiees mentioned in the faid aft for fale of the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, on or before the tenth day of Au-guft, one thoufand feven hundred, to be divided amongfl fuch pur chafers, in proportion to the fums by them refpeftively patafor their feveral purchafes: and whereas in purfuame of the faid aft, feveral per-fens did, before the faid truftees, prove She aftual payment of the fum of fifty nine thoufand five hundred and two pounds, for the purchafes of the feveral eftates of inheritances to the feveral grantees thereof (tdhicbfaid fum of one and twenty thoufand pounds, part of the faid pur chafe-money, was by the faid aft charged on the lands fo punhofed refpeftively) accordingto the dire ft ions of thefaid aft : and whereas no conftderdble part, if any, of the faid fum of one and twenty thou-find pounds, hath been as yet paid to the faid purthafers: and whereas it may very much conduce to the ftrengthning and prefervation of the proteftant intereft in Ireland, to continue the faid fur chafers in the pojfeffton of the refpeftive lands by^ them refpeftively pur chafed, and that feme further relief may be given the faid purchafers ; may it pleale your Majesty (at the moft humble fuit of the faid pur-chafers) thatMt may be ena&ed, and be it enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cdnfent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all arid every of the faid persons, who purchafed eftates to persons who them and their heirs for ever, under the grantees, of any for- pUrchafed felted lands in Ireland, (and to whom the faid fum of one and eftates under twenty thoufand pounds was adjudged by the faid truftees, pur- the grantees, fuant to the (aid a6t, to be allowed) and their refpe&ive heirs ^'J*13}-1 enc~ and affigns, (hall be permitted to have, hold and enjoy the fe-,oy ie ame’

Hhj	veral

47Q	Anno	prime	Anna ft. x. C. 3*.	[1701,

reral manors, caftles, towns, lands, tenements and heredita* merits whatfoever refpedively, conveyed ti> them by the feveral and refpedive grantees thereof, mentioned in the reveral deeds of pur chafe by them refpedively produced and proved before the (aid truftees, before the faid tenth day of Auguji^ one thou-fand feven hundred, and showed by the md truftees, according to the true intent and meaning of their feveral and refpedive conveyances or deeds of purchafe thereof; the faid purchafers, their heirs and afligns, paying unto the faid truftees, or any Paying 13 feven or more them, in the manner and for the ufes exprefled years pm chafe in the faid first recited ad, thirteen years purchafe for the pre-for an eftate mifles, to them refpedively to be conveyed for an abfolute eftate Pnd	inheritance	in	fee-fimple, clear of incumbrances, where fuch

andan^aUToVc^ate l% ve^c<l *n the truftees; and according to the valuation rf an eftate for fix years and an half purchafe, for an eftate for life in poflefKoft, life. Sec. or for an eftate of inheritance in fee-fimple, in reverfion or remainder, expedant upon an eftate for life in pofleflion, and fo in proportion for other interefts, according to common rules of purchafe, where the faid truftees are only intituled to lower according to or lefler hiterefts in the faid premifles, whether for life or other* jthereiits; An. Vnfe, in pofleflion, reverfion or remainder, according to the 170X.	rents at which the faid lands and premifles were let, in the year

Quit rent? See our k°r<* one t^ou^an<^ feven hundred and one (the yearly eluded** quit-rents, crown-rehts and compofition-rents, payable to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, being first deduded.) . Theaioool.to - II. And be it further enaded by the authority dforefaid. That be allowed the the fum of twenty one thoufand pounds, by the faid former ad ParthffCrS m aPPointec^ t0 P*id in part of the faid fifty nine thoufand five !ncnt° &c.y" hundred and two pounds, fo proved by the faid purchafers, their hfirs or afligns, to have been adualjy paid for the pur-chafed premifles to the feveral grantees thereof and allowed by the laid truftees to have been paid, as aforefaid, (hall, if not before fc>aid by the faid truftees, be allowed to the feveral and refpedive purchafers, their heirs or afliens, in part of payment of the money, after the rate of the laid thirteen years, or other purchafe appointed to be paid to the faid truftees by this ad.

III.	And whereas feveral eftates, charges and incumbrances have been, orbpon claims yet to be made before the faid truftees, play be adjudged and allowed by them, to be charged upon, or put of the faid purchafed premifles, and wherewith the fame are or will be chargeable and affeded : be it farther enaded by the ^nd:any fums authority aforefaid, That there (hall alfo beKdeduded and al-o* moriey ai- lowed by the faid truftees, or any feven or more pf them, to the lowed on faid refpedive purchafers, their heirs and afligns, out of the claims, Sec.	thirteen years, or other years purchafe, all and every fum

and fums of money, which is or (hall be allowed by the faid truftees, to any person or persons whatfoever, on their faid claims, and an allowance or abatement of fo much out of the faid purchafe-money, as (hall, by the judgment of the feid truftees, or any feven or more of them, according to a reafon-able valuation, be made for eftates aqd interefts by them allow-

Digitized by v^ooQle

4 71

.170*.] Anno primo Annje. ft. i. c.34.

^d, charging or affecting any of the faid purchased lands fefpedt-ively ; and the faid fum and fums of money, and valuations fo Such fum.s to flowed, or to be allowed by the faid truftees, or any feven or an incum-more of them, (hall be and remain a charge and incumbrance there~ on the faid refpedtive purchafed eftates, feverally and refpedtive-fy, according to the allowance, valuation, judgment or decree of the faid truftees.

IV,	And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Purchafers of all and every the person and persons aforefaid, purchafers of j^Atance To eftates of inheritance of, any parts of the faid forfeited lands or hav^a dif-eftates in Ireland, under the grantees thereof, and who have count, &c. proved the adtual payment of their purchafe money before the laid truftees, as is aforefaid, and who are hereby allowed to be purchafers, after the rate of thirteen years, or other years pur-chafe, and the inheritance of whofe eftates (hall remain in the truftees of the forfeited eftates, notwithftanding any adt or adts palfed in this prefent fqflipn of parliament, (hall have a difeount and abatement out of the faid thirteen years, or other years purchafe, oyer and above a proportionable (bare of the faid twenty one thoufand pounds, if not before paid off, one third part more (the whole in three equal parts to be divided) of their feveral and refpedtive original monies, proved by them to have been adtually paid for their feveral and refpedtive purchases: and OnpaymentOf that upon their payment of the furplus of the faid thirteen fnrplus, years, or other years purchafe, over and above the faid propor- c# tionable (hare of the faid twenty one thoufand pounds, and . pver and above the laid third part of their original purchafe money, they lhall have the fame benefits and advantages by virtue of this adt, as if the faid thirteen years, or other years purebafe-money had been fully paid by them, and that the fur-plus, over and above the refpedtive proportions of the faid twenty one thoufand pounds, and the faid other third part further allowed by this adt, which (hall be payable for fuch eftates, after the rate of thirteen years, or other years purchafe, as aforefaid (dedudtions being made according to the provifions of this adt) (hall be paid by the faid feveral and refpedtive purchafers, their heirs or affigns, to the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, for the ufes in the faid first recited adt menpqncd, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoudand leven hufv-dred and three: and that upon payment thereof the faid truftees, Truftees may pr any feven or more of them, (hall at the requeft, cofts and convey the charges of the faid refpedtive purchafers, their heirs and affigns, Preraiffc8> &c-,Convey unto them refpedtively, and to their refpedtive heirs, executors and affigns, the premifies fo by them refpedtively pur-qhafed, and all their eftate and intereft therein, to be held and /enjoyed by the refpedtive purchafers, their heirs and aftigns, for and according to fuch eftates and interefts, as by the laid first recited adt, are vefted in the faid truftees, >and that after fuch payment, and until fuch conveyance, the faid purchafers, their heirs and affigns, (hall be intituled to the pofleffion, rents and profits of the lands and premifles fo to be purchased.

H h 4	V.	Pro-

Digitized by Google

Anno primo Annje. ft. i; c. 32^

V.	Provided always. That in cafe any of the faid purchafers, » their heirs or affigns, (hall make default in paying the remain-

pavine re- °* <*er t^ie refpeftive purchafe-monies by the time aforefaid, rniunto* of it (hall and may be lawful, to and for the laid tfuftees* or any purchafe mo- feven or more of them, and they are hereby required to fell the ney, truftees, refpeftive lands and premises fo purchafed, by any fuch person C&c.	or Perf°ns> who (hall fo negleft to pay in the remainder of the

* #	faid purchafe-monies, as aforefaid, to pay to fuch person or pcr-

fons, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, the refpeftive proportions of the faid twenty one thoufand pounds, and the (aid other third part further allowed by this aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That after payment of the faid refpeftive purchafe monies as this aft direfts, die faid refpeftive

In what man- purchasers, and their heirs and affigns refpeftively, (hall have, lalUn'o*^8 hold and enjoy the feveral manors, lands, tenements, and he-their land's reditaments fo by them refpeftively purchafed, in fuch manner &c.	* and form, and with the like benefits and advantages, as if the

faid refpeftive purchafers had aftually purchafed the fame from the faid truftees, under and by virtue of the faid aft, made in the eleventh year of his faid late Maiefty’s reign.

VII.	And to the end that none of the faid purchafed prcmif* fes may ever defcend or come to any papift or papifts, or persons profeffing the popifh religion, but that the fame (hall defcend and come, andv remain to be held and enjoyed by proteftants, for the ftrengthning and fupportmg of the Englijh intereft, and the proteftant religion in Ireland \ be it enafted by the authority a-

Perfoneda- forefaid, That if any person educated in the popi(h religion, cated in the or profeffing the fame, and being under the age of eighteen ^PwdCnot * years’ not’ wfrhin fix months after he or (he (hall attain the taking the aBe aforefaid, take the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and oathsf&c. alfo fubfcribe the declaration fet down and expreft in an aft of parliament made in the thirtieth year of the reign bf the late soCar. a. flat. King Charles the Second, intitulea, An all for the more effectual a.	preferving the King's person and government, by difdbling papifts from

fitting in either houje of parliament, to be by him or her made, repeated, and fubkxibed in the courts of Chancery or King's Bench9 in England or Ireland, or quarter feffions in any county in England or Ireland, where fuch person (hall refide (which laid oaths and declaration the faid courts and quarter feffions are feverally and continu- hereby impowered to adminifter) and continue to be a prote-afunvards,ant ^ant a^tcr t^ie ta^nS the oaths and declaration aforefaid, incapable of every fuch person (hall* in refpeft of him or herfelf only, and inheriting any not to or in refpeft of his or her heirs or pofterity, be difabled, lauds, &c. and is hereby made incapable to inherit or take by defeent, de-vife or limitation, in pofleffion, reverfion, or remainder, any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premifTes aforefaid, or any rent or profit ifluing out of the fame, or any part thereof; and that during the life of fuch person, or until he or (he (hall go\o the next ta^e ^ oat^s> an<* make, repeat, bnd fubfcribe the faid of kin,who is a declaration in manner aforefaid, the next of his or her kindred, proteftant,&c. who (hall be a proteftant, (hall have and enjoy the faid pro-

miffes,

Digitized by v^»ooQle

i^OiTj	pnino	AtftfiS;<C.3*«"	4?3

mifles, without being accountable for the profits by him or her received, duringfijcb enjoyment as afbrefaid. *	^

VIII- And it is further ena&ed, That every fuch papift, or Papift, &c. person making profeffion of the pbp?(h religion, (Kill be difa- made incapa-bled, and is hereby made incapable 'to purchafe, either ire his or b*e *° Pur" 'her own name, or in the name of any other person or persons, afore-to his or her own ufe, ofiri truft for hkh or her, any of the faid.

<	lands, tenements* or hereditaments, or premiflesaforefard, dr any rents, profits, terms, or intetfefts In Or out of the fame1; and that all and Angular eftates, terms, and any other Intereft* and profits whatfoever, in or otffc Of the premises, and all con- * veyances and declarations of truft concerningthe Tame, which fhall be made, fuffered, or done, to or for the ufe, benefit, and

: behoof of any fuch person, (hall be utterly void artd 6f none	*

effedt, to all intents, purpofes, and Conftru&ions whatfoever.

, IX. And it is hereby further ena^ed, That all leafes for life Leafcs, &c. to or lives, or for any term of years* or otherwife, which fhalfat be made only ; any time hereafter be made of any of the lands, tenements, or ^cProteltant5» i hereditaments hereby directed to be conveyed by the feid truftees, * f as is aforefaid, (hall be made to fuch perrons only as are of the	!

proteftant religion, and to none other. And if any leafe for life or lives, or for years or otherwife, (hall at any time hereafter he made of any of the lands, tenenrffents or hereditaments aforefaid, to or in truft for any papift $ or if any leafe\of any. fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments (hall be made to a pro-«teftant, and the fame (hall ^afterwards be afligned to or in truft for any papift ; every fuch leafe To made to or in truft for any -papift, and likewife every fuch aflignmeftt, (hall be void, and the fame is and are hereby adjudged and declared to be ipfo fafto null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever : and m Penalty on fuch cafe, as well the person making any fuch leafe or affign- person accept, xnent, as the person to whom, or for whofe ufe or benefit the for wL

-	fame (hall be made, (in cafe fuch person (hall accept fuch leafe

, or aflignment) or (hall occupy any the larids or tenements there- *

^in contained, (hall forfeit treble the full yearly value of all the * lands fo let, afligned, or occupied ; one moiety thereof to her

<	Majelly, her heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person (being a proteftant) who (hall fue for the fiwrie m any of her Majesty’s courts of record at Dublin^ by any bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or

-	imparlance (hall be allowed.

X.	Provided always. That nothing in this a£t contained A61 not to (hall extend to make void any leafe, that is or (haH be made of make void any any cottage or cabbin, under the yearly value of thirty lhillings

per annum, to any day labourer whatfoever.

XI.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall nor to extend be conftrued to extend to any rectories impropriate, or vicarages, to rV&ories tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, or other things, to the ^mproPnate* fatnere&ories or vicarages feverally and refpe&ively belonging or appertaining, which were, by a claufe in the aforefaid a<ft, veiled in the truftees in. the faid aft named, totheufes, intents, and

6	purpofes

Digitized by



iTniftees to deduct for fuch reftoriesj &c.

and be dif-charged from rents, received! Sec.

< .

‘tefore pav-jnent of the remainder of the 13 years, purchafe, &c.

Saving to the Queen all rents, See.

if W» 3. c. ».

Anno pna?o	e,#.	'[*701.

• purpofes,(herein mentioned * b«t that^U ftfsb reftbnes B»(t vicarages, tithes, obJatifiBSino^cBtions, glebes,: and other things thereunto belonging, with their appurmoaneesi (hall (till continue to be vefted in tjhe /aid truftees, to fuch ufes as are in and by thy fajd. aft djrefted and appointed; any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithdaoding. But in fuch cafe, the £tid ttuftees are to ^ deduftionaqd allowance, after the rate of thirteen, years purchafe. >out of the purchafe money to be. paid onto them, for fuch iwftoriys or .vjearages, or other matters aforefaid, to glj andeyery person or persons who had .purchafed ,thp feme, their;heiw,.oraffigns.

XII.	Provided ahb, and, he it further enafted, That the tru-ftees in the laid aft named, foe (ale of the forfeited edates in Ireland, lb all be and are hereby acquitted, and difeharged of and from all.rqnts or, profits, «r>other fume of money, by them, or any for or under, them, received or to be received, for or out of any the lands, tenements,, and premides aforefaid, at any time hefore the payment of the remainder of the (aid thirteen years purchafe, by the faid purchafers refpeftively, and of .and from all aftioos, fuits, and demands for or in refpeft thereof.

Xip. ^ving nevertMlefs to her Majesty, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, all ryots lfluing and payable out of or for the faid pre-mifles, apd alfp faving to aU bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, and fucceflors, and to all and every other, person and pepbriSj their heirs, executors, and adminutrators (other than thp (ajd ttufteds in the laid aft named) all fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, wbatfoever, of, jnto, and out of the faid premises, as they or any of them might have had in cafe this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIV, And for the better prefervation and encouragement of the proteftapt intereft in the, (aid kingdom of Ireland, and to the end that none of the honours, manors, baronies, cattles, meflu-ages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, fervices, remainders, poiMious, royalties, franchises, jurifdiftions, privileges, or appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wife appertaining, rights of entry, rights of aftlon, titles, conditions, ufes, trails, powers, or authorities, leafies for life, lives, or years, penfions, annuities, rapt charges/or hereditaments, whether free-hold, copy-hold, or of what nature or kind foever they he, within the faid realm of Ireland, nor any of the eftates or interefts whatsoever in the faid kingdom of Irelan,which by an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled,. An atl ftr granting an aid to bis	by

fale of the forfeited and other efiaHs and interejis in Ireland, and b a land tan in England, for the ftveral purpofes therein	,

were veiled and fettled in the persons in that aft named (truftees (nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities in the faid aft enafted, relating to the faid forfeited and other eflates and interefts jn Ireland) and their heirs, executors, adminiftratorg, and adigns refpeftively, or which

by .

Die , by

Google

jt7or.]	AhUM.,ft. ri e/32.

by the faid’ a<9E, or. by Any fiibfeqoent aSt or a&s, are orderdB ot alire&ed to he difpoied of or fold by them,' or any of than, for bhe purpofesiathe faid ad or at&s mentidned, may ever hfercr after defcend or come by limitation, porchafe, or other wife, . to any papift of papift s* or perfbn* or^erfons profefling the popifh religion; but that the fame forthwith, from and after due difpo* fidon and fale thereof, may bepofleffed and enjoyed, and from -thenceforth for ever hereafter defcend, come, and remain^ to be r held and enjoyed by proteftants, for the ftrengthening and fup>-'porting the Englijh intereft, and the proteftantrehgion in lrr*

Jand-, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all difi- All faloc of .pofitions and fales of all and every the faid eftates andinterefts, eftates, &c. ;which (hall be made by the faid truftees, or any of them, fhaH be made unto proteftants only; and that every person being a towwftantt papift, or profefling the popifh religion, fhall be difabled, and only.

. us hereby made incapable to purchafe, either in hie or her own Papifttmad* name, or in the name of any other person or perftms, to his incapable %or her ufe, or in truft for him or her, any of the honours, Purchate»&c# manors, lands, tenements, royalties, franchises, and other hereditaments, of vihat nature or kind foever, vetted in the laid m ^ t wiftees, in order to the felling the fame, or any rents, profits,	f	>

-terms for years, or other interefts whatfoever, in or’out of the	“ J yIl !

• fame; and that all and Angular eftates, terms for yte;*rs, in-Wefts, or profits whatfoever, in or out of the faidpccratfles, and all conveyances and declarations of truft concerniskg the j f- ,„o fame, ^vhich fhall be made, fuffered, or done to of fpr the ufo, ■?	•	m

benefit or behoof of any papift, or person making profeffion df < i :the popifh religion, (halt be utterly void and of no effect, to all : “ .intents, purpofes and cohftru&ions whatfoever.

XV.	And for preventing the faid premiffes,. and every part -thereof, at all times hereafter, from coming into the hands of ^papifts* or persons profefling the popilh religion; be it epadted 'by the authority aforefaid, That no papift or person profefling No papift ca-the popilh religion, during the time of his continuing a papift,- or	maked*

< profefling the popifh religion, (hall be a person capabte'tointterit^ tje by defeent* take, or make title unto, by defeent, purchafe, limitation, devHe, to any the laid *or other conveyance whatfoever^ in pofieflion, reverficn or re- manors, land*, mainder, or to have, hold or enjoy any of the (aid: honours, &c* (

-manors, hereditaments and premines, or any truft or intereft -therein, or any rent or profit iflbing out of , the feme, or out Papift not tak--of any part thereof; and that if any person profefling the popifh jpg the <**!?% religion, or educated in the fame, and not having fofemnly &c* and publickly renounced it, being of full age, fhaH not, witk-iff the fpace of fix months after the accruing of Hisor her title,

>or being under the age of eighteen years, (hall not, within fix rmonths after he or fhe fhall attain the'Sgc aforefaid, t*kc the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and alfo fubferibe the deck-ration fet down and expreflfed in an adf of parliament mdde in the 30'Car. thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Charles -the Second, *. intituled. An aft fir the more effectual preferving the King's person r--**,. and government, by difabling papi/fs from fitting in either houfe of bqrliamenty to be by him or her made, repeated, and fubferibed T	in

Digitized by L^ooQle

47#	. ^Bno primo ANll^. ft.i*	•	[1701;

in the courts of Chancery or'King's Bench in England or Ireland* or quarter Teffions in any county of Englandov Ireland^ where fuch person fhall refide (which laid oath and declaration the faid courts and quarter feflions are hereby feveraHyimpowered to ad?-minifter) and continue to be arproteftarit after the taking the laid oath and declaration aforefaid, every fuch person (hall, in '	TefpeA of,him or herfelf only, and not to or ift refpeCt of his

difabledfrem w her heirs or pofterity, be difehled, and is hereby made in-inheriting > capable to inherit or take by defcent, devife or limitation, or

Jurchafe, in poflfeffion, reVerfion or remainder, any of the faid onours, manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or premises aforementioned, or any truft or intereft in rent or profit iffuing smd tbentxt mit	Amc* or.out of any part thereof; and that during

of kin, being the life of fuch person, or until he or Ihe (hall take the faid a ptoteftantT baths, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the faid declaration m IbaU inherit, manner aforefaid, thee next of his or her kindred, who {hall be a proteftant, lhall hive and enjoy the faid premifles, without " being accountable for the profits by him or her received during futh enjoyment as aforefaid.

Leafes, &c. to XVI. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That all leafes for life or be madeonly Jives, orforany term of years or otherwife, which lhall at any time to proteftant*.	be made of any the honours, manors, lands, tene-

ments, hereditaments, and premifles above mentioned, (hall be made to fuch persons only as are of the proteftant religion, and Such leafe ' to none other; and if any leafefor life or lives, or for years or made to pa- otherwife, (hall at any time after fuch fale be made of any the pifb, or m honours, manors, lands* tenements, hereditaments or premifle* wid WthCm>	unto or *n ^or ®y papift? or person profefling

the popiih religion; or <tf any leafe of any fuch honours, manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or premifles, (hall be made to a proteftant, and the fame (hall afterwards be afligned unto, or in truft for any papift, or person profefling the popiih religion; every fuch leafe fo made unto, or in truft for any fuch papift or person, and likewife every fuch aflignment lhall be » void, and the fame is and ate hereby adjudged and declared to be ipfo faftQi null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfo-cver; and in fuch cafe, as well the person making any fuch Jeafe or aflignment, as the person to whom or for whofe ufe or benefit the fame (hall be made (in cafe fuch person lhall accept fuch leafe or aflignment, or (hall occupy any the lands or tene-Penafty; ments therein contained) fhall forfeit treble the foil yearly value, of all the lands fo let, afligned or occupied, one moiety thereof to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to fach person (being a proteftant) who lhall fue for the fame in any of her Majesty Vcourts of record at Dublin, by any bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or imparlance (hall be allowed.

Aft not to XVII. Provided always, that nothing in the laft foregoing void cottage claufe contained lhall extend to make void any leafe, that is or leafe, Sec. (hall be made, of any cottage or cabbin, under the yearly value

Digitized by kjOOQle

477

1701.] Anno primo AmuB. it.

lue of thirty (hillings per annum, to any day labourer whatfo-ever.

XVIII.	Provided, That nothing herein contained (ball ex-nor truftees tend, or be conftrued ta extend, to make void, impeach orlcafe an® prejudice any leafe of any of the,faid forfeited eftates, or other y***9 Interefts, mile or to be made by the laid truftees, for any term

not exceeding one year.	N

XIX.	And whereas his faid lateMajefty King William, in con^ fideration of a fine of fix hundred and eighty five pounds, fixtem Jbillings* and four, pence, Jlated by the commifiioners of accounts in Ireland, to he due from his faid Majesty to major Walter Delamat for arrears ofpay for his fervices in the kingdom of Ireland, did in the month of Odober, one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, make a bafe to the faid major Walter Debitor, of feme forfeited eftates in the faid kingdom, for the term of twenty one years, the faid eftates being fubjeft to great incumbrances, and a jointure for the life of

Plunkett, the relift of Ignatius Plunkett: and whereas William palmer, ef quire did purchafe from the faid major De-' lamar part of the faid eftates called Pirpatrick, in the barony of Deece, and county of Meath, for the fum of five hundred pounds, the faid fum being by him paid to the faid Witer Delamar, for tiff	\

remainder of the faid term of twenty one years, jubjeft to the faid jointure, and hath fince alfo laid out fix hundred pounds, and upwards* in buying in the faid jointure eftate in the faid lands, in, draining 4 pagg, and'budding and planting upon the faid eftate, to the great improvement thereof: and whereas notwithftanding there are,but about fourteen years to come in the faid leafe, the fame is made void by the late aft of parliament for re-ajfuming the forfeitures in that kingdom, and the faid William Palmer hath funltjs relieved by parliament) loft the money fo paid and laid out by him, and of which the publick hath had and will have the benefit; be ft therefore ena&ed by the author Tru^“f1.to rity aforefaid, That the faid truftees (hall^ within twelve months, i rooL pay to the faid William Palmer, his executors* admtniftrators andin default, and afligns, the fum of one thoufand one hundred pounds; and See. he to hold in default of fuch payment as aforefaid, it (hall and may be Dirpatrick, lawful to and for the laid William Palmer, his executors, admi~ niftrators and afligns, to have, hold and enjoy the faid premifler, called Dirpatrick aforefaid, with the appurtenances, for and during the refid ue of the faid term of twenty one years, according to the faid leafe and afiignment thereof to nim made; and in cafe of fuch default, the faid leafe (as to the ptemifles called Dirpatrick) and the faid aflignment thereof, mall be and is hereby confirmed and made effectual $ the faid ad, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithfianding; fub~ jed i>everthelefs to all and every the claufes, ^matters, and things in this ad contained, directed to be done and performed f ^ the faid other proteftant purchafers.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That in all ads which have palled this feffion of parliament, re-

lating to the forfeited eftates or interefts in	,which do premacy, &c."

enjoin the taking the oath or oaths of allegiance by any perfpn -

or

Digitized by

47®	Anno	prime	Ann*,	ft;	2i cM t * 7°*.

or persons whatfotver* and Wherein thc obHgmg^the taking die oath of fupremacy is omitted; all and every the person and per* fotuu Who are thereby enjoihed to lake the oath of allegiance, (hall be and are hereby obliged and enjoined at the fame time. Penalties. to take the Oath of fapremacy alfo, under the like penalties, forfeitures ahd liabilities, as are m the faidrefpeftive afts mentioned and contained, for and in default of taking the oath or oaths ofstfegiance, and fubferibing the declaration therein mentioned, .

Not above two * XXI. And it is hereby farther enafted and declared. That acres of land there (hall1 not be let with any cabin or cottage to any day la-to be let with bourer {as by any ads of this feffion of parliament relating to W t0	eftates	in Ireland is permitted) above the quantity

er L. Ur" two acres °f and not above one cottage or cabin with *	*	fuch land to any one day labourer j and that in cafe any other

leafe or leafes (nail be fo made, or more land be let than as a-forefaid, the leafe of fuch cottage or cabin, as well as of the (aid land, thall be and is hereby declared to be ipfo fa&o ntfX and Void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and as well the person making, as the person taking fuch leafe, or occupy-PenaJty. ing fuch cottage or cabin, or lands, (hall forfeit treble the fall yearly value o? the faid cottage. Cabin or land, to be fued for, recovered and distributed, as any other penalties by the (aid ads are to be recovered and diftributed.

Publick aft. XXII. And be it farther enafted, That this aft (hall be taken and allowed in all courts as a publick aft, arid all judges and juftiees are hereby required to take notice thereof, without fpe-cial pleading the fame.

Anno pritm A N N iE Regime. Stat. 2.

• Added from the inrolment.

AT the -parliament begun at Weftminfter the twentieth . day 0/Auguft, Anno Dom. 1702. the year of the reign of our fovereign lady Anne, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, S>ueent defender of the faith, &c. and from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the twentieth day of Oftober, 1702. (and then and there held, and by divers adjournments continued till the twenty feventh day of February follow* ing,*) being the firfi feffion of	parliament.

, CAP. I.

u & 11W.An act for granting to her Maiefty a land tax for carrying on the war c# |Q# J	-	againft France and Spain.

48. in tb$	f-	76. Claufe for making good deficiencies of ftveral	afts. Arrears upoa

toumi.	9 W, 3. and on io W. 3. and n W. 3. how to be charged. Commif-

^	fioners to determine the proportions to be paid by each hundred, -Set-

and

Digitized by

1701.3	Anno primo AuwJtt. fbasi	47^

apd.caufe the fame to be rc-afleficd, and paid. Then Supers to be dif^

. charged. Like allowances to receivers, &c. , Claufe not to alter the, charge made upon any parts, hundreds, Sec. Certificate of the arrears to be tranfmitted to the remembrancer’? office. It arrears be not paid,'

SrOcefs to go againft inhabitants, Sec. Claufe of loan at 5 1. per cent, loney lent not to be taxed. Tallies of loan and orders for repayment, to be regiftred and paid in courfe. No fees for regiftring, firc. No uii-due preference where tallies, fire, bear date the fame day# .nor if fubfe-quent orders be paid, Sec. Orders for payment^afligiiaDle.^ EXP.

CAP. II.

'An a61 for enabling her Majesty to fettle a revenue for fupporting the dig-f Ann.ftat.1. nity of hi? royal highnefs Prince George hereditary of Denmark,, in - _ cafe he (hall furtive her Majesty. EXP.	'*

CAP. lit

An act for granting a fupply to her Majesty, by feveral.dutie$ Impofed up^.g xP.

«•	On	malt, mum, cyder, and perry. ^

And for the avoiding, all difputes touching the returns made or to be made by the gaugers of any malt as aforefaid, be it ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That by the buihel, in this act mentioned, is meant and intended a buihel according, to the ftandard remaining in the cuftody of the chamberlains of her Majesty’s Exchequer, commonly called or known by the name of the Ufathejter bufhel; and that the quantity of barley or other corn or grain taken by the gauge, according to fuch bufhel, in any ciftern, uting-fat, utenfil or other veuei, wherein fuck barley, or other corn or grain (hall be found wetting or fteeping, or which (hall be found to have been wetted or Seeped for the making of malt, (hall be charged, and returned by the gauger as fo many bufhels of malt; and that every round buihel with a plain and eVen bottom, being made eighteen inches and an half wide throughout, and eight inches deep, lhall be efteemed a legal JVinchefttr bufhel accord* ing to the laid ftandard.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing the duties upon coals, culm, and cynders. Duties 9 & 10 W. 3. on coals, culm, See. continued till 1708. Afts 9 fir 10 W. 3. c. 13. and c. 13. jo & 11 W. 3. c. 11. continued. persons may rend 500,000 1. on credit io&iiW, 3. of this aft, with intereft. Monies lent not to be taxed, See. Orders c. si. affignable. Aflignee may aifign again, See. EXP.	By 9 Annae,

c. 21. f. 30.

CAP. V.	P&jom having

An alt for granting an aid to her Majesty, by fale offeveral [tua'aft'aT annuities at the Exchequer* for carryin? on the war a-be fftmjttod in-

• at?	j o .1 J ■	*	to	the South

gamft France and Spam.	Sea company.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed at Weftminfter, in the fourth year of the reign of King WiU liam and ^ueen Mary (of hleffed memory) intituled, An a<ft for 4W.&M.C.3; granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recom-pences and advantages in the faid aft; mentioned, to fuch per*

Ions as (hall voluntarily advance thefumoften hundred thou- y :

- ...	fand	-

Digitized by Google

SW.&M.

c*»o.

&ftd pounds, towards'carrying oft thewaragainft Frartte, certain rates or duties of excife upon beer, ah', and other liquors, were Impofed, during the term of ninety-nine years, which commenced from the five and twentieth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and two, and made liable to the payment offiver at annuities, which were to be purchafed in the form thereby prefcribed: and by another aft of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of their faid late Majefiies, intituled, An act for granting to their Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips and veflels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecur-ingr certain recompenses and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch * persons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thoufand. pounds, towards carmng on the war againft France, two feventh parts of other duties of excife^ upon beer, ale, and other liquors thereby granted to their faid late Afajqfties, their heirs, and fuccefjors, are made liable to the payment of other annuities, which were to be purchafed in the manner and form thereby pre-5 W. & M. C5. fcribed: and whereas by virtue or in turfuance of the faid feveral afts, and of another aft made in the fifth year of their faid late Mayflies reign, for fupplying the deficiency of the money raifed by the aft fir ft above mentioned, feveral annuities were purchafed at divers rates for one, two, or three lives : and whereas feveral of the faid annuities whichwere fo purchafed (and whereupon no reverfion or further efiate or intereft hath been purchafed, and which have not been changed into a certain term of years, in purfucmce of any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) are determined by the deaths of fuch contributors or their nominees refpeftively, for whofe life or lives the fame were to cvntique refpeftively, which annuities, Jo determined, did amount at leaf to the fum of five thoufand two hundred feventy feven pounds per annum, which was payable out of the duties of excife impofed by the faid first mentioned aft of parliament, and to the Jum of five hundredfixty five pounds per annum, which was payable out of the faid two feventh parts of the other duties of excife be-, ' fore mentioned: now for the more effeftuaJ railing the money "which is neceffaiy for carrying on the prefent war againft France and Spain, and fupplying your Majeft/s other occafions, we your Majesty’s moft autiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of England in parliament aflembled, do cheerfully and unanimoufly grant unto your Majesty a further aid to arife by contributions tor annuities to be purchafed in fuch manner as is herein after exprefled; and do htimbly pray your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual A r and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-may ray bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it lhall and may 79,1551; into be lawful to and for any person or persons (being her Majeft/s the Exchequer natural-born fubjefts) at any time or times before the firlt day for purchafing 0f March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, to contribute, out ofthe Ex- advance, and pay into the receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer ofe, granted any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum by 4W.fcM.0f feventy nine thoufand one hundred and fifty five pounds, for c* S*	purchafing

Digitized by v^ooQle

i7ot;] Attk> primo Ann-®. flat. 2. c.5.	481

purchafing fuch annuities as are herein after mentioned, out of the faid duties of excife impofed by the a6t of parliament first above mentionedj and any other fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of eight thoufand four hundred an^ 8,475 L for and feventy five pounds for purchafing fuch annuities as herein after mentioned, out of the faid two feventh parts of the &c. out of the other duties of excife before exprefled, upon the terms follow- two feventh irig (that is to fay) That all and every fuch contributor and Parts	®xclfe

contributors refpe&ively, his, her, and their executors, admi-	yCts~

niftrators, and afligns (being her Maiefty’s natural-born fub- *	,5#

jeCts, as aforefaid) out of fuch of the laid branches or duties of excife, whereupon he, (he, or they (hall pay the confideration money, to purchafe fuch annuities, as aforefaid, (hall have and, receive an annuity, yearly rent, or payment, after the rate of fourteen pounds of lawful Englijb money for every fum of two hundred and ten pounds (b paid, as aforefaid, and fo propor-tionably for any greater fum which (hall be fo paid or contributed, for and during the full term of fourfcore and nine years, to be reckoned from the five arid twentieth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and two; the fame to be paid at the four mod ufual feafts of the year; that is to fay, The feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John the baptift, Saint Michael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal f portions ; the first payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, one thoufand feven hundred and three.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That all and every fuch con- Contributort, fributor and contributors, fo paying the faid confideration mo- &c. intitled ney, as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall nominate, to the faid an-his, her, and their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns (be-numes* ing*natural-born fubjeCts, as aforefaid) (hall have, receive, .and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this aeft, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpeCtive annuity and annuities, fo to be pur-chafed, for and during the whole term aforefaid, out of fuch of the faid rates or duties of excife, upon which fuch purchafe (hall be made, as aforefaid, freed from all taxes* rates, and impofi- Free from tions whatfoever, and as fully and beneficially as other pur- taxes, &c. chafers of annuities for any life or lives, or of any reverfionary annuities Upon the faid aas, or any of them, do or ought to liave, receive, or enjoy the refpeCtive annuities fo by them pur-chafed: and that all and every the directions, powers, andPowers claufes in the faid former a<5ts contained, for and concerning in the afore-the levying of tallies, the making forth of orders, or for making faid aft re-of transferences or aflignments, or for the apportioning or ap- vived. plying the monies arifing by the faid funds or revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, fettling, or eftablifhing any other matter or thing, for or in relation to the refpeClivq annuities thereby purchased or obtained (other than the making proof of nominees being alive) (hall be and are by force and virtue of this a6t revived, arid (hall be duly obferved, pra&ifed, and put V©»Im X.	li	in

Digitized by Google

482	Anno.primo	Ann^B.	ft^t.2.	c.^.	-	[1701.

in execution, for and in refpedt of fuch annuities as (hall be purchafed and obtained upon this a&, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame powers, dire&ions, and claufes were here again ex-prefled, and particularly repeated.

In cafe duties III. And be it further ena&ed and declared by the authority ofexcife prove aforefaid, That in cafe the faid rates'and duties of excife which deficient, &c. were granted for ninety nine years,* as aforefaid, or the faid two feverith parts of the other rates and duties of excife above mentioned, or any or either of them* fli^ll at any time or times appear to*be fo deficient in the produce of toe fame, as that at the end of any one year to be, reckoned from and after the fiye and twentieth day of .Decembery in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred ana two, the fame, or any of them refpe<5tively, (hall not be fufficient to difcharge ana fatisfy all the payments upon the refpe&ive annuities by this and any former a<5t or aits of parliament charged thereupon, whereby the ' (aid annuities, or any of them, (hall be in arrear, thep, and fo. often, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch deficiency and. how they (hall deficiencies (hall be provided for, anfwered, and made good by! be provided or out of the next aids to be raifed and granted by parliament; for, &c.	the monies fo to be fupplied, together with the monies of

the rates and duties before mentioned, (hall be applied to and for the payment of all arrears which (hall then appear to be due ^nd unpaid upon the faid annuities, or any of them; fo that die fame (hall be fully difeharged and paid off, according to the true meaning of this a<£l.

c A P. VL

An act for the letter preventing efcapes out of the Queen’s Bench and Fltti prifons,.

WHEREAS divers persons heretofore legally committed by her Majejlfs feveral courts of record at Weftminfter, to the euJUdy cf the marjbal of the Queen’s Bench, and to the prison of the Fleet, upon actions for the recovery ofdebt, or damages, orfof contempts in not performing orders or decrees made in courts of equir ty, and in execution, have by bribes and illegal practices, to and with '	fuch marjbal of the Queen’s Bench, or to and with the warden of

the faid prison of the Fleet, or fome of their officers or fervants, or other persons in tru/l for them, and for their refpeftive ufes and be-hefty frequently procured from fuch marjbal or warden liberty to efcape, and go at large, without fatisfafiion made to the refpeftive plaintiffs or creditors, and without discharging fuch debtsy or fat is-fyingjuch damages9 or performing fuch orders or decrees, as well to the great damage of honejl creditors, the deereafe of perfonal credit, and difeouragement of trade, as in open defiance to all good and whol-fome laws heretofore made to refrain fuch abufes: for remedy whereof, and for preventing the like evil practices for the future, be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and

6	by

r

Digitized by

Google

Prifoner in the yeen’s Bench orFieotprifoa,

1701.3	Anno primo Annje. flat.2. c.6.

by tl>p authority of the fame, That if any person or persons already committed, rendred, or changed, or who (hall hereafter be committed, or rendred to, or charged in the cuftody of the marihal of the Jghteen’s Bench for tne tinie being, or to or in the prison of the Fleets either in execution, or upon melfne propels, or upon any contempt in not performing fuch order o^r decree by any of her Majesty’s courts at JVeJiminJier, and fticH perfoji or perlons (hall* at any time after fuch commitment* render, charge, or being in execution, and before he, (hp, or they (hall have made payment or fatisfa&ion to the refpedtife plaifr-tiff pr plaintiffs* creditor or creditors, or (hall have cleared Kim, her, ox themfelves of fuch contempts, as he, (he, or they were:, or (hall be charged with at the time of fuch their commitment, render,, charge, or being in execution* as aforefaid, make any faking efcape from the cuftody of the marital of the Queen's Bench (or efcape, , the time being, or from the prison of the faid Queen’s Bench, or "	*	.

from the prison of the Fleet* or either of them, or (hall.ga ajt „ \\ larger at any time after the three and twentieth day o£ja(iuqry9	,'J

which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred/and two, it (half and may be lawful upon oath tfrpreof in on writing, to be made by one or mpre credible person qr persons, of, before any one of the judges of that court where fuch a&ion	~

was entred, or judgment and execution were obtained, or wWe the party was fa committed or charged, as aforefaid, to and for	:

fuch judge, before whom fuch oath (hall be made, as abovesaid, and fuch judge is hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to grant unto any person ^hatfoever, who (hall de- raay marid the fame, one or more warrant or warrants under his grant warrant hand and feal, therein reciting the ad>ion or adtions, execution for retaking of executions, contempt or contempts, with which fuch person prifoner, or persons fo efcaping, or going at large, (tood charged, or were	,	t

committed at the fuit of any person or persons, on whpfe behalf (uch warrant or warrants (hall lpe demanded at the time of fuch	;

efcape, or going at large (which faid warrant or warrants friall 4	^

be" in force in all places whatsoever,,wjthin thp kingdom of England, dominion of Walesy and town-erf Berwick upon Tweed) directed to all (heriffs, mayors*, bailiffs, conftables, head-boroughs, and tythinginen, therein and thereby commanding them, and every of them, in their refpedtive counties, cities, towns, and precindts, to feize and re-take fuch person or persons (b efcaped, or going at large ; and fuph person or persons who (hall be fo re-taken upon fuch warrant forthwith to convey and commjjt thecountv to the common gaol of fuch county where fuch person or per- gaoi where fons fo efcaped, or going at large, (hall bp re-taken, there to taken, there to remain without bail or mainprize, or being thence upon any remain, &c. account whatfoever delivered or removed, until he$ (he, or they ^ 5 (hall have made full payment or fatisfadtion to . the refpedhve^^J^j#

plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, in fuch adtion or ac- committed to tions, execution or executions, named, or until the judgment theprifon{ or

were

I i 2	or

•judgments, on which fuch execution or executiQns

ere fued out againft fuch person or persons, (hall be reverfed^^;

Digitized by Google

' Exception.

Mayor, kc.

4*4	Anno	primo Anna. ftat. 2. c. 6.	[170r.

or difcharged by due courfe of law, or until judgment in fuch a&ion or actions be given for fuch person or persons fo committed, as aforefaid, or until the faid contempt or contempts, for which fuch person or persons were or (hall be committed, be cleared, and difcharged; except fuch person or persons be charged with treafon or felony, or any other crime, matter, or caufe, for and on the behalf of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors; and if he or (he, for any fuch caufe, on the behalf of the Queen, her heirs and fucceffors, be removed to arty othdr gaol or prifon; he or (he (hall be, in the cuftody of fucn gaol, charged with all the caufes with which he or (he is or (hall be charged in the gaol from whence he or (he (hall be removed: and every mayor, and other officer, as aforefaid, after delivery after delivery of fuch prisoner fo re-taken together with fuch warrant to the

ftaTTtakeare- ®ler^ *hall ta^e a note *n writing from fuch (heriff, teftifying ceipt frora the receipt of fuch prifoner, which (aid (heriff is hereby requir-fheriff. ed to receive fuch prifoner, and give fuch note: and every fuch SherifFtomake (heriff, as aforefaid, after the execution of fuch warrant, (hall rCtltriAWar^ f°rthwith make a return thereof to the court where the adtion c. (hall be depending, or judgment, order, or decree had or obtained; which (hall be entred and filed upon record, andanfwerfor II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch person or prisoner efcap- persons fo retaken by warrant, as aforefaid, (hall at any time taien ^ rC ma^e anY efcaPe out of the gaol to which he, file, or they (hall be fo conveyed and committed, as aforefaid, the (heriff, in whofe cuftoay he, (he, or they was or were, (hall be liable to anfwer for fuch efcape, as in the cafe of any other efcaoe; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-1 Prifoner* bail thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for may have a arty person or peifons, that are or (hall be bail in any fuit or a<^*on *n anY °* her Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminfter% #tam nn- £Qr any person or persons that (hall be retaken and conveyed to fuch gaol as aforefaid, by virtue of fuch warrant as aforefaid, to have and profecute, out of fuch of her Majesty’s courts, where he or they are or (hall be bail, a writ directed to the (heriff of the county, to the gaol whereof fuch prisoner fo retaken (hall be committed and detained, commanding fuch (heriff to detain and keep fuch prisoner in cuftody in difcharge of his bail; which writ, with an account whether ne hath the faid prisoner in his cuftody, (hall be returned by the faid (heriff into court, at a day therein to be mentioned, and the delivery of every fuch writ to the (heriff, or his deputy, (hall be deemed and taken to be an effe&ual render of fuch prifoner, to all intents and pur-Sheriff,kc. af- pofes whatfoever, in difcharge of the faid bail; and that in cafe ter ward fuffer- fuch (heriff, his deputy, or other his inferior officer, (hall there-efcape! liable a^er ^u^er Pcrfon or persons fo rendred, in difcharge of his, to fuch action, her, or their bail, to efcape, they and every of them fo offend-kc. as mar- ing (hall be liable to fuch adtion and adtions, as the marfhal of the Queen's Bench, or warden of the Fleet prifon, is or are

liable

to detain pri-foner, &c.

Writ to be returned into court, kc.

fhal or warden, kc.



Digitized by v^ooQle

r 70*	Aftno	primo	Ann*, fiat. 2* Cw 7. *	4.&£

liable to, for permitting any person to efcapc out of his or their cuftody or prifon, who was committed to fuch cuftody or pn-fon upon render, in difeharge of his, heir, or their bail. '	-

IV.	And be \t further enabled,. That all and every foch Penalty on fheriffs, upon requeft of fuch person or persons, beupg bailjas &c. aforefaid, who fhall deliver fuch writ for keeping and detaining ^ke retur^ fuch prisoner as aforefaid, and for the ufual fees of returns of0f writ. aCtioris, fliall make, return and certify, under his hand, The receipt of fuch writ, and the tilde thereof, and whether the faid

perfon fo retaken was then in his cuftody, and in default there-	’	—.

of, fhall for every fuch default, negledt, or refufal, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in any of her Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; and that upon producing fuch return or certificate to the court where fuch bail fhall be taken, fuch court fhall direCfc and caufe a red- Red&ditje, didit fe to be entred upon the baH-piece, which fhall be as effectual to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid bail had then ^Ctually rendred the person of the faid defendant to fiich court, ot before any judge or judges of the fame.

V.	And tor .the prevention of difputes touching this aft, be	to	^

it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the fame, and every a general law. claufe and thing therein contained, fhall be adjudged and taken

to be a general law, and that it fhall mot be needml \o fet forth

the fame in pleading, or any part thereof ; and that the fame,

and every claufe therein, fhall be confirued moft beneficially*

for the preventing of all the nufehiefs* abufes, efcapes, and o-

ther inconveniencies herein provided againft: and further. That

if any person or persons fhall at any time be fued for putting in

execution any power or authority given by this aCt, fuch per*

fqn or persons fhall arid may plead the general iflue, and give in Generaj

evidence the fpccial matter; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in

fuch aClion or actions fhall be nonfuit, or difeontinue his;

her or their aCtion or actions, or a verdict fhall be givet) for the

defendant or defendants, or that judgment upon demurrer fhall

be given for the defendant or defendants, fevery fuch defendant , , v

or defendants (hall have his or their treble cofts of fuit.	Treble	cofb.

CAP.'VII.

An act for explaining and making effeftual a late ftatute concerning the I0 W. 3. c. 5. ' haven and piers of the burgh of Great Yarmouth, and tor confirming the rights and privileges ot the faid burgh.

Whenever the name and ftite of the corporation of Great Yarmouth fhall be altered, See. the mayor, See. fhall have and enjoy the fame rights,

Sec. as bailiffs, Sec. Mayor, Sec. liable to account for monies collected, and pay the like fee-farm rents, Sec. as foe bailiffs, Sec. Twelve com-miffioners to infpeft the accounts, who may call before them the collectors, and order monies refting due to be laid out, &c.

I i 3	CAP.

t

Digitized by

Amid prime Ann,®, flat, i.\ CAP. VIII.



An act for explanation of a claufe .m one aft made ip the feventk year of bis Tate Majesty's reign relating to Bore-laps,- and to take off the diditionfl fubftdy uppn Yiiftx

:	:	■ timid: 1	•*;	‘	(	’	'/*'	* ''

"IfZHERE A S in and by an aft of parliament made in - the fe~ yy venih year oftbemgru of hh late majefty King Williiqa the A daufe in Third* cf blef'ed memory? intituled. An aCt tor continuing feveral 7 W. 3. c. xo. duties granted byfformeraiftsupon wine and vinegar, and upon tpbtacco, and Eaft JW/j.gdods, and other merchandizes imported, for dirtying ion the war again ft France, it if therein recited. That whereas feperal merchant 1 trading with the United Provinces in feveral forts of coarfe linen, commonly called Borelaps, bad then of late beenicompelled^to.pay cuftm for the fame as Hollands,' which * came to jabots thirty five pounds per centum 5 whereby the fotidtrade*, foufoful'to\the poorer fort of people, was not- only liiefy to he loft, but the cuftms [thereby much abated: it was therefore mafted, fhataU fuch Jintn.doth, known or commonly called by the name of Borelaps, not exceeding twenty eight inches and a half in breadth, nor twelve ; t 4	r ptneg an Engiiihr ell in vakep, fkould-be *#/rafad. valorem during

f •,	, the continuance of that >a ftj and pay all other duties accordingly: and

whereas feme doubt hath been made, whether the fond claufe concern* concerning tng Borelaps it* yet in fora, \ and is to continue for fuch time and Borelaps, and femeffeursi as other tlaafoidn'thc faid recited aft are by fubfiquent the duties,&c. nftsmow m force continued', be it therefore declared and ena&ed to be in force the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice 17109 and cpnftntiof the:lord? fpirifoal apd temporal, and commons, in this pfrefent parliament affeiftbled, and by the authority of the fame, That thefaid da^fe conCerning P^fc^ artd thedup-,. J ties aodcuftoms payable for the fame ad valorem, \s and (haB be in. full force and effect to all intents, conftruCtions and pur^ pofeswhstfoever, until the first day of Auguft, one thoufand fe-ven hundredvand ten. * EXP. 1

II.	And whereas by one other aft made in the foventh year of the j W. 3. c. 39. treign uf Ins late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An ad / . * for encouraging the linen manufacture of Ireland, and bringing flax and hemp into, and the,making of fail-cloth in this kingdom, it is enaftedy That it /halt and may be lawful to and for any native or natives ^England, or Ireland, to import into England, iireftly from Ireland, any forts of hemp or flax, and dll the production thereof, as thread, yarn* and linen? of the growth and ma-nufafture of Ireland, free from all manner of cuftoms, duties, and impofitions whatfoever, upon producing fuch certificate, and making fuch oath, as in the> faid aft is mentioned: and whereas by one other aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, in-I Ct 24> tituled. An adt for granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of * * * * tunnage and poundage upon merchandizes imported, for the term ,of two years and three quarters, and an additional land

tax

Digitized by LjOOQle

1701.3	. Arfno primo Anna. flat. 2. c. 9.	487

tax for one year, for carrying on the war againft , a ther fubfidy of poundage was granted to his Majefiy after the rate of twelve pence for the value of every twenty /hillings, upon all manner of goods and merchandizes imported or brought into this realm, or any the dominions to the Tame belonging, at any time after the firjl day of May , one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, ana before the firjl day ^February, one thoufand fix hundredninety nine, according to the feveral and particular rates and values of the fame goods and merchandizes , as the fame are particularly and refpeftively rated and valued in the aforefaid book of rates \ which Jaid additional fubfidy of poundage hath been fince continued by divers afts, and is yet in forcey and to continue for and during the term of her Majefiy s life ; by reafon of which faid lafi mentioned ally and the feveral alls for continuing the faid additional fubfidies, all linens imported from Ireland do now/land charged with thejaid additionalfubfidy of twelve pence fox the value of every twenty /hillings of the fame goods imported, not-withfttinding the faid recited aft of the feventh year of his late Ma-pjtys reign, for encouraging the linen manufafture of Ireland; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and Hemp or flax, after the first day of March, in the year of our Lord one thou- .&c* maybe Arid feven hundred and two, all forts of hemp or flax, and all jJ^and frceT the production thereof, as thread, yarn and linen, imported in- * to England direCtly from Ireland, by any native or natives of England or Ireland, being of the growth and manufacture of Irer land, upon producing mdi certificates, and making fuch oath as in and by the faid aCt of the feventh year of his laid late Ma-jefty was and is required, (hall be free from the faid additional fubfidy of poundage, ahd all manner of cuftoms, duties and im-pofitions whatfoever; any aCt, cuftom, or ufage heretofore to the contrary thereof in ’any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. IX.

An all for puntfhing of acceffories to felonies, and receivers of fiolen goods, and to prevent the wilful burning and defiroying of /hips.

FORASMUCH as the counfellers and contrivers of theft and other felonies, and the receivers of goods that have been ftolen, are the principal caufe of the commijfion of fuch felonies; and as the law now is, no atceffory can be convifted or fujfer any puni/hment where the principal is not attainted, or hath the benefit of his clergy; . be "it therefore enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritiial and »x temporal, and commons, in this' prefent parliament afiemblec^,

-and by :the authority of the fame, that frorti and after the If principal twelfth day of February, which fhall be in the year of our Lord offender be ♦one thoufand feven hundred and two, if any principal offender lbafl be convicted of any felony, or fhall (land mute, or peremp- (halfbe lawful torily challenge above the number of twenty perforis .returned to proceed a-to ferve of the jury, it fhall and may be lawful to proceed againft g^nft acceffai-any acceffory, either before or after the faCt, in the fame man- v ^	I	i	4.	Her,

488

who on con-vision (hall fuffer the fame punifhment,

3&4W.&M. c. 9. f. 4.

Receivers of ftolen goods maybe punched, where the principal felon u not convicted.

Witneflesfor prisoner on trial for trea-fon or felony, (hall depofe on oajh, in fuch manner as the Queen’s wit-tieftes. Penalties if convicted of perjury.

Captain, matter, &c. wilfully catting away or burning, See. any (hip, (hall fuffer death.

Such offence Committed on the high feas may be tried in any fhire in England,

Anno primo Annje. ftat.2« c. 9.'	E1?01-

ner, as if fuch principal felon had been attainted thereof, notwithftanding any fuch principal felon (hall be admitted to the benefit of his clergy, pardoned, or otherwife delivered before attainder; and every fuch acceflory (hall fuffer the fame punifhment, if he or fhe be convicted, or (hall (land mute, or peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty persons returned to ferve of the jury, as he or fhe fhould have fuffered if the principal had been attainted.

II.	And forafmucb as buyers and receivers ofJlolen goods do oftentimes convey away and conceal the principal felons, fo that they cannot be convifted of fuch principal felony, and thereby fuch buyers and receivers have efcaped all manner of punijhment, which has greatly encouraged the buying and receiving of fuch Jlolen goods: for remedy whereof be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twelfth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and two, it fhall and may be lawful to profecute and punifh every fuch person and persons buying or receiving any ftolen goods, knowing the fame to be ftolen, as for a mifdemeanor, to be punifhed by fine and imprifonment, although the principal felon be not before convicted of the faid felony, which fhall exempt the offender from being punifhed as acceflory, if the principal fhall be afterwards convicted.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid twelfth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and two, all and every person and persons, who fhall be produced or appear as a witnefs or wit-nefles on the behalf of the prifoner, upon any trial for treafon or felony, before he or fhe be admitted to depofe, or give any manner of evidence, fhall first take an oath to depofe the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in fuch manner, as the witnefles for the Queen are by law obliged to do; and if convicted of any wilful perjury in fuch evidence, fhall fuffer all the punifhments, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, which by any of the laws andilatutes of this realm are and may be inflicted upon persons convicted of wilful perjury.	;

IV.	And for the; effectual preventing the wilful qafting away, burning, or otherwife deftroying, by matters and mariners, of fhips under their charge, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any captain, matter, mariner, or other officer belonging to any fnip, (hall, after the faid twelfth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and two, wilfully caft away, bum, or otherwife deftrpy the fhip unto which he belongeth, or procure the fame to be done, to the prejudice of the owner or owners thereof, or of any merchant or merchants that fhall load goods thereon, he (hall fuffer death as a felon.

V.	And be it further eqaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the faid offence and offences committed on the high feas, or where the admiralty hath jurifdiCtion, fhall be inquired, tried, heprd, determined, and judged, in fuch (hires and places in the realm, as fhall be lifnited by the Queer’s

.................... "	V	com-

Digitized by Google

'oi*3 Aimoprimo Anh^E. ftat,?. cip9 u.	4$9,

mmiflion under the great feal of England, in fuch manner aj. %% H g id form, as in and by an a<5l mqde ituthe twenty eighth year c*	'

; the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, is direded and >pointed for the trial of pirates; and that all and every person pcrfon con„ id persons, who, from and after the faid twelfth day or Februa- viaed thereof f, one thoufand feven hundred and two, lhall be convidfc of to fuffer death ny the faid offence or offences laft mentioned, or fhall ftand ^hhout benc-lute, or peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty ofclerSf* erfons returned to ferve of the jury, lhall fuffer death without •enefit of clergy.

CAP.X.

Ln a6t for the better repairing and amending the highways, from the north EXP. end of Thornwood Common, to Woodford in the county of Effex.

C A P. XI.

\n a£l for making the river Cham, alias Grant, in the county of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry, to the Queen’s Mill, in the univerfity and town of Cambridge.

Eleven confervators of the river Cham to be chofen, for making the river navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry, to the Queen’s MiH, Sec. who may open wears, locks, See. dig the banks, and erea wharfs, Sec. confervators to agree with owners of land. Sec. for damage*. Juftices, Sec. to determine differences between the ednfervators and owners. Such determination to bind all parties, and be recorded. On payment of monies agreed on, confervators may dig. See. confervators. See. to make orders for the ofderly ufage of the faid river, &c. Juftices of affize may relieve persons aggrieved. Univerfity may choofe one or more confer- . vators in cafe of death, Sec. and fo may juftices, &c. and the mayor and aldermen of Cambridge, Sec. Confervators fo chofen to have like power, Sec. and never to exceed eleven. After works are finifhed, confervators may furvey the river, Sec. and make orders, Sec. river, &c. to be under the fple rule, &c. of confervators, and not fubjeCt to any commiflion of (ewers. Tolls and duties to be paid for carrying goods or paffengers up or down the (aid river, viz. For every chalder of coals,

9d. hundred of deal boards, as. loador tun of timber, i s. laft of wheat, rye, or mefiedine, is. 6d. laft of oats, barley, or malt, is. thoufand of bricks, i s. thoufand of tiles, 6d. hundred of fedge, ad. tun of ftones or pebbles, i s. thoufand of turf, ad. load or twenty hundred of hay, 6d.	*

laft of feeds, is. 6d. tun of clay, or fand, 6d. hundred of fait fifh, i s. tun of iron, or lead, as. tun of fait, is. tun of wine, 48. tun of oil, vinegar, pitch, tar, or fope, is. tun of butter or cheefe, 1 s. hundred of fagots, ad. hundred of billets, ad. hundred of hops, 6d. tun of cyder, as. hundred pales, barrel, or hogfhead ftaves, 1 d. paffage boats, for each paffenger, 1 d. goods not here mentioned, 1 s. per tun. Right of the univeifity. See. faved. Confervators, &c. may appoint a collector, who (hall pay the monies received once in 14 days to the treafurer.

Collector, treafurer. Sec. to give fecurity, and may be removed, Sec.

Confervators may convey the duties for monies borrowed. How monies borrowed (hall be imployed. Duties (hall not be conveyed for more than a,cool. After principal and intereft (hall be difeharged, confervators to lay their accounts before the auditors, Sec. collector, Sec. may enter into any boat. Sec. and in cafe duty be not paid, boat, Sec. may be flopped, and diftrefs fold. Once a year infpe&ion to be made - of all receipts and dilburfements, Scc. in St. Mary’s Church in Cam-, bridge. Auditors to pafs the accounts, and the fame to be entred in three books, which may be infpe&ed gratis. Watermen, Sec. may ufe	**

winches, Sec. Matters of lighters, boats. Sec. refponfible for damages, tec. Height of the tops of wears, fafles. Sec. In the abfence of chancellor, vice chancellor to aCt, Sec. Confervators to choofe collector, receiver, treafurer, Sec. and make orders, Sec* Univerfity, &c. may alter of vacate fiich orders, and remove colIc&Qrs, kc.

CAP.

49^	• Aitrt6 prrmo AnUJE; ftat. i. G.12.	[17°T.

C A P. XH.

An aft forthe fmfhing and adorning the cathedral church , 7; of Saifft PaulV, London.

WH E R.E A S the revenue already granted far rebuilding and adorning the cathedralxhurch of faint Paul's, London, is net ' fufficient to compleat the fame's? and it being alfe requifite to remove the houfes. between tbe.nortbfde of. the faid cathedral church? and the alleys called New Jewry and Pilling Alley, which by their nearnefs thereto expofe it to apparent danger in cafe of ftrey the pur-Chafe and renioval whereof will be an additional expenee\ and the faid building being ntrtv fo far advanced, that it may in few years be perfected, if vigorously carried on\ be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual arid terrtpord, and the commons, in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame; For all coals That for all forts of coals and culm, which from and after die 1708^^1 7^!s! fifteenth day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and eight, brought to7the and before the fifteenth day of Mayr one thoufand leven hundred port of Lon- and fixteen, lhall be imported or brought into the port of the don or the faid city of London, or the^ river of Thames, within the liberty of be paidthe 1	«pon the fame river, there lhall be paid, by way of

rates follow- impofition thereupon, over and befides all other impofitiods arid ing, viz. duties, according to the rates hereafter mentioned, (that is to fay) for all fuch forts of coals and culm as are ufually fold by For every	chaldeT,	for every chalder thereof, containing thirty fix

chalder of bulhels Winchejier meafure, the fum of two lhillings; and for coals or culm, fuch fort of coals as are fold by the tun, for every tun thereof, containing twenty hundred weight, the fum of two (hillings; the tun asby wkich faid impofition of two (hillings for every chalder of coals per tun! \ or culm, or tun of coals, lhall, from time to time, during the in what man- term aforelaid, be levied, anfwered, collected, and paid, in the ^■ duties fame* manner, methods, and form, and at fuch places, and by mall be levied, fucjjr: njies^ ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and The powers forfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled, or directed in and by an in i Jac. 2. c. ad of parliament paffed at JVeJlminJler, in the first year of the revived, reign or King James the Second, intituled, An act for rebuilding, fmfhing and adorning of the cathedral church of Saint PauFr, London, for levying, anfwering, colleding, and paying, the '/	impofition of eighteen pence for every chalder or tun of coals

granted by the faid recited ad; and that all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, and claufes in the faid recited ad mentioned or contained, (hall be of fuch force and effed to all intents and purpofes, for the levying, colleding, paying, ordering, and difpofing of the impofition hereby granted, for and during the faid term herein before limited, as if the fame were particularly and at large fet down and enaded by this ad.

Money bow II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, appropriated. That all and every fuch fum and fums erf money which (hall be

railed

Digitized by Google

ijtei.} Attno*pfifho AdHiB.	c.	i&	4gr

raifed, cojlefted, or levied by virtuiof this aft, Shall be appro*-

Sd, applied, and difpoied to the compleating, adorning, ng, and preferving the foicf cathedral church of Saint Paul's, and* to no other ufe of purpolfe whatfoever: and that the lord archbiihop of Canterbury, lord bilhop of London, and Jbrd1 mayor of London, for the time being, or any two of them,'

(hall haye the like Dowers and authorities for the ordering, direfting, and difponng of the monies arifing by virtue of this afSt, for the purpofe before mentioned, as they had by the faid former aft, for the ordering, direfting,, and difpofmg of the piornes arifing thereby.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority ^forefaid, Commlffaapn* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord archbiihop may apprcroii. of Canterbury, lord bimop of London. and lord mayor pf London, *tc fo mudi: for the time being, or any two of them, to contraft. for and p^rc^feii* > pprchafe, and to appropriate, by warrant under their hands the buildings $nd feals, fo much monies arifing by the duties granted by thistabedemolifli* aft, as (hall be fufficient for the contracting fcir, purchafing, ed< *c* -and demoliChing all the faid houfes and buildings, with their appurtenances, which are now erefted, and (landing between tne north fide of the iaid cathedral church and the laid alleys called New Jewry and Pifftng Alley; and that the ground of the New jewiy, faid houfes and yards thereunto belonging (when purchafed) Piffing Alley, (Hall be and remain for ever after free From any future building whatfoever, except as herein after is excepted: and alfo all houfes, buildings, and (beds, made ufe of for watch-houfes, Houfe«, (hedf, or any officers of the faid fabrick, for the building thereof,

(hall at fuch time as the faid lord archbiihop of Canterbury,p	*

lord bilhop of London, and lord mayor of London, for the time

being, or any two of them (hall appoint, be pulled and taken

down, and that the ground or foil thereof (hall be laid to, andan(j ground

rpplain as part of the church yard of the faid cathedral church: laid to the

pnd that for the making the more regular the faid church yard,church yard.

the lord archbiihop of Canterbury, lord bilhop of London, and

lord mayor of London, fpr the time being, or any two of

ihall have power to treat and agree with the? refpeftive veftries wjt^ ^ ^ j

of the parishioners of Saint Gregory and Saint Faith, for exchang- (tries of St.

ing their places of burial in the church yard, and vaults under Gregory and

the cathedral church of Saint/Ws, for other equivalent

'and vaults belonging to the faid cathedral, or elfewhere in theirburial

the faid parities: and all the faid ground and vaults, as well places, &c. -

that to he received in exchange, as of the houfes, buildings,

•apd (hedi aforefaid, Ihall be deemed and reputed the church yard and burying ground of the cathedral church of Saint Pauli.

IW And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That at fuch time as the faid lord archbiihop of Canterbury, lord bilhop of London, and lord mayor of London, for the time • being* or any two of them, Ihall think fit, the faid church yard ^ ^ vanj (hall be inclofed or feparated from the high ftreet, and that notobe incloftd, boufe or building whatfoever (hall hereafter be erefted in or and no build-upon any part of the fold church yard, except a plate for the mg hefted

meet* thereon,

Digitized by Google

49,2	Anno primo Annas* flat, 2. a %zl	[ 1701.

ccpt a chapter 9'C0t]nS °f the chapter of the (aid cathedral church, and for houfe, &c. keeping the (tores for the neceflary repairs of the faid church, or ftorehoufe. which may be built by arid with part of the money to be raifed by virtue of this adt. . And if any houfe or building ’ ihall hereafter be eredted in or upon any part thereof, except as before excepted, the fame (hall be taken and efteemed a common riufance, and be profecuted and punilhed as fuch.

V.	And whereas fame of the houfes and grounds, which may be

pur chafed and made ufe of for fe curing the faid cathedral from accidents of fire, and for regulating the church yard as aforefaid, do or may	belong to the fee of London, dean and chapter, or *petty

'	canons,	of the faid cathedral, in right of the faid fee, chapter, and

’ church-> be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That any fale the bHhbpcJ niade by the lord biftiop of London, dean and chapter, or petty Ldndon, &t. canons, of any fuch houfes and grounds for the purpofes afore-(haH be good faid, (hall be good and valid in the law, and Ihall bind them and u r thc*r fucceff°rs, any ftatute of reftraint to the contrary notwith-moTi^ftiall landing: and that the lord archbilhop of Canterbury, lord be applied,	bilhop	of London, and lord mayor of London, for the time being,

or any	two of them, (hall apply and lay out the monies which

(hall be paid for the purchafe of the eftate and intereft of the faid lord brihop of London, dean and chapter, or petty canons, in (he faid houfes and grounds belonging to the faid fee of London, the faid dean and chapter, and petty canons, or any of them, for the purchafing of lands and tenements in fee fimple, to be fettled upon them refpedtively, and upon their refpedtive fucceflors, in right of the faid church; which faid purchafe • - and fettlements (hall be valid in law to all intents and pur-.pofes, the ftatute of mortmain, or any other ftatute, law, or cuftom notwithftanding.

VI.	And forafntuch as it is the intention of this aft, that the rebuilding of the faid cathedral church of St. Paul’j be fpeedily compleated, which will fave much charge and expence, that would be unavoidable, in cafe of a flow and dilatory progrefs; be lt enadted

may engage J by the authority aforefaid, That the faid lord archbi(hop of the profits, &c. Canterbury, lord bilhop of London, and lord mayor of London9 for the time being, or any two of them, (hall, and are hereby impowered, by indenture under their hands and feals, to engage the profits arifing out of the refpedtive impofitions by this adt, or any part or parts thereof, as a fecurity for the repayment of any fum or fums of money by them to be borrowed for the ends and purpofes of this adt, with intereft for forbearance of the fame (the irtfereft whereof to grow due before the commencement or the duty hereby impofed, (hall and may be paid out of the monies arifing by the duties given by an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of the late King William %W. 3. c. 14. the Third, intituled, An act for compleating the building and adorning the cathedral church of Saint PaulV London, and for repairing .[ the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Weftminfter; fo as fuch payments do not prejudice any persons who have already advanced any fums on the credit of the faid laft mentioned

- duties)

How intereft fliall be paid.

493

> * f

51.3	Anrib primo AtiN.®. ftat 2. C.13.

ies) to any person 'or persons, that (hall or will advance or d any fum or Turns‘of money upon fuch fecurity: all which *ney fo to be Jborrowed, (hall "be imployed for and towards ^rrowc°d (hall ►uilding, finiftiing, adorning, and, fecuring the faid cathedral be imployed. * arch, and for contracting for, purchafing, and demoliftiing i adjacent houfes and buildings aforefaid; as alfo for inclofing d regulating the church yard of the faid cathedral church, wording to the true intent and meaning of this aCt.	t

C A P. XIII.

n a£t for continuing former afts for exporting leather, and	-1

for eafe of jurorsy and for reviving and making more ef~ feftual an oft relating to vagrants.	<

TZHEREAS divers temporary laws, which by experience ary V V found to be ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring; there->re for continuing the fame, be it enaCted by the Queen’s molt tcellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the >rds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent . arliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That n a6t made in the twentieth year of the reign of King Charles lie Second, intituled. An act for giving liberty to buy. and export %9 Car. c. 5. ?.at her, and Jkins tanned and drejjed \ which aCt was revived >y gn aCl In the first year of the reign of the late King fames\ 1 Jac. 1. c. ij. vhich adts were revived and continued by an a# made in the 1 W. St M. fl. irft year of the late King William and Queen Mary \ which ads x* c# *3# vere revived and continued by another aCt in the feventh and -	'

fighth years of the reign of King Wiliam the Third, intituled,

An act for continuing feveral afts therein mentioned \ which ac5l 7 &8 W. 3. c. will expire the end of the first feffion of parliament next after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and continued^or three, (hall be continued, and be in force for the fpace of feven 7 yws, years, from the end of that feffion of parliament, and from EXP* k thence to the end of the first feffion of parliament thence next enfuing,	-	.

II.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That an

a61 made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King 7&$w.3.e.s*. William the Third, intituled, An act for the eafe of jurors, and concerning ju-better regulating of juries \ which	a6t will expire at the end ries,continue^

of the next feffion of parliament after the firii day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and three, (hall be, and is hereby {jccTjuc. 3711 continued for the fpace of feven	years, from the expiration

thereof, and from thence to the	end of the next feffion of

parliament.

III.	And whereas divers persons within the county of York, liable to ferve on juries at affixes and feffions of the peace (having very confiderable ejlates in freehold and. copyhold) do for their own Uafe prevail with Jheriffs to be returned and fummonea to the fervice of the feffion s, being nigh their habitations, and the attendance there Ihrt, which often necejfitates men of meaner ejlates to be on juries at the affixes, than othenwife might and ought / to be, where the confmablefi men of ejlates, liable to the faid fervice, ought in their

legal

Digitized by Google

494	Anno	primo	AtmM+:	flat.	.2,	C.13.	[1701#

legal courfe to be returned, fummoned, and to ferve: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majefiy. by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and persons in the temporal, and the commons,, in parliamentaffembled, 'Fhat * h^v?ng°an e- no P^00 interefted in fuph eftate as will qualify him to fervp ftateof 150I. on juries, of the clear yearly value of one hundred,and fifty perann. &c. pounds, or of any greater yearly value/ (haft., be ~returned fliall not here-fcrni fummoned to ferve upon any jury, at ^ airy feffions of the rieTat the ft?- Peace Holden'for any part! of the county of Tori, upon the fions, &c.	"penalty of twenty pounds, to-be forfeited by any fheriff.

Penalty.	under (heriff, or other officer whatfbever, tnakihg fuch rfethm

and fummons as aforefaid, to .be recovered toand for the ufe of any person that will fpe- fpr the fjame,many qf the courts of record at Wijlminjier, by. adion of debt, bill, nlaipt, inforou-, tion, or otherwife, Whereip nb effoin, prottf^ibn, priviJfe^e, or wager of law, or more than ode Imparlance (hall bd allowed.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the atithbrity aforelaki. That an ad made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the late

ii	& la W. 3. Xing William the Third, intituled, An act for the more effeftual c. 18. concern - punijhment of vagrants, and fending therri Whither by law they condnue^for io fent> which ad will expire at the end ot the next •3 yeari,	feflion of parliament after the twenty fofatth day of Juhey one

EXP.	thoufatid (even hundred and three, be continued for the (pace

of three years from the expiration thereof, and from thence tp ■ the end of the next feffiop of parliament.

V.	And whereas the faid aft has refpeft ohly to jiich vagrants as to all*vagrantsare foun^ i0 have pajjes, tejlimonids, letters of fequejl, or other v^^tfopvcr;1 * writings, pretending thereby either to be reliibea of conveyed ; be it far thefe *. enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid ad . (hall be, claufesconcern- and be conftfued to extend to all vagrants whatfoever, whether *?£eva^^^* With pafles or without.

f, if* VI. And whereas feveral great fums of mdhey, ftnee the making the faid aft, have been levied and expended for the conveying of vagrants, and that fome jujliees of the peace give greater allowances to confables for conveying vagrants than may feem to be necejfary, and that the owners of horjes, waggons, carts, or other necejfary r	carriages for conveying fuck vagrants, are often extravagant in thetr

rates and demands: for remedy whereof, add for better regulating atrer an<* afcerta^n'ng fuch allowances, be it enaded by the authority fiions^ofet aforefaid. That the juftices of the peace at the first quarter down the rates feflioris that (hall* be held for the feveral counties, ridings, for conveying divifions, and liberties, after the commencement of this .ad:, vagrants, wherein they are commiflioned toad, and fo yearly, at every 1wforcedby Rafter feffions, during the continuance of this ad, are hereby 5 Annae,c. 31.empowered and required to afeertain and fet down the feveral C 5*	rates that (hall for the year enfuing be allowed for maintaining

and conveying, and carrying of fuch vagrants as (hall be palled or carried through their refpedive counties, ridings, divifions? and liberties; of which faid rates the clerks of the peace are hereby required to give copies to each ju(lice gratis, that they may accordingly regulate the allowances which they (hall have

occalion

1701.]	Anno	primo	ANN^E. ftat. 2. 0*14.	49$

occafron to tax, upon the back of the certificates by them to be.	?

given to the feveral petty conftables.

VII.	And it is hereby further enadfed, That no chief, or No high con-high conftable (half pay the rates taxed upon the certificates fes fffi brought to them by their petty conftables, unlefs they (half, at conftable pfo- : the fame time, produce to them a receipt from the conftables of ducea receipt * the adjacent counties, to whom they are ordered to deliver &c.

the faid vagrants, of their having received fuch Vagrant or . vagrants diredted to be conveyed to them by the faid order; which faid conftables of the faid adjacent counties are hereby required to receive the faid vagrant Or vagrants, and at thp fame time to give fuch receipt, as hereby h required.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enacted,' That if any chief conftable, petty conftable, or other fuch officer, (half refufe conftable, &c. or negledt to do their feveral duties by this adt enjoined, refuting to do they (haH for every offence forfeit the ium of twenty (hillings; his duty, which faid feveral forfeitures and penalties (hall be recovered

and recoverable as other forfeitures and penalties by this or the former adt are appointed to be recovered.

CAP. XIV.

An act for encouraging the confumption of matted earn* and for the betterpreventing the running of French arid foreign . brandy*

WHEREAS/^ making of Englifh brandy dtii Jlrong waters from malted corn, hath been encouraged by feveral afts of parliament, wherebygreat quantities of the Work fort of malted com,	7	T

not ufeful to the brewers, hath been yearly cofijumed by thofe who fet up works for that purpofe: and whereas the confumption 0/Enghfh brandy and Jlrong waters, made from malted corn, hath ..of late years been greatly hindred, as well by the running of French and other foreign brandies, as alfo by a claufe in an aft made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of his late Majejly's reign, intituled,

An adt for granting unto his Majesty feveral duties upon low . wines or fpirits of the first extradtion, and for continuing other duties, whereby all dijlillers and tradefmen, who fell brandy or Jlrong f.3, g, repealed! water by retail, are compelled to take licences as common alehoufe keepers: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the Queen*s mod excellent majefty^ by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That as fpr and concerning all diftillers who keep houfes or places of diftilling the liquors aforefaid, and alfo all other (hop-keepers whofe principal dealings (hall be more in other goods and merchandizes than in brandy or ftrong waters, and who do not permit or fuffer tippling in his or their houfes, the faid claufe in tbe faid recited adt, for compelling all diftillers and others to take licences as common alehoufe keepers, (hall be repealed, and the fame claufe is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons (hall, at any time hereafter,

import.

Digitized by Google

'* Anno primo Annjb. ftat. 2. c. 15.	[1761.

French brandy import, land, or deliver out of any (hip, vdlel or boats, any French brandy, before the duty due or payable to her Majesty duty pa^0/:c. for the fame mail be paid, or tecured to be paid, or by licence femited. *	* from the proper officer fo to do, every person or persons that

Penalty on AwU fc> do, or be aiding or affiliing therein, or (hall conceal persons aiding the fame when landed, mall not only forfeit the goods fo im-therein, See. ported, but alfo forfeit and pay double the value of fuch goods fo clandeftinely imported; one moiety whereof, after charges of fuit deducted, (hall be paid to her Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the informer, who (hall fue for the fan*e in any of fter Majesty’s courts c>f record, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin^ prote&ion, or wager of law fliall andoirofficer be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance: and if any conceding the 0fgcer officers belonging to her Majesty’s cuftoms or excife, femc#	or other her Majesty’s duties or revenues, (hall connive at, or

be concerned in any fuch clandeftine importation, or after he fhall be informed thereof fhall conceal the fame, or not give notice thereof to her Majesty’s commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife, or feme of them, or (hall compound, without licence, with any person or persons concerned in any fuch clandeftine importation of French brandy, fuch person arid persons fhall be incapible of executing any office in her Majesty’s revenue, and (hall alfo forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided as aforefaid. *

CAP. XV.

EXP.	An act for granting to her Majesty feveral fubfidies for carrying on the

war againft France and Spain,

Stock in tr^de to pay 50 s. per cent, for one year. Except malt and corn, Sec. Stock in hufoandry, houfhold fluff, aiid capital ftock of corporations. Mortgages, judgments, ftatutes, bonds, &c. to pay 25 s. per cent, for one year. Except debts owing from her Majesty, and arrears of rent. A deduftion for debts owing at intereft. Annuity, penfion. Sec. out of the Exchequer, to pay 4 s. in the pound for one year. Except out of lands, &c, fpecially exempted. persons having fee or falary, &c. arifing by offices eccleiiaftical, civil, or military, to pay 1 s. in the pound for one year* And officers under Queen dowager, and under lord* of manors, &c. and their clerks, deputies, &c. Except officers in mufter. Prafticers in the law. Preacher* in feparate congregations. Brokers, faftors, &c. Prafticers in phyfick, arid other profeflions, to pay 4 s. in the pound for one year. Commiffioners for this year’s land tax to execute this aft, and to meet on 6 April, 1703. and may fub-a nn_ Aaf> divide. Receiver general to have a lift of the commiffioners to aft in c *	**	each	divifion.	Subfidies	to	be	duly	afleffed.	Commiffioners to fummon

#	afleffors,	and	give	them	a	charge.	Penalty	on abfenting, or refufing to

ferve. Commiffioners to appoint afleffors, and prefix a day for to bring in their affeffments, diftinguifhing in columns the rates upon ftock in trade, debts at intereft, penlions and annuities, offices, &c. Profeflions. Afleffors to affefs the fame, and be colleftors. Parifh, &c. anfwerabie for colleftor. Penalty on affeffor neglefting or refufing to ftrve, See. Afleffors to take the oath 1 W. & M. c. S. Commiffioners mav examine the prefenters, and fummon fufpefted persons to be examined, See. and inform themfelves on oath of any omiffion or under affeffments,. and fet rates. Afleffors to give copies of their affeffments to commiffioners, who are to deliver' back duplicates thereof to the * afleffors, and to the receivers general. Extrafts of all afleffments to be , delivered into the Exchequer. Colleftors to demand tfie money of the parties themfelves, and pay the fame to the receivers general. Receivers

general

J^oi.] Anno primo Annje. ftat<a. c.i	477„

fencral to apitoiht deputies, and notify the fame to the qommiffioners, ec. and haften the colleftors, and in cal? of neglect, Sec. to digram.

Receiver general's receipt a difcharge to collectors. Collectors not obliged to travel above ten miles ; and may retain 4,d. in the pound ‘ for what they collect. Receivers general to pay the monies into the Exchequer, and to have ad. in the pound, Commiffioners clerks three 'half pence in the pound. Commiflioners, Sec. to apply themfelves to the execution of this aft. On nonpayment collectors to diftrain.

IHftrefs to be kept-four days, and then fold. Lawful to break open houfes, and any cheft, Sec. Commiflioners to determine difputes about diftrefles. persons refufing to pay, to be committed to gaol, except a peer'or pee refs. Parents, Sec. to pay for minors, and be allowed the lame in their accounts. persons, See. having flock of others, to pay, and be allowed, See. persons, &c. to be taxed where they refide, &c.

• Officers, See. to be aflefled where exercifed. persons not houiholders,

.where they refide. persons out of the realm, where they laft refided,

' persons doubly charged, on certificate and oath to be difeharged.

Perfons who by fraua (hall efcape being taxed to be doubly charged*

' Commiflioners to nominate aflefTors and colleftors for privileged and extraparochial places, and affefs the aflefTors. The Eaft India com*

• panics, the bank, and companies of merchants in London, to be * aflefled by the commiflioners of London^ Treafurers of the companies to pay the tax. Members of parliament where to be aflefled. Traders,

&c. to give the afleflors a particular of their flock, Sec. AflefTors may enter into any fhop, Sec. persons refufing entrance, forfeit 501. If ; aflefTors fufpeft the particulars, to aflefc according to the belt of their judgments. Commiflioners to examine the afleflments, Sec. persons in titled to debts at intereft, to deliver a fpecification of the debts i and Of the persons liable to the fame. Sec. Commiflioners to fign attefted copies of the fpecifications. Upon oath that debts are defperate, com-miffioners to difcharge. Sec. Lands, Sec. in pofleflion of any person fat • debts. Set. Inch debts not to be charged. persons beyond fea, and minors, having money at interdt, truftees or guardians to pay the duties. persons over-rated ir^ay appeal. Commiflioners to examine the afTefTments. Appeals once heard ta be final. Mailer, fellow, Sec. pf colleges exempted from tax. None compelled to be an affi*flor, Sec. out of the limits of the place where he lives t nor liable to the. penalties •‘ of 25 Car. %. c. a. or to the penalties it W. 3. c. 6. NacomraifRoner ’to acl before he has taken the oaths 1 W. & M. IT. 1. c. t. Aft not to ' the inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey, or Guernfey. Papi|s,

* Sec, not taking the oaths, to pay double, 1 /W* Sc M. IT. 1. c. 8. Perfo/is _ refufing to take the oaths appointed, by 1 W. Sc M. IT. 1. c. 8. to pay double. Commiffioners to lummon fiifpefted persons to take the oaths4 * Quakers to fubferibe the declaratioh of fidelity, 1 W. & M. ff. t. c. 38*

Annuities to prince George not chargeable. No fuperannuated fea	v

officers, Sec. to pay. Refidentiaries not chargeable as enjoying of-1 Ann*,rat. t# fices, Sec. Claufe of loan at 5 per cent. Money lent not to be taxed.	t

. Tallies of loan, and orders for repayment, to be regiftered and paid in 1 courfe. Orders for payment affignable.	c,,<

■ CAP. XVI.	-	__p

.An act for punifhing officers or foldiers who (hall mutiny or defert her liAr*

Ma jelly's fervire in England or Ireland, and for punching falfe mufters, and for better payment of quarters in England.

Officers or foldiers caufing any mutiny. Or who (hall defert, .or be twice lifted, to fufFer death, Sec. The Queen, Sec. may grant commiffiona to hold courts martial, not to confittof fewer than thirteen, &c. Officers, Sec. not exempt from procefs of law. This aft not to extend to the militia. An oath to be taken by officers of the court martial.

Penalty on making falfe mufters, Sec. and on commiflary allowing the fame. Commiflary to give notice before mufter to the mayor. Sec.

Penalty on person falfely muftered, &c. and on person lending a horfe to be muftered. Penalty on pavmafter, &c. detaining officers or foldiers pay; Penalty on office^ muftering fervants, or by a wrong name* ' r^r a c Poring, this aft, conftables. Sec. may quarter foldiers in inns. Scc. •	*	‘

vot.x.	Kk	,	Penalty

Digitized by Google

49*

ij W. j.c.6.

tAnnae, flat V. C. 21.

Anno primo Anna, ftat.4-c.Tjr. [*701.

Penalty on military officer prefuming to quarter foldier* othermic than allowed. Officer, fee. to pay for provifions, See. No deductions to be made out of foldiers pay except for clothing, and nd. in the pound, and one day's pay, See. Aft to be read at every mufter. Officer on receipt of fubfiftence money for regiment, See. to give notice thereof to inn keepers, See. who ffiall give an account of debts owing, See. Officer to pay the fame. All clothes, arms. Sec. ffiall be boughMn England, and not elfewhere. Mufter rolls to be*clofed on the place of mutter; and one of them returned to the pay matter of the army. Jufbccs to tffiie out warrants for providing carriages for the forces iq their marches, Sec. Rates to be paid for carriages, Sec. Penalty on military officer, fee. forcing waggon to travel more than one day's journey. Sec. No officer's \ or fokuer’s wife, children, fee. to be quartered wit nout confent. Penalties oh officer or foldier dfeftroying the game, Sec. Penalty ooperfons concealing deferters, or buying any arms, clothe*. Sec. Inhabitants of Epfom, Sec. not liable to quarter foldiers, Sec. Officer «or foldier oorrefpondiiig with any rebel or the Queen's enemy, Scc. guilty of high treafim. Or fhall caufe any mutiny in the army, or difobey mperior officer, &c. or ftrike or draw upon him, 8ec. guilty of felony, dec. Treafoos and felonies, Sec. committed, may be tried in the King's Bench, &c. 'Phis aft not to abridge The Queen of making articles of war, &c. Queen may grant a commiffion for holding a court-martial in England, Sec. for trying offences committed out of the realm, fee. Officer or foldier deferring beyond fea, and efcaping into England, &c. may be lent back to his regiment, Sec. and there tripd. No person to be tried twice for the fame offence. No attainder for felony to corrupt the blood of heir,, fee. persons indifted of treafon, fee. to have the benefit of the aft, 7 W. 3. c. 3. Marine regiments and trains of artillery fubjeft to the penalties of this aft, fee. Debts owing for quarters by the invalids of Cbelfea, (hall be paid. Felons, fee. convifted, may be delivered Out of priibn, on view of a warrant under the Queen's lign manual for a pardon, fee. Pardon to be inrolled. So much as relates to mutineers, fee. tg extend to the forces in Ireland.

CAP. XVII.

An alt for enlarging the time for taking the oath of abjuration \ and alfo for ftcapacitating and persons as have not taken the fame by the time limited, and jhall take the fame by a time to be	;	and	‘

the further Jeeurity of her

teflon of the	crown in the p ; and for

guifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and ail other pretenders, and their open	abettors.	j

VTyHEREAS	by an aftmade in the thirteenth year of the reign	j

VV of his late Majefey King William the Third,	|

An alt for the farther fecurity of his Majesty’s person, and the faefceffion of the crown in the proteftant line; and for extin- 1 gui ihing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other' pretenders, and their open ana fecret abettors one other aft made in the	firftyear of the reign of her prefent MtjeJij,

declaring the alterations of the oath in the fata recited aft contained, feveral of her	faid	Majejhfs fubjefts are obliged	to take	and

the oath therein mentioned, by certain times limited and appointed in the faid firjl recited aft, who have, through ignorance or jniflakt, or by the not duly holding the courts where the feme ought to have bem taken y or for feme other fetch like reafens, omitted or neglefted to take

I

ijQti} Anno primo Annjb. ftat.2. cfi7*

end fubferibe the fend oath, and art thereby fubjeft and Uabte to tht abilities, incapacities, and penalties in the faid afts contained $ be it therefore cna&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majeftyy by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That if any person or per- persons who , Hons who ought to have taken and fubferibed the faid oath) t^chave with the alterations in the faid laft mentioned a<5t contained, 0ath, &c. may in the manner, at the places, and by the times in the faid take’the fame fcrft recited a<ft limited, (hall, on or before the first day of by i Aug. Auguft* which (hall be in the year of bur f>ord one thoufand170**

(even hundred and three, take and fubferibe the faid oath, fo altered at aforefaid, in fuch manner, and at foch places, as in and by the faid fevdral sufts is prefcribed, ftich person and pen- * fpns is, are, and (hall be (for fuch neglect or omiffion only) t r ,1 by this adt indemnified from and againft. all the penalties, for-and be indent* futures, incapacities* and difabilities incurred by fuch miftake, ficd> negledt, or omiffion, and is, are, and (hall be fully* and actually f ©capacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and condition, andrewpact-tp all intents and purpofes, at if fuch person or persons hadtat ’ c* taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, in- fuch manner, at fuch places* and within fitch times as by the laid feveral adta is pre* fcribed* and no fuch mif&ke, negledt, or omiffion had beert made any thing in the faid feveral a£ts to the contrary thereof in any wife notvrtthftandmg.	r"

. IL; Provided always. That no person or persons, who byrea^ Except to of-fixt of. .any (uch miftake, negledt, of omiffion, hath or have left fice, &c. to or forfeited any office, benefice, place, dignity or imployment uhiu w^nother whatfoever, to which any other person or persons hath oHiave feared.CD been preferred or promoted, (hall be reftored to fuch office, be-pefice, place, dignity, or imployment; any thing herein con-	ft;

tained to the contrary notwithftanding.	\

III. And for the further fecurity of her Majesty’s perfdn, and the fiiccefilon of the crown in the proteftant line, and far ex-tinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all pther pretenders,, and their open and fecret abettors, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or Anv person persons, at any time after the first day of March, onetfioufand endeavouring feven hundred and two, (hall endeavour to deprive or hinder fuccei^ any person who (hall be the next in fiiccefilon to the crown for t0 thecrown the time being, according to the limitations in an a<ft, intituled, from fucceed* An aft declaring the rights and liberties ofthe fubjeft, and fettling ing according the fuaeffm of the crown; and according to one other act, in- ^ £ a# ti tilled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better c/9r fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, from fucceeding n & ij W. ^ after the deceafe of her Majesty (whom God long preferve) to c* ** the imperial crown of this realm, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging, according to the limitations in the	:i

before mentioned afts; that is to fay, (uch iflue of her Majesty’s body, as (hall from time to time, be. next in fucceffion to the crown, if it (hall pleafe God Almighty to blefs her Majesty

with iflue; and during the time her Majesty (hall have no iflue,' the princefs Sophia, eleAorefs and duchefs aowager of Hanover; and after the deceafe of the faid princefs Sophia, the next in fuc-ceflion to the crown for the time being, according to the limitation (hall be deem- Gf the faid alts; and the fame malicioufly, advifedly, and directly bigfiUtreafon, attemPt by any oyert-alt or deed, every fucn offence (hall * *	*	be adjudged high-treafon, and the offender or offenders there-

in, their abettors, procurers, and comforters, knowing the faid offence to be done,/.being thereof convilted or attainted, according to the laws and .ftatptes1 of this realm, (hall bi deemed and adjudged traitors, and (hall fuffer pains of death, death, &c.	^ i0flfes an(j forfeitures,, as in cafes of high treafon.

All persons in IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,-office, &c. in That all and every person and persons that (hall bear any office take the oath, Gr offices* military or civil, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee,

■ 9 or wages, by reafon of , any patent or grant, from her Majesty, or any of her MajestyVpredeceflfors, or (hall have commander place of truft from or under her Majesty, or from any of her Majesty’s predeepflors, or by her or their authority, or by authority derived from her or them, within the realm of Ireland,

Sd all ecclefiaftical persons, and mafter, governor, head or low pf the college pr univerfity of Dublin, and all persons Reaching pupils in the faid univerfity or elfewhere, and aJi fchooh matters and ufhers, and all preachers and teachers of feparate congregations, and every person that (hall alt as a ferjeant at law, counfeHer at law, barrifter, advocate, attorney, folicitor, proltor, clerk, or notary, pra&ifing in any manner . as fuch in any court or courts wnatfoever, who (hall inhabit^ be, or refide within the city of Dublin, or within thirty miles of the fame, on the first day of Eajler term, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, wurtithere or at any ^mc during the faid term, (hall perfonaUy appear * beforo.the end of the faidtterm, or in Trinity term then next following, in her Majesty’s high court of Chancery in that kingdom, or in her Majesty’s court of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, pr Exchequer there; and (hall then m publick:.f and open court,' fl: . between the hours of nine of the clock and twelve in the fore^

-	noon, take the oath according to the alterations thereof in the

• faid two .firft mentioned aAs contained, urito which oath (b hij i»i»e P1*>C* ta^en> ?yery fqch perfon. (p,taking thfe fame, (hall fubferibe his 9. name, or make his mark, and during the time, of taking fuch oath, all pleas and proceedings in the faid refpeltive courts (hall ceafej and all and every the faid refpeltive .perfons not having

*£ • ..... taken the faid oath, and fubferibed the fame, as aforefeid, (hall

•	on or before the first day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one

ker^effioiS*^ t^ou^ant^ feven hundred and three, at the general quarter feffions for the county, barony, or place in the faid kingdom of Ireland, where he or they (hall be, inhabit, or refide, on the twentieth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, take the faid oath in open court, between

the faid hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and fubfcribe his name or make his mark under the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, All persons That all and every person and perfotis that (hall be admitted,tbet cntred, placed, or taken into any office or offices, civil or mi- &c.m° litary, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee, or wages, by reafon of in Ireland, to any patent or grant from her Majesty, or fhall have command, take the (aid or place of truff from or under her Majesty, or by her authority, oath>

Prby authority derived from her, within the fajd realm of Ireland, after the first day of Eafler term aforefaid, (hall take and fubfcribe the faid oatn, at the fame time that he or they (hall

' take the oaths, and make and fubfcribe the declaration required and appointed to be taken, made, and fubfcribed, by, an aft made in the third year of the reign of their late Majefties King 3W&.M,c.*„, William and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for the abrogating perT the oath of fupremacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths j and fon% * all ecclefiaftical persons, every matter, governor, head, or fel- Pra&icersof] Jow of the college or univerfity of Dublin, and all persons teach- the Uw,fcc. ing pupils in the faid univeruty, or elfewhere, and all fehool-mafters or.ufhers, and all preachers and teachers of feparat© congregations, and every person who fhall aft as ferjeant at law, counfeller at law, barrifter, advocate, attorney, folicitor, proftor, clerk, or notary, by praftifing in any manner as fuch, in any court or courts whatfoever, who fhall, at any time after the first day of Eafler term aforefaid, be admitted unto or enter upon any of the before mentioned preferments^ benefices, offices, or places, or fhall come into any fuch capacity, or fhall take upon him	1

or them any fuch praftice, imployment, or bufinefs, as aforefaid, fhall, after h^ or they fhall be admitted into or enter upon any fuch preferment, benefice, office, or, place, or come into fuch capacity, or take upon him or them fuch praftice, im-ployment, or bufinefs, as aforefaid, take and fubfcribe the faid oath in the next terra, in one of the faid courts, or at the next general quarter feffions erf the county, barony or place in the faid kingdom where he or they fhall refide, after he-or they ihall be admitted into or enter upon any fuch preferment, ben nefice, office, or place, or come into any fuch capacity, or take ,	>

upon him or them fuch praftice, imployment, or bufinefs, as aforefaid. ,	»	,

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the person Penalties ©n ^ and persons aforefaid, that door fhall negleft or refufe to take P^[ons n£g~* the faid oath, and fubfcribe thereunto in the faid courts andle^m£> places, and at the refpeftive times aforefaid, fhall incur, be

fubjeft and liable unto the forfeitures, penalties,, and difabilities 1 in the faid first mentioned aft exprefled, for the negleft or refuel of the fame, by any fuCh person or persons in the kingdom of England.

VII.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained fhall ex- persons in tend to any person that now is, or at any time hereafter fha|l England, or be, in England, who by virtue of this aft ought to take the

path, and fubfcribe thereunto in England, according tp the after re-K k 3	faid	turn.

$oz	Anno	prime*	Anit«.	ftat.2.	c.17*	[17014

feid two first mentioned afts, nor to any person now beyond the feas, out of England and Inland? or in her Majesty*s fervice oil board the fleet, fo asfuch person do the next term, or the next general quarter feffions for the county, barony, or place whore he (hall refide, after his return into Ireland? take the £ud oath* and fubferibe thereunto according to the appointment of tbit aft.

VIII.	And be it further enad&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedtive courts aforefaid, to give and adminifter the oath aforefaid to the laid person and persons, and, upon due tender pf any person or persons to take the faid Oath, the faid courts are hereby required and enjoined to ad«* tninifter the fame ; of the taking and fubferibing whereof the like regifter (haH be kept, as by an aft made in the five and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, was dire&ed to be kept of the fubferibing the declaration therein mentioned.

IX.	Provided always. That any person, who by any negledk or refufal, according to this aft, fhall lofe or forfeit any office, may be capable of a new grant of the (aid office, or of any other, and fhall have and hold the fame again, fuch person taking the faid oath and fubferibing thereunto, in fuch manner as afore* /aid, fo as fuch office be not granted to, or adtually enjoyed by, fomfe other person at the time of the re-granting thereof.

X* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March? one t e nouic pt	(even	hundred	and three, no person that now is or fhaU

be hereafter, a peer of the realm of Ireland, or member of the houfe of peers there, ftiall voteor make his proxy in the faid houfe of peers, or lit there during any debate in the faid houfe; nor any person after the faid five and twentieth day of Martha who mall be cledted a member of the houfe of commons in that kingdom, fhall be capable to vote in the faid houfe, or fit there during any debate in the fame, after their fpeaker is chofen; until fuch peer or member (hall from time to time refpedtively take the faid oath, and fubferibe the fame, at the fame time, and in fuch manner as is direfted for their making, fubferibing, and repeat-

Courts to ad-fiiinifter the oath.

How regifter ftiall be kept.

Perfon by neg< }e6t, &c. forfeiting office, may be capable of a new grant, &c.

No peer of Ireland to fit in

ft* *

nor member pf the houfe of commons capable to

they'take the ing^the declaration mentioned and expreffed in the faid adt, in* patn, &c.	‘	 ~

Penalty;

tituled, An act for abrogating the oath offupremacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That if any person that now is, or hereafter (hall be, a peer of the faid realm of Ireland, or member of the houfe of commons there^ (hall, after the faid five and twentieth day of March, prefume to vote or make his proxy, not having taken the faid oath, and fubferibed the fame, *s aforefaid, every fuch peer and member fhall from thenceforth }ncur, be fubjjeft, and liable unto the forfeitures, penalties, and difabilities in the faid first mentioned adt expreffed, touching peers in parliament, and members in the houfe of Commons in England.

XII.	Provided always, That this aft or any thing therein cor>-fjined (hall pot extend to the office pf any mgh conftable, petty
conftable, tytlungman, headborough, overfecr of the poor. Aft not to exchurchwardens, furveyors of the highways, or any like inferior	of~

civil office in the faid kingdom of Ireland, or to any office of for- oonftabte k$. refter, or keeper of any park, chafe^ warren, or game, or bailiff of	*

' any manor or lands, nor to any like private offices, nor fo any person or persons having only any the before mentioned or the like offices in the faid kingdom.	*

CAP. XVIII,

An ad for the more effectual preventing the abufes and frauds of persons imployea in the working up the woollen, linen, fujlian, cotton* and iron manufactures of this kingdom.

WHEREAS many frauds are daily committed by persons im- 13 Geo.». c. s.

ployed in the working up of the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, rand iron manufactures within this kingdom, by imbezziing and pur-loiningof the materials with which they are intruded, to the great prejudice of trade and commerce 5 be it therefore enadted by the -Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in	*

this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, Penalty on . one thoufand feven hundred and three, if any person or per- persons im-fons imployed in the working up the woollen, linen, fuftian,^penor cotton, or iron manufactures within this kingdom, (hall im- Jjncn manu„ bezel or purloin any wefts, thrums, or ends of yarn, or any fadtures, &c. other materials of wool, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, with*™* imbexel-which he, (he, or they is or (hall be intruded to work upon, thc i*™6* or (hall reel (hort or falfe yarn, being thereof lawfully con-, vidted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes,

, or by the confeffion of the party or parties accufed of the fame, before one juftice of the peace of the faid county where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit double the value of the damages done, for the ufe of the poor of the faid pariffi :

, and in cafe the offender or offenders fo convidted, as aforefaid, fl\all negledt or refufe to pay their forfeiture or forfeitures, as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftice	*

to caufe the faid offender to be committed to the houfe of correction, until fatisfadtion (hall be made: and in cafe it (hall appear to the faid juftice, that the faid offender is not able to make fatisfadtion, then the faid offender (hall be there publtckly whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fourteen days.

H. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. The like on That every person or persons buying or receiving any wefts, thrums, or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wool, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, and being thereof lawfully convicted, zeled. in manner as aforefaid, lhall fuffer the like penalties and for- ' feitures, as one convidled, purfuant to this adt, for purloining and imbezeling of the faid materials.

III.	And to prevent the oppression of the labourers and workmen imployed in the woolen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron

K k 4	manufacture.


All wool to be brought {hall be delivered out by weight. Penalty*

How wages, frauds, See* of labourers

564	Anho	primo	Annje.	ftat.i. c.19.	£1701.'

labourers and manufadure, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all workmen to payments and fatisfa&ions hereafter to be made to any of the pepai in mo- fame labourers and workmen, for any work by them done in *	the tame manufacture, (hall be by the lawful coin of this realm,

and not by any cloth, victuals, or commodities, in lieu thereof: and all wool delivered out to be wrought up, (hall be fo delivered, with declaration of the true weight thereof, on pain that every offender, in either of the faid cafes, (hall forfeit and pay to fuch labourer or worker, double the value of what (hall be due for fuch work by him, her, or them done; and if any fuch labourer or worker (hall be guilty of any fuch fraud or default in the work by him, her, or them done, then fuch labourer or worker (hall allow and anfwer to the owner of fueh work double the damages thereby fuftained.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers in

may twTheard wo°llen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron manufactures, and determin- for or concerning any work done in the fame manufactures, fd.	fh^ll and may be heard and determined by any two juftices of

the peace or the county, riding, divifipn, city, or town cor-* porate, where the matter in controverfy arifeth, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefies on oath Party aggriev- concerning the fame : but in* cafe any person (hall think him-ed may ap- frlf aggrieved by any judgment and order of the faid juftices, I*?1*	it (hall and may be lawful for fuch person to appeal againft the

judgment and order of the faid two juftices, to the juftices of the peace in the general quarter feffions of the peace, ^hicji (hall be held for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, or town, corporate, next after notice of fuch order of the faid two juftices; and the juftices of the peace in the faid general quarter feffions, are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes on, oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal5 and in cafe the fame juftices, in the faid general quarter feffions, (hall give judgment agstinft fuch appellant; then the'fame juftices (hall award and order to the party, on vyhofe behalf the fame appeal is determined, fuch reafonablo cofts and charges to be paid by fuch appellant, in regard to fuch appeal, as to the fame juftices (hall feem meet.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That this a A

(hall continue for the fpace of three years, to be commenced from the faid twenty fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and three, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 9 Anna* fap. 30, 1'	.

CAP. XIX.

An act for taking, examining, and dating the publick accounts of the

kingdom.

Commiflioners names for taking the accounts of the publick revenue. Commiflioners to take account of all monies granted to the crown from e Nov. 1681. No money to be paid to the colonels, &c. of the Dutph forces, till Jacob Vanderefche pafs his accounts. J5XP.

Aft to continue for i years*

ijGeo.x.c.g.

* W.&M.jT, i. c. y i. 4-&5W.&M. fc.u.

5&6W.&M.

6&7 Yff 3- C.

9. 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 8. 1 Annas, flat. i. cap. 10. £ W. & M. c. 6.

cap.

X701-] Annoprimo Axtom. c.20—22r	£©5

CAP. XX.

An act for reviving and continuing the late afts for appointing commit- u W. j.c. f« fioners to take, examine, and determine the debts due to the army, W. j. c. i. and for tranfport fervice, and alto an account of the priees taken during the late war.

' Whatfoever commifiioners determine to be due to each comtniflion officer,

Ac. they (hall certify the fame to the paymafter of the forces, fee. and tranfmit a lift of debentures to the Irirn truftees. Colonels, agents, Ac. -to exhibit the accounts of regiments, garrifons, &c. not made up. Debentures to be made out for the debt due to owners of foreign tranfport fhips, Ac. Pay due to regiments who ferved in Ireland, Sec. to be fettled. Commiffioners of pnzes to make up their accounts. Debentures to be delivered to the earl of Rtnelagh, late paymafter of the forces*

Debts due to John Bingham and Katharine Dunbarr, See., to be dated*

EXP.

e	CAP.	XXL

An act for advancing the fale of the forfeited ^eftates in‘Ireland, and for n W. 3. c. *. vetting fuch as remain unfold by the prefent truftees, in her Majesty, iAnnse,ftat.i. her heits and fucceftors, for fuch u(es, as the fame were before vefted c.32. in the faid truftees$ and for the more effeftual felling and fetting the iAnnse,ftat.T. faid eftates to proteftants j and for explaining feveral afts relating to c.41. a privati the lord Bophin, and Sir Redmond Everard.	aft.

Truftees to apportion quit-rents, See. Apportionments to be inrolled in the Exchequer in Ireland, Sec. Manors, lands, Sec. yefted in the truftees, and not fold by *4. June, 1703. and all judgments, ftatutes, 1 Sec. (hall be vefted in the Queen, Sec. After 14 June, 1703. all powers.

Sec. giveu to the truftees to ceafe, and all deeds, writings, Ac. concerning the forfeited eftates, to be delivered up. After 14 June, rents of	*

ithe forfeited eftates to be levied in the Queen's name, Sec. ahd paid into the Exchequer in Ireland, Sec. AH Hues, mortgages, Ac. of eftates, forfeited or reftored, to be only to proteftants. The persons difabled by 1 Annas, ftat. t. c. 32. incapable of holding the faid lands, Ac. Pur-epafe-money (hall be paid into the Exchequer in Ireland. Time allowed truftees for conveying eftates fold, Sec. Leafes, releafes of fuch lands, Ac. made in tTuft for any papift, Ac. void. person claiming benefit of fuch bargain, Ac. fubjeft to penalties, Ac. and money given in confideratiop thereof recoverable. On payment of a,oool. to the truftees, Sec. all the

, manors, caftles^ lands, &c. of Sir John Everard, deceafed, (hall be yefted in the duchefs of Devonfhire, Sec. Subjeft to the trufts, Ac. in the aft. Truftees to raife 25,0001. by fale of the lord Bophin's eftate, and pay the fame into the Exchequer in Ireland.

CAP. XXII.

An act for preventing frauds in her Majesty s duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

FOR prevention of feveral frauds, whereby her Majesty*s duties, by the feveral afts of parliament in that behalf made> impofei on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, have been very much left fined; be it enafted by the Queen’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the five and Penalty on twentieth day of Martha in the year of our Lord one thoufand	t

feven hundred and three, if any clerk, officer, attorney, foli- enter or^c citor, or other person (to whom it (hall appertain, or who (hall any aftion,Ac, be employed or intrufted to enter or file any aft ion, plaint, bail, appearapee, admijfion, pr other matter or thing, in refpeft • 1	'	>	whereof

to

Digitized by booQle



or enter any

fubfequent

proceeding.

Explained by < finnx, c.19. K»9*	'

Such record to be no evidence of the time. Provifo.

JPenalty on in growing on any vellum, &c. whereon writ, &c. was before written, &c.

on erafing or fcraping the fame,

.. JUiftopriaw> Annj®. ftaLa.c.24. tx7°f*

thereof any duty (hall be pajable by virtue of the faid ads, or any of them) (hall negled to enter, file, or record the feme, as by law the (arae ought to be entred, filed, or recorded, withki the (pace of four months after fuch clerk, officer, attorney, folicitor, or other perfori, (hall have received any money, for or in refpcd of the entry, filing,, or recording of any fucn a&ioq, plaint, bail, appearance* admiffion, or other matter or thing, or (hall have promifed or undertaken to enter, file, or record the fame, or (hall negled to enter, file, or record any fuch adion, plaint, bail, appearance, or other matter or thing, before any fubfequent, further, or other proceeding, matter, or thing, in, upon, or relating to the fame, (hall be bad, entred, filed, or recorded, or if any ‘clerk, officer, attorney, folicitor, or other person or perfons* (hall, after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three, tranfad, enter, record, or file any fuch further or other pro* ceeding, matter, or thing, fubfequent and relating to fuch action, plaint, bail, or appearance, before the fame (hall have been duly entred, filed, or recorded, that then every fuch clerk, officer, attorney, folicitor, or other person fo negleding or offending, (hall, for every fuch offence or negled, forfeit the film of twenty pounds, with full cofts of fuit; and further, That do fuch record or entry, as aforefaid, (hall (in or upon any fuit or profecution to be commenced or brought againft any fucti clerk, officer, attorney, folicitor, or other person, for any offence a-gainft this ad) be of itfelf any concluding evidence of the time that the fame was made, written, entred, or filed, or fuppofed to be, but in fuch fuit, or upon fuch profecution, proof (hall be admitted to be made of the time that the fame was adually made, written, entred, or filed: provided. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to oblige or compel any clerk, officer, or other person, to enter or file any appearance where any judgment is entred by confeflion; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons, at any time after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three, (hall write or <ingro&, or caufe to be written or ingroffed, either the whole or any part of any writ, mandate, bond, affidavk, or other writing, matter, or thing whatfoever, in refped whereof any duty is payable by the faid ads, or any of them, on the whole or any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there (hall have been before written any other writ, bond, mandate, affidavit, or other matter or thing, in refped whereof any duty was payable by the faid ads, or any of them, before fuch vellum, parchment, or paper (hall have been again marked or (lamped according to the faid ads, or (hall fraudulently erafe or (crape out, or caufe to be erafed or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any fum, date, or other thing written in fuch writ, mandate, affidavit, bond, or other writing, matter, or thing, as aforefaid, or fraudulently cut, tear* or get off any mark or ftamp from ^ny piece of

vellum,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Ifoi <} Anno prinio Anna. flat, t* c. i&.	$oj

*dltuft* parchment, or paper, or any part tbekebf^.with Intent to ufe fuch ftamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or or tearing off thing, in rcfped whereof any duty mall be payable by virtue of	**

the laid ads, or any of them, that then fo often, and in every	^ax#

fiich cafe, every person fo offending in any of the particulars £ 56. before mentioned, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, with full cofts of fuit.

III.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That What other every person who fhall fin or upon any Ant or information

which fhall be commenced or brought upon or in purfuance of 1,1111

{his ad) be convided of any the negleds or offences herein

before mentioned, (hall like wife incur all other forfeitures and

dilabilities which fuch offender ihould or would Jiave incurred,

if he had been convided of writing contrary to the faid ads, or

sny of them, the entry of any plaint or adion, or any writ,	'

bond, or other writing, matter, or riling on vellum, parchment,

Or paper, not marked cor damped according to the (aid ads, nor having any damp or mark thereon refembling any of the marks pr damps in the faid ads or any of them mentioned.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au- No penalty, *hority aforefaid, That no officer (hall be fubjed to any the &c; for things penalties, forfeiture* dilabilities, or incapacities in this or any

of the faid former ads mentioned, for writing or caufing to be ^ written any of the matters or things aforefaid, in any book or roll without any marks or damps thereon, which mail have been first (hewn to and figned by the commiffioners, for the time bring, appointed to put the faid ads in execution, or any three or more of them, or fome officer or officers by them, or the major part of them, for that purpofe authorized and im-powered, to fignify his or their leave or approbation, that the matters and things to be written in Aich book or roll may be therein written without any marks or damps thereon, fo as the person or persons, having the cudody of fucK book or roll, do from time to time (when and as often as he or they fhall be thereto required) permit the faid commiffioners, .or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them* for that purpofe appointed, to infped and view fuch book or roll, and do alfo (from time to time, when and as ofen as he or they (hall be thereto required by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them,* or any other by them or the major part of them authorized) pay unto the receiver general for the time being of the faid duties, or fuch other officer or person as .the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall appoint to receive the fame, all fuch fum and fums of money which, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ads, or • any of them, ought to be paid, in refped of all and every fuch matters and things as (hall be written in fuch book or roll$ any thing herein or in any of the faid former ads contained* to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That writings,

* ' all writings, matters, and things (in refped whereof any of the &c. to be ’

(aid written either

5o8	.?Anao	primo	Ann*, ftat.2. cAi. [1701.

on, or near feid duties-foall be payable, and which (ball be ingrofled or ?jf ftamps,	written,, after the laid five and twentieth day of March,	one thou-

• c*	fend fever* hundred and three) (hall be written in fuch manner,

that foipe part thereof (hall be either upon, or as near as con-. veniently may be to the ftamps or marks, which (hall (in pur-(nance of the laid ads, or any of them) be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the fame (hall be writ-Pexialty. ten or ingrafted, upon pain that the person who (hall Write or ingrofs, or caufe to be written or ingrofled, any fuch writings matter, or thing, contrary to the tenor and true meaning hereof, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, with full cofts or fuit.

Penalties how VL And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-to be difpofed faid. That the one moiety of all the pecuniary forfeitures, pains, °f*	$nd penalties herein before mentioned, lhall be to her Majesty,

her heirs and fucceffors, .and the other moiety, with full cofts of fuit, (hall be to any perfon- or persons who (hall inforrp and fue for the fame, or any of them,' in any court of record, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloini protedion, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

VII.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen touching the allowances, which, by virtue of the faid former aSis, ought to be made for pre-

'	fent payment jf the faid duties ; be it therefore declared and en-

^ aded by the aufoority aforefaid. That from and after thefirft menTVdu-	March,	one thoufand feven hundred and two, there (hall

tics.	be allowed and paid to every person, who (hall at any one time

bring to be damped, or buy of the faid commiflioners paper or parchment, the duties whereof (hall amount to ten pounds or upward, after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred poands per annum, for fix months, upon the prefent payment of the faid duties, at the head office in London or Wejlminjler, and not 0-therwife, nor any other allowance 5 any thing in the (aid former ads contained fo'the contrary notwithftanding*

VIII.	And to the end thefeid duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and all matters incident thereunto, may be fully and duly anfwered and accounted for, be it further enad-

Comptroller e<* by the authority aforefaid, That the comptroller and ao of the duties countant general or the faid duties, for the time being, (hall topafs an an- annually pafs a general account in the court of Exchequer, of of the^rofe* Sro^s produce of all the faid duties: in which account there producfr (hall charged all the monies becoming due to her Majesty, thereof, &c. her heirs or fucceffors, for all the, ftamps or marks, which (hall Account how be impreffed or put upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, to be made, diftinguiftfing thofe for which ready money is or (hall be paid at the head office for the faid duties in London, from thofe which (hall be delivered over to be otherwife fold or diftributed, and all the monies which (hall arife to her Maiefty, her heirs or fucceffors, for penalties relating to the faid duties, and all the monies which (hall be paid by the regifters of either of the two universities, or by any officers of the law, or others, for entries made in books, where the duty ought to he paid for every enny

*	’	'	therein,

Digitized by Google

,1701.*]	. • Arifto primo ANWJK. ftat. 2. x.12'2.	-50^

therein, ahd alithe monies arifing for vellum, pirchrtieht, arid

paper, which (Kali be delivered out by the commiffioners of the

laid duties, or : by their order, for the better accommodating her

MajeftyVfabje&s, fo that the profits arifing thereby, and the

kinds and quantities fo delivered out, may plainly appear in

every, fuch account; and all the monies which (hall be (scored

by any bonds taken for the faid duties, or any part thereof, and	z

.all otner monies,. matters, and: things whatfoever, which ought

be. charged! m a general or grofs account, for the faid duties, within the timerfor which every fuch'anriual account ought to be made; and in the difeharge of every fuch general account, there fhaU.be comprehended all the inonies which (hall appear comprehend*, to have beendidypaid or anf^ered by the receiver general of ed in difeharge the faid duties, within the time of; eVery fuch account, and all offuch gene*; Other falaries apd .incident charges-vftiich (hall bd duly allow- ra acco^nt# u ed in or for the:management of the« (aid revenues, and all the difeounts for prompt payments which (hall be duly m^de out of the faid duties, and all the monies fvhich (hall be squally piaid for vellum, parchment, and.paper, fraught or provided by the faid commiffioners or their ondeTyfor accommodating her Maje-ity’s fphjedls^ fo that the kinds and quantities of ail-the vellum, parchment and paper fo provided, may alfo plainly appear in every fuch account, and aH other matters and things, which by .the courfc of the Exchequer ought to be difeharged in an ac-jcount of this qa^ure.	,	,	.	.	.

IX.	Arid is hereby enabled, That all the debts and arrears £>e^tg an<j ^

4of the faid duties, which at the end of every (rich account rears tobefet . ought to be charged upori any receivers, diftributori, or o-infuptr. there, (hallberiuly fet ttifupir, upon the feveral persons charge-	'

able therewith/ to" the end the fame may be recovCtfed4>y the* ^ • ’ * ordinary procefs of the faid court, unlefs the lord treafurer, or commiffioners <yf the treafury for the rime being, (hall fee caufe ,

to day the faid procefs agairift the faid persons, or any of them,

■ for giving them time to pay or anfwer fuch debts or arrears, or ‘any of them, and to be difeharged thereof in any fubfequent , account of fuch comptroller and accountant general, according to the due eburfe of the faiid court.

X.	Arid it is hereby alfo enabled, That the (locks of vellum, $tocy9 0f vcl-; parchment, and paper, damped or Undamped, which at theium, &c. end of every fuch'account ought to remain in her Majesty’s ftamptorunr *warehoufes; dr elfewhere, (hall alfo be fet down and expreffed to P* •

, at the foot of every fuch account; and that the fird of the faid of fuch general and annual accounts (hall be for the year to end on the account, ford day of Auguji, one thoufand feVen hundred and three, and When annual* (hall be delivered by the faid comptroller and accountant gene- accoi;wt* <hall ral to the auditors of her Majesty’s imprefts and other accounts,termmate* before the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fe-

ven hundred and three, and (hall be fwom to by him to the	«

bed of his knowledge, and be followed and profecuted by him in fuch manner, that the fame (hall not, by his negligence or default, remain unfinilhed in the court of Exchequer, beyond

the

Digitized by Google

5io	Anno priknd Anb\jA. ftat. 2. c.	[1

the firit day of jWfey, one thoufahd fcven hunched aftd four; that every fubfequent annual account (hall in like manner minate on th* first day of Augufiy and be delivered to the auditors, or one of them, before the five and twentieth d December, and profecutod, fo that the fame may be finifhd fore the first day of May yearly, during the contifitiance d Partalty.	laid duties under the penalty of forfeiting his offiee^ 2nd

fum of otte hundred pounds, one moiety tnereof to ihfcQu and the other moiety to fuch person or perform who will in: or fue for the fame, to be recovered in manner afbmefitid. PfenaltY on XI. Provided always, That if any Rich comptroller and returning re- countaAt general (hall wilfully and knowingly return as? teiver, 8cc. ceiver, diftfibutor, and or other person, infitpbr, far any m pftptrformo- or damps duly anfwered, paid, of accounted for byfeeb we* paid. cciver, aiftributor, or other person fefpedHvely, whereby & they (hall fuftain any damage or prejudicej then and in e 1 fuch cafe, filch comptroller and accountant general (hail b able to anfWer and pay treble damages to the party grieved, be recovered by adtion of the cafe, in any her Majesty’s a: of record at Wefiminfier, with foil cofts of fuit, ift which ad-no effoin, protection, Wager of law, or more than one imp lance (hall be granted or allowed.

CAP. XXItt.

it k 14	Car i. An a& for raifing the militia of this kingdom for the year one tkwu

c\	*	*	* feven	hundred and three, notwithftanding the ibacith’s pagr toroe

. ’ v	advanced	be not repaid*

If it be	neceflary, Queen niay draw out the militia any time before

.	.	June,	1704.. notmthftanding the month's pay be not repaid. EXP.

Claufes in 10 II. AND whereas feme doubts have arifen concerning ant daft Sc it W. 3. c.	onf	0ther aft made in the tenth and eleventh years d h

lu	William	the	Third, intituled, An adfc for raifing the militia I

the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, although i month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid, relating U jt perfens as are contributors to the finding of herfes, horfemen, c arms, and foot foldiers and arms; be it enacted and declared bji authority aforefaid, That the faid claufe was intended to i and (hall be deemed and taken to be perpetual.

III. And whereas by virtue of a claufe contained in the fit* made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King WiEai to Sc 11 W. 3. ^e Thirds intituled, An adt for raifing the militia for they* c. 11.	one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, although the tnotfk

pay formerly advanced be not repaid, the lieutenant or lieuten# or in their abfence three or more of the deputy lieutenants for h county) riding, divifion, or place where the eftates of papifts mr puted papifts, or other persons rtfufing to take the oaths mention^ an aft of parliament made in the firjl year of King William-IW, Sc M. (T. Qfieen Mary, intituled, An adt for abrogating the oaths of all tP c/s, giance and fupremacy, and appointing other oaths, wbenki fully tendred to them, jhall or do Tie, are impowered to nominate & appoint fuch person or persons as they /ball think mejl meet andprA to furtiijb or fet forth one or more borfes% horfemen, and am,

1

>i.] Anno primo Ann^. flat. 2. C.24.	511

Joldiers and arms, for the fame efates, and are impomred to *ge the faid eftates with the payment of the yearly fums therein tttoned, to Juch person and perjons as /ball furnijb and fet forth the ey with Juch remedies for the recovery thereof as are in the faid Ife exprejjed: and whereas fome doubts have arifen concerning the I claufe} be it therefore enabled and declared by the authori-aforefaid. That the faid claufe in the faid alt made in the th and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, made perpe* s intended to be, and fhall be deemed and taken to be per- tuaU :ual.

[V. And be it further enalted. That the faid lieutenants, or Trophy mo-rir deputies, (hall not iflue out warrants for the railing any ncy*

•phy money, till the juftices of the peace, or the major part fuch juftices, at their feveral and refpe&ive general quarter [ions for their refpeltive counties, ridings, divifions, and ices, (hall have examined, ftated, and allowed the accounts the faid money fo raifed, levied, and collelted for the year in next and immediately preceding, and certified fuch ex-iination of the faid accounts, under the hands and feals of jr or more fuch juftices.

CAP. XXIV.

1 a€t to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for fuch fums of publick 13 W. 3. c. t« money as hath been received by him. EXP.

The End of the Tenth Volume

