A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo quarto

GEORGII III Regis.

Being the Fourth Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

---

Cap. 2. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for preventing certain inftnements from being required from kips belonging to the

United States of America; and to give to his, far a limited

time, certain powers for the better tarrying on trade and tommerte between the fitbielts of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of she find United States.

Cap. 3. To continue so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, as allows further time for the payment of certain (urns due, and to become due to the public, from the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tar, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the service of th, e year one thou hnd fcnen hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 5. To enable the company of proprietors of the Borrowfownnefs navigable cut or canal, more effectually o com^and maintain the same.

Cap. 6. For establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 7. To explain and arrfetid an act, taiade in v&e last fef , lion of pwrfiament, intituled, An act for Repealing aitaft9 made \ in the twenty second year of his present Mojefiy* intituled, ic An act.

i for charging a stamp duly upon inland bills of exchange, promis €< fory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand and for granting new lamp duties on bills of exchange prorniffory atti bther hetes; and also jlairdp duties on receipts; and for indemnifying all persons who have written or ligned any bill of exchange, promrffory or other note, or any receipt, net stumped according to law.

Cap. 8. For the more easy and speedy recovery of fmau debts within the town and port of Davor, and the parishes of, Charlton, Bucklandy River, Ewell, Lydden9 Coldred9 East Lang don ivejl Langdony Ringwonldy Saint Margaret's At Cliffy ivbit t field otherwise Behusfieldy Gufony Hougbafn otherwise nufsham* Cqple le Fern and Alkham9 and also the liberty of Davor Cajtle* in the county of Kent.

Cap. 9. To enlarge the powers of an act made in the their tieth year of the reign of his fate majesty King George the Southeast; intituled, An act for draining and prcjerv'wg certain marsh and fen lands and low grounds, in the pari]) of Wiggenhall sair?t Mary Magdalen, in the county Norfolk,

Cap. 10. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his by a land tax. to be raised in: Great Bri

for the service of the year one thousand Jtven hundred and, eighty-four \ together with those named in two farmer acts for Appointing iommissioners of the land tax, and with, those named in an act of thfe last session of parliament intitrilqdt. 'so oft far. granting an aid to his majesty by a land tax, to be r#ifed in Grejtffc Britain, for the service. oftlje year on thousand Jtven, bundled and tighty three.

Cap. 11. For poniflung mutiny and desertion and for At better payment of the army afnd their quarters.

Cap. 12. To authorise the removal of prisoners incertai* cases; and to amend the laws respecting the transporcation of offenders.

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of thetnukia in that pare of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning tilt twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred; anit eighty-four; and for lessening the number of deputy lieutenant and justices of the peace to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

Cap. 14. To continue the provisions of an act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the

porta idem

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

portatkn ^/“British and Irish buckrams and , British and

Irish linens, British callicoes and , or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted* Jiained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

Cap. 15. For further continuing* for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, for

venting certain instruments from being required from belonging

to the United States of America; and to give to his , for a

limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his , and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Cap. 16. For allowing.further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 17. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 18. For regulating, and rendering more effectual, the ex&hqti of the Statute work within the Shire of and

foteu^pnirifing the trqftees for putting in execution several aids for repairing the high roads in the county of, to borrow,

upon the credit of tyre tolls anting within the district f Leftoadt, a further sum of money, to be applied for payment of certain (Vims borrowed on the personal security of the said trsfttfi; and fgt further repairing the roads within the said dionft.

Cap. 1/9. Fbr settling the rates for the carriage of passenger wd good for hire to and from the isle Cap. 20. For tyre appointment of an additional ovprseer, for the better government of die poor of the' parish of in

(heeobatyof Wilts.

cp. 2t. Fhr building a bridge over the river at*bovtn, 'in the county of sussex.

Cap. TL. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, parted inthefoufth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for potr'mgind warningtbe road from Shillingford, in the of Okfbftf, tbreurb Wallingford and Pattgborne, to Reacting, in ibrnoentfof Berks; and for building a bridge ever the riier Thames, f Uor near Shillingford Ferry.

To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an ft made in lire third year of the reign of his present ma k*n intituled, Ats ail for repairing, widening, and keeping in upees, the road front Kirkby Kendall, the county of Well in or u»d( to Kirkby Jfftleth, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, Jbtde itb the fourth yew of the reign of his present Majesty, for gtpririttg arid widening the road from br&mcote Odd Houfo, in jit county ^nottfoghakn, toth?cross Port upon Smalley cotu axw, in tvriounty i^oerby j and from Ilkefton to the towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said county of Derby j and from Trowel if the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham;

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

except so far as relates to the road leading ftottuff to the town of

Cap. 25. For enlarging the term and Powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, by cory's Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicar,to Hitchin, in the county Hertford

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term and powers of an act. passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty

- repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passagt way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Ehrt

; mouth Hardnefc; and from the end of a lane leading put of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes 5 and from langver's Barn to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay 5

- add from langver's Barn to the north end ^paington Town, all > in tie county of Devon.

Cap. 27. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening tin road from the Lostwithiel turnpilfftkndy in the parish Creed, in the county of Cornwall, throng) trc gony, to Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water no three i hundred yards on the south side of Trethitn Mill in the parish of Saint Justin the said county.

Cap. 28. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from catihe Street, at the end of the town Hinckley, to Lutterworth town's End; and from or near the guide post at Walcot thwn veod, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile fione in wembrd Field, in the county Northampton.

Cap. 29. For continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth ana twenty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for ropairing the highroad from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to cathe rick, in the same county \ and from thence to piefs bridge, on^tht river Tees. r.

Cap. 30. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of his present majesty's reign; intituled, An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike read at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the totvrkvf Marlborough; and from the said town of Marlborough nth village ^/everlcy, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 31. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the third year of the ftign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping m ropair, several roads leading from the town of Barnstaple, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 32. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of e an

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

sto'ssp, 1 ytrar of the reign of his present Ma

icfty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Colhahf, 9h ibe cwfhfy of Southampton, to that city of Chichester.

*' €fcf}£7. 'for'ootihnitfng the term and powers of an act, ifofafn+he tfilrd of the reign of his present Majesty, for'road firm the fourteen mile font in the parish of

Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and fa iipamng, 3 ^httending, 'arid keeping in repair, several other frefold county.

'Sp. wtortontlnftlhg and amending an zst of the fourth JW of ms present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads jmf. spalding sigh Bridge, to the market place in Donington; pfel fnp.fbe tenth mile ft one in the parish of Golbertown, to the Jfone in the parish of Wigtoft, in the county Lincoln,

PRIVATE ACTS.

*- US'

uyl N act for naturalising John Christian Splitgerber and Southeast £\ia/hau Fridag.

L Aitaft for naturalising Michael Peter Touray

3^ an act for dividing and inclosing several commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Morley in the county of Derip;

4. An to enable the honourable Richard lum!ey> and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Savile, pursuant to she will of sir George Savile baronet, deceased.

so dissolve the marriage of Walter Nijbet esquire, with three bomberg> his now wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6i An act for naturalising Augustus Everard Brande.

7. An act for naturalising Detlev Bonaventura Eicke and John Henry Httker*

gjan act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of a'cemip piece or parcel of land, in or near the parish of peur sham, formerly part of the park there called Richmond Park, or idkw/parjtt in the county of Surrey, to Caroline baroness of Crrmtmhy and her heirs, for a full and valuable consideration. ^an act for vesting part of the estates of Charles late duke bdteuy tjeceased, deviled and settled by his will, in trustees, discharged of the uses and limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said will, for the purpose of more effectually car*fjfag into execution a decree and certain orders of the high tdovtofjdianjcery for sale of the same estate, and for other pur petes therein, (petitioned.

I, an actor, establishftig and confirming an agreement made between the lord bishop of Norwich arid Jacob Prefon sfyuis* foe the exchange of certain estates in the county of Norfolk. -7'*.

11. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

n. An a to enable fptjuam Haa dquire, and

Waltor Hunt Grubb gentleman, and, after their fev*r*lde»*tis, the guardians of their respective issue, to make, loafer, of theijr settled cftstes in the county of Wi and in the city of Brfflnl.

12. An act for dividing and indoing a certain raoor, or data

in oh, within the manor of Lay burn, and parish of in

the north riding of the county of York.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the common Selds,

common downs, common woods, wafie lands, and oshet commonable places in the parish of in the county of Southampton.

14. An act to enable David Edward Ltints pfquirp, to take,

use, and bear, the furoame and arms of Lhyd, purfuaat to 'the will of Rictard Lloyd, late of fvente in the county of Cardigan, esquire, deceased.

THE

Statute at Large,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

you XXXIV PART III

THE

STATUTES at Large,

r

Anno regni GEORGII III

tice Britanniay Fran

vicesimo quarto

AT the parliament begun and botden at westminster, the thirty first day of October, Anno fiomini 1780, in the twenty first y of the reign

of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence, continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day November, 1783 i being the fourth jrjjien of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

Malt act of 1 Geo. 3. further continued to June 14, 17*5, and 6 Geo. i recited. Clause of loan at a]. 10s. percent. Exchequer bills issued by virtue of this act to be placed at caih in the offices of the tellers of the re ^eipt of exchequer; to oe issuable thereout in common with other moneys, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal, for4 hours after demand fub}eft to action for the money and full coils. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. In ter eft to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bilk are in the hands of receivers, C Bills paid to receivers, C to be signed and dated. Bills may be te issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books. 1001, penalty on receiver neglecting to keep hooks. Sec. Bills Ailed up by indorsertient; or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5, 0001, each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or endorsement thereon, felon V Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal fuma, which ftiah from time to time be in course of payment upon exthequer bills, as money is brought in, to be paid to the paymastert. Bills to be regiftefed in course. When

f f a money

4q8

Anno vicesimo quarto Geo* on III* — , 6, [1783.

moqeykreferredformym.ntrt*to €. toe control of stye tre^lury. Treasury to fcttl* lab nes of clerks, sc. tad to with periods to circulate bitti, Ac.rthe rat #fest'sets.'mr

pent per an. Comraftoei not difrbled i om being mown of ytnii*Ditnt, Ate. contra&ers may tow oc raise the ioterect, trnfury. Contraftorx to be naid oat of money utued to t|lejmm4ai«. tfo see to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, ca peony to be paid for interclt. Charges to be padodt of the cnisy fond/and to be replaced oat of the sir It lopplitt. cuufc of itutf bilfs lolf or dearoyed. Bills discharged to be skncelled. jinking Spprqpriated to djfc]urge national opbts jncurred before Dec. 171c. jdentiency of the tax as Geo. % ho to he fupq^od Arrears m former dutiq to by applied iu id of the (uppti* granted fof ttte ytar

fr*t ., '

CAP. II.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the left session

K" meat, intituled, An ft for preventing certain inurumehtn froqi. required from ships belonging to the United States of America }*

tad to gih a Itif fa*power see t«m}

etter carrying of trade ard ejotproercc between the jesty's dominions, and the inhabitant of the said United s^atet,

*3 Geo. 5. C 39* recited 3 and continued until April sor 1784.

CAP. III.

An act to continue so much of an made in the Uft fefioa ofparhq*

4 ntent, as allows further pine lor the payment of certain Ipmf uuft p to become due to the public, from the united company of merdbqntt of England tfading so the Eatt Indies 4- '

13 Geo. $ C 83. recited. Commissioncn of the trqafpry may low (fcf Company furthe/time for ftp payment of their debt due t6 tttepfjbtycfc sill May i, 1784* '.

CAP. IV

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, so be rtiftd hi

Britan, for the (* rvice of the year one rhontgnd ffw* hpqdfrd

ihd fi|hty fopr.

Four Shillings in the pound

CAP. V

An a to, treble the pm pany of proprietors of the Borrowftqwnnefc

navigably cut'or canal, 'more esse^uajiy to compiet* and maintain 'ibf same.

AS 8 Cjeo. 3. C 6 facetted. Company of proprietors impooerod to re a fuithey Turn of t, ooool* to be divided into shares of 50b each ' bob (criptions raised fine the passing the foriner aft, deemed part of the cap tal frock. If fuhlci iptions prove deficient, the company may bocroy phoney, and assignthe tqd^ qafccuritj.*'

% '1

CAP. VI

An act sir (flahlifiwg certain the and

conveyance of letters aridpacicts ty tin toft Great Britain

and Ireland. " 1

Preambte. W^ by an ta made he the fourth year of/be reign Recital of of his present Mqefly, intituudt An act for preventing*Geo. 2. C 14, frauds and abuses in relation to the sending ant) receiving of

letter

Ahrio vicesimo ^qatto GEORGII III C 409

letters ap<spackets free, 'frost the duty Of portage; ethtr things enoffed, That mo letters or'packtiibythgpi/l; io % r

fror^ anyplace whatsoever, ball bt exempted frpht paythg the of'

p^fdjte, txtept such letters And packets as art therein excepted: end

vmteaj a ptfr office ittthe kihgdofn of Ireland jrintended to be tfia

bnfinds, independent if that bf Great Britain jfrr iobieh case it will,

banectjjary that proper regulations be made for tarrying on the cor rtfpbndetite by fiojl, between Great Britain and Ireland, and that be Utters or packets (except in the cases her tin a fur to be mentioned) Should pass free of postage from the one kingdom to the othpr: fpf /

Which purpose, ttlay it please yodr Majesty that it tttajr bfc.eha&*

d; and be it enacted by the King's rtioft excellent majesty, by and With the advice and Content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembledi and by: the authority of the same, That; immediately from and Part of 018 aftdr the ertabiilhroent Of a general port office in Ireland; by recited aftt the authority of the parliament of that kingdom; fd tnuih iff rteeftihiis^ the said a, made mthelbutth year of the feign of his preftht ment of g majesty, as relate id letters and packets, printed votes, pro neral post t ceding in parliament, and printed ntwfpapers, parting by the office oy portfire from fife duty of polfagej from jr' Britbin to fre-"'*" idnd, and from Ireland to Gfedt Britain, Mil be and the fa the

1st hereby repealed; _.

II And whereat the conveyance if letters and packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and froth Ireland to Great Britain, is intended' toe bt defrayed at the expend ojfthe revenue bf Great Britain, 1 be it therefore further enabled. That ndthing hefein contained thill Not to Ueprivb deprive, or be eonrtrued iddeprive; the port inafter gin erai fob, he pottmaf the time?bring; >ahd his deputies; df the portage and Convey ^'ssftawe % abco of leners alid packets frotfi Crept and and Iran ire from Ireland to Great Britain, dr pretent the said poftirtafter land, general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving; and taking; for the use of his Majesty, his heirs add successors, thd rates by any aa 6r afrs Of parliament payable for the fsfcme.r " f: -

III frnd be it farther enafrid by the authority aforesaid; thatie/hall and thay be lawful to and ft his Majesty port cemftiissu nvafter generalj and hii deputies, aftd he and they are hereby

required'ro demand and receive, for: the port and cohveyahec*of all letters and packets for Ghat Britain, cjbried by the port general, to be Within any part of Ireland; id addition to the rates of poftagi accounted ff hereby reserved, fuek further rfrds Of portage as shall, upoft thfe to the post establishment of a port office in Ireland, be chained sot cofikey Pjj?, n, r abea of letter a and packets therein; 'by tni act of ifrsto be hereafter made by the parkament Of that kingdom; and that his majesty'j portmarter general shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the revenue of thf port office of Ireland, quarterly fitch portage fid to accrue nith

id the kingdom of Irelands, and to he, received within'that of Great Britain.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

f 2 Poooolf*fhet* y

vjuuv LV 9

io Anno ticdimo quarto Georgii IU. C fi.'[i^jv

A temporary That, until the general poll office, otlrelani shall. have cfta auowance to blished packet boat for the port and.conveyance of letters and the'post office p3^615 from Ireland to Great shall he allowed in in faeiand. account, from the general letter office or post offica it\great Britaiflj. to the revenue of the poll office in afunviioc

ex^feding four thousand pounds per annumby quarterly pay ments, in lieu as well of (he profit of the said packets, - as in compensation for other, purposes.

V And be it fprther enacted by the authority aforesaid. General poll That the poll mailer general of Great Britain, and all and every office in Ire other person and persons in whom the buildings eroded) in ad J Dublin, and known by the name of The General pejl <$bct

the'portmaf falanti, are or shall be veiled, shall, and he and they ane^ierw

ter general by severally authorised and required, so soon as a. poll effie tuic. shall be established in Irela by authority; af the parliament

of.that kingdom, to assign over and convey to the postmaster. general of Ireland foe the tipie being, for the use of his Majesty, hi, heirs and successors, without any consideratrqnbciagpaid for the same, all and hqgqlar the said.feuildings, and silt right, tiik', and ihterest whatsoever, in and, to the same.

.yt And see it further enacted fey the authority aforc&d* Postmaster That it shall apd may feejawful for his^mryefty s postmaster ken*t*j*y general far the time being to authorise certain.persons to fond tainp«rfoo*r* ', n4 receive printed votes, proceedings parliament, and print to (end and4 newspapers, by the pod, to and from britain.nnd. tr*- receive print lanle at the rate of, one penny only for each printed vote and d yotes, Ac., proceeding in parliament, and each printed newspapevover Ireland^"4h°ve the printed price thereon, to be carried to the re Venn of the pod office of Great Britain j and all printed votes and proceedings in parliament, apd printed newspapers, So font and received, shall be free from any other rate of pottage wfeatfaever.

Any person.; .; Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any per

may son whatsoever to send any printed votes, proceeding in par

the*' I lament, and printed newspapers, by the poll, to and from pod, (or i d. greatxbretain and Ireland, at the rate of qifoi penny only. for. foe

each, provided.carriage of caclv printed vote and proceeding.in parliament, and the packets each printed nevyfpaper; such printed yores, proceedings and eacfcend.* printed newspapers, when solent, to be open at both ends rim penny required to be, paid for the carriage of the same to be paid when the said printed votes, proceedings in parliament,

and printed newspapers, (halbe put into, the pod office; which primed votes, proceedings, jn parliament, and printed newspapers; be marked Post paid, and the mpoey received thereon shall be carried tq the revenue of the pofl office of Great Britain.

1artfto vicesimo quarto gtoitoi! III ff. fi 41|;

CAP. VII

hfn.act to explain and attend an act, mad jvfflth of fit.

tnt, intituled, An act for repealing ah a, rtlarfe t the' ', ., year of his pfefeilt Majesty, entitled; An act - for charging ajldmp duty ufiin inland hills of exchange, promjftfj notes or aether notes, payable btherinfi thah demand', and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, pfomif ibry and other notes; and also stamp ddties bn receipts: and for indemnifying all persons who bavi written exchangexpromtffiry tr other hole, or any, net Jldmped

cording to law.

^XTHEREAS b$dh aft, made in the fejfon of parliament, ft eamtill#

(entitled, An adb foi repealing an act, made in, the twenty, feeotidyear of htspreftnt Majestyj Entitled, An act fern tbarging if amp duty upon inland bill) of exchange, promiffoty notes, or other notes, payable otherwlft than upon demand', and for grans*

"Sng newstamp dutiesirt bill! of exchange, promissory and other notes; and also stam(f dutlfcj on receipts;,) it was from and after the fihfl day of Augolt, one fetters hundred

hind eighty-three; sliere fiomd be rfifed, levied, eollested, and paid,

-pbrdtghout the kingdom of Gtdt Britain, word and for tie act of his Majesty, his heirs andjuceefbrs, thefeveitl rites and duties follottm tag, ft hat is to say), for every' pieceef t parchment, or

sheet or piece of paper, upon ttihitb any foreign or inland bill of change, promissory note, or other note, draught, or, Should It in

jgroj/cd, written, ofprihtti, wh&r the therein, or

btade payable' thereby, Should nit amount - Jam of fifty

here jhottld be chargedaflamp duty offi and sir ewdy

if vellum or parchmtai; or jhcet or piece of piper upon which foreign dr inland bill of exchange, probsijjity or other non, draught, or order, fholtld be ingrossed, written, or printed. When the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should amount to the sum if fifty pounds, oh upwards, there Jbotld be charged ofuty of one hilling; and it was enacted, That, from And After the first day of Septembef, cue thousand fevtti hundred and eighty tbrei,

there Should be hailed, levied, cohested, dnd eke

Kingdom of Great Britain, the several rates and duties fcutwlug;

(that is to say), for every piece of vellum Or parchment, or Jhettt piece if paper, Upon which any receipt or given upon

the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, arid nit to tfre sum of twenty pounds, shodld be ingrossed. Written, or,

there Should be charged a stamp duty of two penie; And for every piece efvewim etparcbbihst, or Jhcet er piece of paper. Upon which

any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money; amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, and upwards, Should be '*.

grossed, written; eh printed, there Should be charged

fourpence: and it was further enabled sold aft, That ml powers, provisions, articles, clauses, di/lributions of, ant.

forfeitures, and all other matters and things preftribrd Or appolfttej

F f 4'bi

r

i. annqvic^g/np qturto gsojumluit C [{7§$

by gay firmer a or totof pa relating to thefiamperdmtia

on vellum, parchment, and effmdftru

' w ith relation 49 the duties thereby awjjbtnld beopphod

sit in (xecution for the roifing, 'levying, coee&tg, aadffeeuftmgjb*

aid new duties thereby unpefed, to the true 'tnttett mi

meaning of the said ail as fully and tt oft.intents, had

fiposes, as if the same bad feverauy and respeaiveif been thereby enaffect, fvith relation, to the fold new duties thereby imp fid z whereas by severgl of the laws now in force relating to toe fifinp. duties on vellum parchment, and paper it was Ybatjjfting

perfin or persons Should ittgross, or cause to written, upon any vellumjparchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, isthereby. Charged to pay any duty before suck ye the faii vtsttm* parti went, or paper, shall ie marked or stamped as oforgfaid*

'Which there ball net be same mark or lamp rejeumtug the same, nr fts'otddingrofs or write, or cgu he wgrtjffd or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment or paper, he

marked or stamped. for. any lower duty than by fitch afff^gye.

able for what Jhtuld be so ingror written, such per foot foofini

dag field', for every futh offforfeit the fugs, of five, pounds;

and. by other of the said laws the penalty and forfeiture impy/etl an such offence it ten pounds: and whereas double hove arisen, whether thefetid recited a8 of the daft of parliament extendi any nr.

gither, and which of the Penalties by the said fermtr ags

'; of parliament, tt bius of exchange, and other notes, and

receipts or otherdi/charget g

dum, parchment, or paper, net properly ft fifed: foe remedy where, and to obviate such doubts, may it please your msjeay tjwt it majr.be enacted; and be it enacted by the ksng'smod cxccf jent mriefty, by and with thfc $dvice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenc partial Mo person, enent assembled, and, by the authority of the same, That, from

after March isar the twei>tjr hfth day of marcha one thousand ieren

wrltvorfiaa 'hundred and eighty-four, all and every person or periods who any bill of Hullwrite or signor cause to he written orsigned, any bid of exchange, exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt ortothep<dtf jsharae given for the payment of money, liable to.any ftarop ceiptfliame charged by the said recited act of the lait.session of psrlia

to any tamp meat, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without duty by the the same being first duly damped as in and by the said AIS trfson*^ directed, or upon which there shall not be some damp or najrrfc cepton stamp. rcktnbling the same, he, she, or they shall, for cvcry such bill ed paper, cof exchange, promissory or other note, or any such receipt or on penalty of other discharge, so written or signed, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the ..said recited acts is directed, or in manner herein after men

All aerihaa'l>rov^e^ >lw*y*» and be it enacted by the authority afore iitdtmriitd laid. That no person shall be liable to any prosecution for hav

tarhawag ing written or signed, or cabled to be written or Signed, pre

vtoufc

Atujo yfctfimc quarto gtus&cni lit. C V 4i j

vioostto^the coitmcrictttient bf This act any bhlbf exchanj^v Cgtierf foe promrflbry ordther note, Or any Receipt ot Other di&harge for reccjp^»^the paymept of money, upon any piece of vfcllum, parchment, ^t*r, foes or papery not duly stamped accor^ing to the directions contain the com. ciin the said recited act df e last fefftoh of parliament. mencerowitrf

'Ml, 'And'whereas drafts cr orders for the payment of money on thil detkemd upon 'any banker or person or persons sitting as a banker, r fiiitfg or transa&ikg the bufmefi of a banker within icy miles ofthk plait'pffibode f the per Job cr persons drawing such draught or order, amimptei bp the foetid bir$in bcft>re reeked aft from the payment of the samp duty thereby imposed: and whereas it might tend to pre leni ttrfons, if fochixttopfim was confined to drafts cr orders mptde payable it the bearerbe it therefore further enabled. That all Draught m drafts Or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon hanker, not airy ©anker, person or persons adingas bankers, which are not'w^.^ to the drown payable to the bearer, shall be, and the same are hereby the

declared to be; liable to and chained with the fiamp duties by tame duties the eeui ^heretis before recited act imposed upon foreign or in» ot; landbtusfof exchange, promi(tory notes, or other notes, drafts exchange, Sec or'enters* theherein before recited exemption in the said act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V And whereas it was not the intention of the said recited act " tojubjebtto anyfiamp duty any note, drafts or order, which may be legally gfaen for'anyjum not amounting to forty billings, therefore be kenactedi That no lamp duty shall be required for or on tfott«*&c. account ea any draught, ordfcr, or note, which may legally be under 4^1. given, wherem the futh exereflcd or made payable does hot anrmoot io the sum of fotiy shillings. anywy.

V And xvbefeasy by net said herein befdre recited aftythe duty thereby granted on receiptvis directed to be paid by the petfon reyuir, ing the faene/(except as therein cs exceptedj, and a penalty is by this ssh impofti Ofraty person who ball give a receipt on any parchmentf vellum, at paper, not properlystamped as by the said act if directed: and whereas it wduld be a great convenience to traders and others to furnish the receipt properly stamped, if they were allowed to make if

charge thereof*be it therefore enacted, hat it shall and may Personi re be lawful for soy person or persons required to give any required to give ceipt, to provide the paper stamped and marked as by die said*rep recited act is efireded; and such person or persons shall and may adefthe value of the stamp to the debit of the account of chmge n fthe.person requiring the same, or to the demand, for the dif value tfecjeot charge of which the said receipt was required; which said charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rcoeiptafor thing In this act, or in the herein before recited act contained, thr pare shall extend, or be. cqqftrued to extend, to charge or impose m7f V*, any stamp duty upon any receipt given or to be given for the sfordhi xonfideration for the purchase of any share in any public flock derd* tfcrreof* or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the bank of not hableto

' England, duf>'«

4*4 Anno vicesimo quirto fjeoroii ITT. £. f. f,

England Edft India company, or South Sta company, or for the dividends paid or payable on such shares of the fcid flocks, ^thofifor Vlli Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by drawbacks, the authority aforesaid, That riothing in this act, or in the be fore recited act of the last session, (hill extend, '6r be confirmed to extend, to charge any receipt given or required to be given*for aily money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks pr bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or customs; nor to any portage bills allowed to matters of ships of vessels for making a just arid true report of their fcargo at the customhouse; any tiling in this act, or any other': act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

fto bill of'VIII Provided also, alnd be it further enacted That no bhl exchange, of exchange, promissory of other note, receipt or other dit nor recharge given for the payment of moneys required to be stamped stamped0after Incited a of the last session of parliament, shall be

written.or«permitted to be stamped at any time after the same flwlll have signed, uttiefs beeri written or signed, unless upon payment bef the fuin of ren upon payment pounds; ahd; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined ° 16*and required, upon payment of the duty, and the said funa of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give & receipt for the same; and to ftiark or (lamp such bill of exchange, promissory note, receipt or other dischargp given for the payment of money,

V / with the: mark for (lamp required by the fnid htfem before re j \ \: !; cited aft'/ \\\\ m m

anvneigh*IX And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, '

bouring juf That it shall and may be lawful to attd for any justice of the t ee may de peace reading'near the place where the offence shall be com ^ncjngainst Head, to, hear ?nd determine any offence against this act, of tbii act. the said recited act of the fast lesion df parliament Which subjects the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of signing, for causing to be written or iigned, dhy bill of ex chartgc, promissory or other npte, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money, without the same being first duly ftatripod; which fard justice of the peace fs here; r by authorised and required, upon any information exhibited,

of complaint made, in that behalf, to summon the party ae

cussed, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcffioti of the party, of by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, td give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is i^ffidti* may directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand b^ievied by and scat for the levying the said penalty of five pounds so ad

iiutrcu. judged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be

made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six { urr days, rcndcring to the pany the overplus, (if any); and where fender to be t, lc g0ck, s of such offender cannot be found sufficient to attswer Qommiued. the penalty, to commit such offender to prison there to remain

for

anrtt)vicfe&na gttmtollui.'copr ' 4*1

for thefpaoeef three srionths* unlwk such pectinfeay penalty "'shall be (boner'paid and satisfied: arid if «nry perfoaar pecfona perth)wag shall find himself orftrenbselves aggrieved by the judgement of noy such justicejthen 'he orthcylhau and may, upbft giving , o(ertec«. feowrity to the amount of the value of factr penalty and foot nty) appeal to feittite, - together with faohebfta its. shall be awarded in edit the quarter fiieh judgement hail be affirmed, appeal to the instieesriftbe peace at the next'general quarter Hfffionsidr the bounty, ridings vrplace, whichithsm happen ahsrittatfteen days next after facta con vision shall have been made, and df which apfieai radon able notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnessfcs Uport oathy and finally to hear and whose dettr determine tie same: , and in case the judgement of such justiqe n»in»ttoo shall bd'affirmed, t shall be lawful ror such: jufocei. to' jiwara the persan of pprfens to payfutheofts occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem tneet. Provided neveetheiefs, That Justice may it shall and'may bdlawfiil to and ferthe said jdftfeej whett he I

shall see cadfe; 'to mitigate andleflen any such penalties as he ni Ue'*

(hast think fit, treasonable posts and charge of the officer and Informers, as well in makingithe discovery ain <prafeartirtg the same, being always allowed, over and abott rtboh*'mitigation}, and so as such mitigation dq. not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and cft&rges; any shing'tfonfainetfhvrtb af, or atpy othfcr adv of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X And be it further enacted, That if any per(pp, ot persons Penalty an

shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to giveeviddcce fine

before such jufdce or justices, touchin| any tie m«tqrs rp

lattve to this adft or to the hefeilffoefofe recited act orpe lat shall neglect session of parliament, and (hatl neglect or refuse (6 appear at thy to appear, time and place to be for that purpose appointed; (his. or her reasonable expends being fist paid or wndfefed^; 'withoor a reasonable excuse fcrr such neglect Or refofal, tb be allowed of by such juwce or justices of the peace, of appearing, shall re fsjfe to be examined on oath*..end give evidence before Aieh juftke or justices of the peace bofere?whom the ptofecutkmlhali be cfependiing, 'that then every fufrfi person foall forfeit, for everjr sikh qncrt'ce, the fom of toffy Shillings, to be levied and paid ih such manner, and by fitob means, as is herein dkeded as to other penalties, without*reasonable ex€ti(d "f- -- fiaftl, to be allowed of by such justice or justices bf the peace

XI And be it further enacted, ' That all forfeiturpsfcafvd pc penawe* and

nalties mentioned in this act (the eeceflary eharges for the re forfeiture covers thereof being first deduced )shall be divided and distrf 0*'

bated, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his ma jestyvftarilp duties, (or fomc person authorised by him to receive the lame), for the use of his Majesty, and the other

moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XIL Provided also, and be it enacted That no person or Cowptaiatt,

persons C under this

4*«,

ik, to bit fciade wit hilt*year afttt that oftcncd.

annoviccfiidd (Junto georgii IIL C 8; t. [1713.

person shall be liable to beacon vi&fid before any justice of peace for any offence Committed against tbh ad, or an act inpi An at fvh thtulifig ari ofl, made tbi f,

pxtftnt a&tftflfr intituled, Art act for charging a ftaotpdtoty inland bills of exchange, proratftbry tews, - oooothernoteay an aue oahnrwifetfaan rtpondetnarid; Mi ftrgritting a^aojdnft ddtiet en tills if exchange, prmiffbrj and other rates, and, dutitienreceiptsi on)c&complaintor informattoa4uh bemads Or exhibited against such person or perform wi tfeift ote ytaad after such offence committed;

..C A piviifi -! ter M) six

An act for the more iity and speedy recovery of witfiia the

town nod port of Dovor, and the pafifbes Of Umritoo^ Unrtrlimfa 'river, Ewell, Lydden, Cotdred, Easttangdon, West Larigdon, Ril^* Would, Saint Margaret's At Cliss, wjntftdd Otherwise Beatosfidd^ Gufton, Hongham otherwhe* huffb^m# Capfe It Fern, and Atfcham, 'and also the liberty of Oovor Cattle, in the county of k^nti t V ".

The name and style to be the Court 6f Resets in that Totm atfdtffert of Dovor debts above stf. and Under 40 s may be recovered therein conf jnii&oiitfs appointed.*-.*.'

/. cap. it, V ': V

An act to enlarge that powers of an a mad in Hit tbf

reign of his late majsjty King George the Second, irtx£ukd,an>ftfcr draining and preserving certain marsh and fen lands, and kw jrniftij in that parish of Wiggenhull srintmafy Magdalen, in the

morftht.' - - - 4t '

t^.si; \;*

Recital of an t^yg«p. ». & if. tofmhlflioriers in ((us. Meetings of commurentra as in*n*"to say a further tat bf J

ot Sdttb and Hottb Headin lands off the est ftdtofvfaid

f*s. tfdf. per dear per arn on lands bn Heading Drains, and r V5 d/pef ioe bear 1 ofvfaid dftdnt. Rates ft be m'lmh i until payment of the mora abe, frotm^ed. j fasterttf bofttfcfl and to assign the rates as i tecurity. Mortgageebjriytdirtftsag sqod

that money to be, borrow, jusd interest thereof Ciedtotrt m'dhbidl fof interest. if not paid half yearly, or withip three fhtotbetiftfn Aetata rides transtiprrable. A dabi, bankv drdiq, and umc^jtodx wkbii tbrtt months after paling this a a, tcrots'yhe eiid of The forth jfgofc, Froriio, that at she ekpiraftion Of fomnears, if nidd^m, cial to the dran|ge of hmdadputh.nf sod shud^lmd/^fanseso be rertioved, May jnake^allpwa^ct for.catcbi^g ..mol^iaqdivttb^u rwb^ trees of nbl^rth bise within 400 ertftod by eh&or the former&\

within that fiiote duusicv. NO

drainage of oipitraown jamroniy.^ dclpbik*9me> of

to this. AH £u(anto be conmhtnctd within ________

brought ih ndftpftjv central*«ut, Trebk Costs tv ra

: , .7 77 7*..«*. ": 1 u Jr

W - -- J J >. f.

'r -; S. ! /.

's; ..... CAP.

pb3.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III p, to — o a,

; rt 1 ] t 8.'. j 11 "'

CAP. X

in for appointing of tq nut in execution an act of this teflion of parliament, intituled, A nft for granting an aid to lima.:: r'

jetty by a land Ux, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thousand leven hundred and eighty-four; together with those named in two former ab for appointing conjinifjioner* of the land tax and with those named in an act of the lait (elhon of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for ttye service of the year qnf thousand fetren hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI

An act for punhbing mutiny and defeetioli 1 and foe the better payment of the army and their quarter \

1.»N tl 1»/ '

Nmator offorcet 17, 4*3, including, ojo invalids, pontinped for one year.

C a p.: xn. \

ftn ofl to authorise the removal of prisoners efrtain cases; on if

amend the eaves rtfptfling theoranfportat'mof offenders.

WHEREAS difficulties have occurred, which Moped pfttmw*.

the tarrying into execution ftnttncts and orders of transportation of convuls to places beyond the feat', and it may be same time before. the said diffint/tiettan be obviated: and whereas, from the un

ufuaiiy, great, number of offenders new under death and

refybted during his Majesty's phasure, or under fentente or order of transportation, its the gaols within England Wales, is

futh a want of convenient and efficient room in many gaols

then very dangerous caufogvtutes atrt to be apprehended, unless some immediate prmfionbe mode for removing futb offenders to same other

plate cfxonfpetnent: be it therefore enacted Toy the king's moult rxcetfept nhuefty, by end with the advice m.d. content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com moot, in this present parliament aflesnwfd, and by the authority' of the lame. That, Hit Mijtfty front and Tttlfoediately after the twenty hftb day of one imnowered to

theiifapd fevea hundred and eighty-four, it/bail he lawful for 10

his Majesty. from time to time, by an order in writing to be jvmrs notified by one of his majesty's principal feoretariet of ft ate, or of peace to for any three or more of fitch of his majesty's justice of the order, the repeace acting in and for the county, city, or placet m which of "*" such gaol wall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Ma r feotence' jetty, under his sign manual, to direct the removal of any one of death, cor more male offender or offendera, who, during the coarinu from any gr pnee of this act, shall he under (entance of death with a reprieve i" g( during his Majestyb plcafnire, or under lenience or order of w* transportation, and who, baring been examined by.an experienced surgeon or apothecary, thau appear to be free from any putrid or infc&ipua distemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such o/fcoder or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within or the dominion

; aot

or

to de jfjter offender t according to such orders, withes'proper' {frufifmf.

Gaolers sees, and expenses of icmoval, to be paid by jbe county.

Ovtrfcertp to whom such

Sriionera are divered, to have theiame powers over them as gagi. fh C

a#md uitfeflfttop*w*<* Oroaiwi HIC. f 1« [ 17s

minion of /if'i/rt, either at land, or on board any ship ar vdfci in the river Thames or any"navigable or oilier river or within the limits of any port of England or ivala, as his Majesty, ot ny thto bir more of such jufrices, authorised as aforekkl* lhafl from time to time appoint, and under the xnan^mmi of ant vcrfeeror over/eers to be appointed by his majesty^.oe.w three efr triore of such justices authogifed as afaceiaid; and offender who l^iali be f removed shall continue rathe fed place of confinement, ox be removed to and confined in any aether such place or places as aforesaid, s his maje(iy9«as any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid from time to me shall. appoint until such offender be. transported according touw or by the expiration of the term C such trvnfportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his LI

Sty, or until his Majesty, or until ny three or more ef such [ices, authorised as aforesaid, shall direa the rett^m of^frefi tnder to the gaol oj prifc^ from whi$h heltull have been (b removed,

/ IL And be it farther epacted, Tfiat th iherifpoc gamier, having the custody of any offenderwfiofe removal Audi oe ordered ir manner aforesaid, shall, \yith all convenient ipeed after receipt of the notification of any suchordof^ cotsvey^ or capfe to be conveyed, every such offender totheplaceappoinr edr and there deliver him, with*certificate of b>»r durfftian name, surname, and age, and of his offence and ofi the coart in which he was convicted, and also of the purport of his Sentence, to such overseer or overseers as aforesaid trim fhatfgrve a proper receipt ip writing to the sheriffor gaoiecy fijr tkojdtf charge of fitch (heriflf*r gaoler.; V

III. And be it further enacted, That all fees, m^elhicsin* out of the custody of fu$h Ihcrrff or gaoler any fudr offender (q ordered to be removed, as hath ufuatty bten paid, and wfcol4 have beet due to hem respectivety if such offewder had bdn removed in order to have been transported, and U itajahable expenses which lit sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every seth, removal, shall be paid by the county, riding city, hbrotigb, liberty, or other division, for which the court m Wtiohithe offender was convtded shall have bees held 5 and the'fhetjff or gaoler shall receive the money due for such fees and expenses from the treasurer of such county riding, city, hetoogh, liberty, or other divigon* such spes and expenses bring fast allowed by the order of the justi cos of the peace attheir quartern or other general sessions of the peace, who act hereby raprired to males fitch order as hah be justin that b*h^> M*1

IV And be rf further enabled. That after deeeei^> of^ny Offender under this acv the overseev who (hallhawe the ebstody of him shall, during the term of such custody, /hsvcvthe lame pesters over trim3' atietaddtnc to the oflue of a sheriff or gaoler and m like manner be answerabk fbriany escape of such offender'; and also during such custody ffiafr teed and clothe sikh ofifeuder, and (hrimsep him^4u(fh madfter, and

when

78 g, 3 Anno vicesimo quatfs>, 5i£ob©jiili & 1*. 419

vbere the same can safely be'done, permit Mm to labour at uch places, and under fitch directions, limitations, and.restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such justice* ruthorified as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, t>y dny order: a be directed to fuph overseer or oyerfcprs for their instruction, appoint; and mall allow hijp half the profits arising from such Prisoner tft labour for his own ufej1 and in thp mean time, as nearly in j*u°w.ed conformity io the treatment of perfoos committed so houses of correctiop as the nature of the c*fe will allow.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no but shall not

thing contained in this act shall extend to authorise putting to*

labour any person, whilst he continues confined by vjrtpe of work tins ad, who shall not content thereto,

VI An it is hereby declared. That qll the timp during Time of im

which any offender, being removed under the provisions afore prifopmtnt te said, shall continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be reckoned in discharge, or part discharge, or satisfaction of the of tranc.

term of his {rapfportation, so far as such time shall extend. portatioa.

VII. and.be it further enacted, That if any offender shall, overreersmny during such custody under this act, be guilty of any milbcha inflict mode viour or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such overseer rtwpf"lfh'jr pt overseers. the custody of such offender, to inflict, or srtmrioarae, fause to be inftided, such moderate punishment as may be in ffided by law on persons committed to a house of correction) and if any fuph offender shall break from, or unlawfully leave ihn custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall refeue, or attempt to refcuc, or alfift in rescuing, any such offender from such custody, or hall supply any arms orinftra* tnent of escape, or any disguise to such offender, every such pffence shall pa punishable in the same manner as if such offender was in a.gaol or prisen, i the custody of the sheriff or pther gaoler, far. the crime of which such offender shall have been convicted.

And be it - further enacted, That the overseers of the Overseers to several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make returns pdvfinll, from time, to time, make returns. specifying the o the court lames of every person io their custody the offeoce^of which he of King s shall have been guilty, the court before which be shall have Bench, the been convicted, the (entente of the court, with his age, and soil day of bodily ft ate, and his behavnour whilst in custody also the mry name of such offenders who shall have died under such custody, or shall have efoaped, or have been lawfully released from the same; which returns shall be made the first day of every term

fco his majesty, court of King's Btnch at, on the

oath of the person or perfossomking'the lame > such oath to b

before the said court or any commissioner authorised te sake affidavit! in the same.

IX And yohates there art fhvertl persans in county and

(itj, goals in England and Wales, under internes and orders'mode hyajttjliwar justices ef peas at their fijitns, or in s

furnmaryw&j^ oftd net warding ft tit ustrft;

be

J

4i0 Afina vicesimo quarto geqrgii III e. t. [iy8j.

be it further enaftct|, That it (halt and may be lawful for a»jr a renwve voce of albae or great session, or any two or more justices of; prisonertcom the peace, within whole jurisdk5hoi> the said gaol it Situate, to mfeted hr juf remove any such person or persons to any house of correctioa ea of peace, within the feu jurlldiition, there to remain in execution of the said Sentence or order.

X And whereas the security required by an passed in the

fourth year of the reign of his late King George tbf (intituled, An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, 'and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and' for declaring the law upon same points relating to pirates), relates only to tie fortation of offenders to his Majesty's colonies and tn

America: and whereas an till, passed in the nineteenth year hie

frefent afaje/ty, intituled, An act to explain and amend the saws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other puomb ment, of certain offenders), bath not provided any feevrity to be Any court taken fo/feod thereof; be it ensiled. That it shall and may be |awfu| for a, y court, having competent authority to order the she tnn&or. transportation of offenders, or any person or perfaqs duly natation ofof thorifed for that purpose, to require and take, from any person fcader>, fp)jr or persons who thai) be willing to contract or agree see the cepi transportation of any offender or offenders, Sufficient security mdiwfecu that he or they will transoort, or esufe to be transported effec iky for their toally, such offender or offenders to the place to which he, fhc, wmijporting or they, is; are, or shall be ordered to be transported; and that kw lethe said offenders, or any of them, shall not be Suffered to return from the said place to any part of Great Britain, by the wilful default of such person or persons so corn raising as aforesaid, or his or their assigns) and instead of the certificate required by the said ail of the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to take security for the production of such other evidence of the ailual transportation of inch offender or offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the nature of the case may warrant.

XI And vohertos the provisions of the said ail i passed in the nineteenth year of the reign ef his frefent Majesty( (, act to

explain and amend, the laws mating to the transportation, unit offender! prisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders), are

notfuffklent to obviate the difficulties which have ariftn in tarrying tusufierted rucinikn fententes and orders for offelons, and

toihtpiace others now astder confinement: and whereas, in order tefaeistott mentioned in the transportation of such felons, and others, it is nectssary, that au t Set r same nee, shortly Should be given to transport them to any proper place beyond* fa*although the said place be not mentioned in the fentente or

fcemsyerder order feet their tronfportation: be k ensiled. That if any offender

tun to b hath already been ordered to he transported to any part beyond

transported the feasor if hereafter any offender shall be under the fike

2*«, tlwv<r estdtr, d such order cannot be conveniently executed with sal think trefpea to the place in such order mentioned, it (halt and may

ftafer. be lawful for the court of King's Bench, or for the court before

which

1783.] Awichvicesimo quarto Georgii III C i2; which any fisch perfoiv hath b$*n or shall be cgnvidfed, or anf court holder for the same county, city, riding, liberty division, or place, haviqg like, authority; or whilst the court of King's Bench is not sitting, for any two justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Puns, or barons of the Exchequer, of the degree of the coif, iftuch court, or such two justices. or barons, shall t)tink ftr, ta order that, such offender shall be transported to any Other part beyond the seas, which shall appear to such court proper for tha£ purpose, in speh and the like manner, and for the fapae term of yrs, as such offender is or shall be liable tq be, transported to the place mentioned in the original fenteneef orf order, for his or her transportation; 4 and such order (hull be conf^dcred^s made at the same time, and shall be as effectual tip every intent"and purpose, and (tiau have all the same consequences in every respect, as the opgioal.order for thetranfpor tafiqn of (such offender $ and such pffender shall be transferred Obeyed, and made over to any person who will contract for he performance of such transportation, and to his or their ail^gpa, ih like manner as if such offender had been transported to jh$ place mentioned in the original order of transportation 1 nqd (hch person or persons so contradfing as aforesaid, his or ^(iigp$, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, mfjlitavea property m.d. jpterest in the service of the said of tender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported $ in case such offender io ordered for transportation shall be afterwards at large within aqy part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without fotne lawful c^use, before the expiration of the term for which such offender ftalj have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, ^i^hereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and shall be tried before nd in such manner, and the same, evidence made of for his or her conviction, as are directed by the laws now i^jbcing for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported; whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such pffender so found at large within this kingdom, shall be entitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the lame manner as any person may be entitled to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecutipg to conviction, any offender ordered to be transported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for >yhich such offender was ordered to be transported: provided always, jthat it shall not be lawful to order any offender to be transported to the coast of Africa, who shall be under fentcace or order of transportation to any other place.

XU. And be it further enacted, That the expends of carrying this act into execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both hoyfes of parliament; and after.de*dudling thereout the profits, if any, arising from the earnings Vol. XXXIV Gg*ot

4v

Offenders returning before the expiration of their terra to foffer death.

sol reward for prosecuting such of feeders.

Expenses of " executing this act to be laid annually before both houses of parliament.

422

Anno vicesimo quarto gfioroli III C i3. [it

of the offenders who shall Iibour in any of tftt pi tort of confinement to be appointed by virtufe Of this&, shall bit prtfvfcfcd for in the next (applies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Persons profc XIII And be it farther ehaaed, Thfct if any fiiit or action cuted for cxe shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for any tiling aaml y plead one n pursuance of this act, such person btperfdirs may plead the general the general issue, and givt this act, or 'thfe speciil matter, in issue; evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fatafe

was done by the authority of this act: and if a vetdta shall bass for the defendant or ddfendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or disconthtue his, her, or their a Avon, or aaions after issue joined; or if bn dednifrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff br plaintiffs, the and, on ob defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the rcmcjy r ^amc* as any defendants hkve by law in cover treble" other cases; and though a verdia shall be given to any plaintiff costs. in such aaion or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have

costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom die trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdia. Limitation of XIV And be it further enacted, That all aaions, suits, and actions. prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons

for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place whefe the faa Was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after tbfc faa committed, and not otherwise.

Continuance XV And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this f this act, A, so far as the same extend to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty fffth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and also to the end of the then session of parliament; or if the said term of one year shall not determine during any session, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. XIII

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one yeary beginning the twenty-fifth

M March, one thousand even hundred and eighty-four; and fining the number of deputy lieutenant; and justices of the "peacel to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

XV AND whereas by the laws now in being relative to the raising and training of the militia forces, certain aftt are required to be done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peace or h one deputy Keutenekt end two justices of the peace: and whereas it frequently happens that three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one jtefthe xj the peace > or one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace cannot be ajembled for such purposes9 whereby many inconveniences hate

stifeni

I

tyz$.] Aftrio vloejtmd cjuirto oeciroii ltl. C 4

arisen be it therefore enacted, That m all cases where any acst ^||,^rscherc' is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy °°ed^lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one juftrce of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two jgftices of the d?p. lieut. peace, such as may be done by two deputy lieuteriants, or by aml one deputy lieutenant and one justice df the peace; and such ytwo<\cp* acts to done shall be as valid and effedtutfl as if the fanrtd were licutsi done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace; any former && or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV

An act to continue the provisions of an act of the twenty'third of hie present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of britifu and Trish buckrams and tillettings, British and Irish linens, British cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, (tain ed, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

*3 Geo. f. C ai. recited; and continued whilst a bounty upon exportation of 'buckrams and tillettings, linens, calicoes, artd cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, filall continue to be given by any a ft of parliament in Ireland.

CAP. XV

An act for further continuing, for a limited tilde, an act made In the list iession of parliament, intituled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United State!

f America i and to give to his Majesty, for«limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the! subjects of hit 'majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

03 Geo.). C )9» recited and further continued until June so, 1784*

CAP. XVI

An act for allowing further time for in roll ment of deeds and wills mad by Papiffct, and for relief of Protestant purehaftr*

Act 3 Geos. continued to Sept. I, 17s4.

cap. xvir.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on fhdrt, - — Same as last year.

CAP XVIIL

An tfft for regulating, smd rendering more effectual, the «*£ftion oflh# ft suite work withm the Jure of ndittburgh.; and 'for aurhoriftog the trustees for putting in 'execution fevecal act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow gpon the credit of the lolls arising within the district of Lafwade, a further fn?n of mpney, to be applied for payment of certain sums borrowed on the personal fecu* rkyot the said trustoes; and for further vaporing thexcodt within tbt aid di ft rift,

Cgz

cap.

S'

424 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 19 — 24. [1783.

CAP. XIX

An act for settling the rates for the carriage of passengers and goods for hire to and from the lile of Wight.

Prices of carriage to be assessed by the quarter sessions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by distress and sale of goods, and in default one month's imprifooment. Mailers names. See. to be put on vessels $ a table of rates affixed in the cabin. See. and also a description of houses, registered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting 51. Exception as to vessels carrying Hie mail, See. junlefs engaged to carry passengers, Sec. at an earlier hour. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Mailers of vessels to appoint and engage houses for lodging goods, Sec. To be registered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at such houses, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in such books to be iucertained by quarter sessions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at registered houses. Inhabitants of the isle of Wight competent witnesses. Convictions not to be quashed for want of form Form of conviction. Limitation of actions. Public, ast.

CAP. XX

An act for the appointment of an additional for the inter

government of the poor of the parish (Bradford, in the county o/wilt*.

CAP. XXI

An act for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven, in the county of Sussex.

XXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

fourth pear of the reign of his for repairing and

widening the road from in the couoty of

through Wallingford and Pangbarne, to Reading in the county of Berks j and for building a bridge over the river s at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XXIII

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers tf alt made in the third year of the reign of his present An

at for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of to

Jreleth, in the county of

CAP. XXIV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an all, made its tie fourth pear of the reign of his present for repairing and

widening the road from in the county of

Nottingham, to The Croft Post upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and from llkeston to the towns of Heater and Shipley, in the said county of Derby \ and from Trowtll, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham; except so far as relates to the road leading from Ilkeftdn to the town cf Shipley.

1783.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25 — 29! CAP. XXV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year

of the reign of his present Majestyfor repairing the roads from

Lems ford Mill, through Welwyn and, and by Cory's

Mill, to Hitchen, and from, through, to

fiitcben, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XXVI

for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

Jiftb year of the reign of his pre Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth'Hardness, and from the end of a lane leading out of the

turnpike road between Newton Abbott and towards

Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes j and from Langver's Barn to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Mont's Bridge and Brixham £>uayj and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Paington Jown, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXVII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, made in the fectni year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Lost turnpike road, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Euan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the south side of Tretbi Mill in the parish of Saint justin the said county.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the Jeeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and.keeping in repair, the road from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End; and from or near the guide poll at Waleot town's End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile (lone in field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX

An act for continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty feeond years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highroad from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Catheritk, in the same county j and from thence to piers bridge, on the river

t(ts,

Gg3

Anno vigefhnc quarto Georgii III. C 30-^34; [1783. CAP. XXX

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ally in tit

second year of his present Majesty o intituled, An act for

amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough; and from the said town of Mqrlhorofcgb to the village of Eyerley, in the county of ipilts,

CAP. XXXI

jfn all for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an oil of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Barnjtaplex la the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXII

Ad ail to antinut and enlarge the term and powers, ea act, made in the second year of that reign of bit prof out Majesty, entitled,

An act for repairing and widening the road from Qosham, in the county of So, to thp city of

it, hejitr.

CAP. XXXUJ.

An act for continuing the term, and powers of an all, mpdf «* that third year of the reign of his present, repairing the

road from the fourteen mile stone, in the parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of and for repairing,

amending, and keeping in repair, severed roads Within the said county.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for continuing and amending an act of that fourth year of'his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in t; and

from the'tenth mile stone in the parish of Gefbertown, to the eighth mile stope in the parish of, in the county of

ltnu/u.

